<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007200.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007200.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129160408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001083199
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001004150
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				522184798
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-35542
		FILM NUMBER:		25569326

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 JIM MORAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33442
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9544292200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 JIM MORAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33442

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002046523
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261470-14
		FILM NUMBER:		25569327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 JIM MORAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33442
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9544292200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 JIM MORAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33442
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report 

(Date of earliest event reported): 

January 29, 2025

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

(Issuing Entity with respect to Securities)

(Central Index Key Number: 0002046523)

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP. 

(Sponsor with respect to Securities) 

(Central Index Key Number: 0001004150)

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC 

(Depositor with respect to Securities) 

(Central Index Key Number: 0001083199)

Delaware 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization) 

333-261470-14

(Commission File Number) 

52-2184798 

(Depositors I.R.S. Employer Identification
No.) 

250 Jim Moran Blvd. 

Deerfield Beach, FL 33442 

(Address of principal executive offices of depositor,
including Zip Code) 

Depositors telephone number, including
area code: (954) 429-2200 

Former name or former address, if changed since
last report: Not applicable 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the depositor under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each 

exchange on which

registered

Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On
January 29, 2025 (the Closing Date), World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor),
entered into an amended and restated Trust Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto, with Wilmington Trust, National Association,
as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), relating to World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A (the Issuing
Entity), a Delaware statutory trust created on November 21, 2024. On the Closing Date, World Omni Financial Corp., a Florida
corporation (World Omni), and the Depositor entered into a Receivables Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed
as an exhibit hereto, pursuant to which specified motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts and related property were sold by World
Omni to the Depositor. On the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity, the Depositor, World Omni, as servicer (the Servicer),
and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as account bank (the Account Bank), entered into
a Sale and Servicing Agreement (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto,
pursuant to which specified motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts and related property were transferred by the Depositor to
the Issuing Entity. On the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity issued to the Depositor the Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A, Class A-1,
Class A-2a, Class A-2b, Class A-3, Class A-4, Class B and Class C (collectively, the Notes), having an aggregate
original principal amount of $1,225,360,000, pursuant to an Indenture (the Indenture),
dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association,
as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and the Account Bank, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto.
On the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and World Omni, as administrator (the Administrator),
entered into an Administration Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto, pursuant to which the Administrator agreed to
perform certain duties and obligations of the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee under the transaction documents. On
the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity, World Omni, as Servicer and Administrator, and
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer (the Asset Representations Reviewer), entered
into an Asset Representations Review Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto, pursuant to which the Asset Representations
Reviewer agreed to perform, upon satisfaction of certain trigger events, reviews of certain receivables for compliance with the representations
and warranties made by World Omni about such receivables.

Interest on the Notes will be distributed on each
Payment Date (as defined in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement). Monthly distributions in reduction of the principal amount
of the Notes will be allocated to the Notes in accordance with the priorities set forth in the Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

2

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No.

Description

Exhibit 4.1 Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among World Omni Financial Corp., as servicer, World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as depositor, World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, as issuing entity, and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank.

Exhibit 4.2 Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, as issuing entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank.

Exhibit 4.3 Trust Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as depositor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee.

Exhibit 99.1 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between World Omni Financial Corp., as seller, and World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as purchaser.

Exhibit 99.2 Administration Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among World Omni Financial Corp., as administrator, World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as depositor, World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, as issuing entity, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee.

Exhibit 99.3 Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, as issuing entity, World Omni Financial Corp., as servicer and administrator, and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer.

3

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the depositor has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC

(Depositor)

Dated: January 29, 2025 By: 

/s/ Claude S. Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Its: Assistant Treasurer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

among

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A,

Issuing Entity,

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

Depositor,

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.,

Servicer,

and

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

Account Bank

Series 2025-A

Dated
as of January 29, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I
DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Article II
CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES 1

Section 2.01 Conveyance of Receivables 1

Section 2.02 Intention of Parties 2

Article III
THE RECEIVABLES 3

Section 3.01 Representations and Warranties of World Omni with Respect
to Each Receivable and the Pool of Receivables 3

Section 3.02 Repurchase upon Breach; Dispute Resolution 6

Section 3.03 Custody of Receivable Files 11

Section 3.04 Duties of Servicer as Custodian 11

Section 3.05 Instructions; Authority to Act 12

Section 3.06 Custodians Indemnification 12

Section 3.07 Effective Period and Termination 12

Article IV
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES 13

Section 4.01 Duties of Servicer 13

Section 4.02 Collection and Allocation of Receivable Payments 14

Section 4.03 Realization upon Receivables 14

Section 4.04 Physical Damage Insurance 14

Section 4.05 Maintenance of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles 15

Section 4.06 Covenants of Servicer 15

Section 4.07 Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach or Extension Beyond
Final Scheduled Payment Date 15

Section 4.08 Servicing Fee 15

Section 4.09 Servicers Certificate 16

Section 4.10 Annual Statement as to Compliance; Item 1122 Servicing
Criteria Assessment; Notice of Default 16

Section 4.11 Annual Independent Certified Public Accountants
Report 17

Section 4.12 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding
Receivables 17

Section 4.13 Servicer Expenses 17

Section 4.14 Appointment of Subservicer 17

Section 4.15 Communications Between Noteholders 18

Section 4.16 Exchange Act Certifications 18

i

Article V
TRUST ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO CERTIFICATEHOLDERS AND NOTEHOLDERS 18

Section 5.01 Establishment of Trust Accounts 18

Section 5.02 Collections 21

Section 5.03 Application of Collections 22

Section 5.04 [Reserved] 22

Section 5.05 Additional Deposits 22

Section 5.06 Distributions 22

Section 5.07 Reserve Account 24

Section 5.08 Statements to Noteholders and Certificateholders 25

Section 5.09 Net Deposits 27

Section 5.10 Transfer of Certificates 27

Article VI
THE DEPOSITOR 27

Section 6.01 Representations of Depositor 27

Section 6.02 Limited Liability Company Existence 29

Section 6.03 Liability of Depositor; Indemnities 29

Section 6.04 Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of Obligations
of Depositor 31

Section 6.05 Limitation on Liability of Depositor and Others 31

Section 6.06 Depositor May Own Notes 32

Section 6.07 Security Interest 32

Article VII
THE SERVICER 32

Section 7.01 Representations of Servicer 32

Section 7.02 Indemnities of Servicer 33

Section 7.03 Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of Obligations
of, Servicer 34

Section 7.04 Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others 35

Section 7.05 World Omni Not to Resign as Servicer 35

Article VIII
DEFAULT 35

Section 8.01 Servicer Default 35

Section 8.02 Appointment of Successor 37

Section 8.03 Notification to Noteholders and Certificateholders 38

Section 8.04 Waiver of Past Defaults 38

Section 8.05 Payment of Servicing Fees 38

Article IX
TERMINATION 38

Section 9.01 Optional Purchase of All Receivables 38

ii

Article X
MISCELLANEOUS 39

Section 10.01 Amendment 39

Section 10.02 Protection of Title to Trust 40

Section 10.03 Notices 42

Section 10.04 Assignment by the Depositor or the Servicer 42

Section 10.05 Limitations on Rights of Others 42

Section 10.06 Severability 43

Section 10.07 Separate Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 43

Section 10.08 Headings 43

Section 10.09 Governing Law 43

Section 10.10 Assignment by Issuing Entity 43

Section 10.11 Nonpetition Covenants 44

Section 10.12 Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture
Trustee 44

Section 10.13 Regulation AB 45

Section 10.14 Notices to the Rating Agencies 45

Section 10.15 Independence of the Servicer; No Joint Venture 45

SCHEDULE A Schedule of Receivables

SCHEDULE B Location of Receivable Files

EXHIBIT A Form of Distribution Statement to Noteholders

EXHIBIT B Form of Servicers Certificate

EXHIBIT C Form of SSA Assignment

APPENDIX A Definitions and Rules of Construction

APPENDIX B Additional Representations and Warranties

iii

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

This SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
is dated as of January 29, 2025, among WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuing
Entity), WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor), as depositor,
WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP., a Florida corporation (World Omni or the Servicer), and U.S. BANK
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as account bank (the Account Bank).

WHEREAS, World Omni has sold
the Receivables to the Depositor pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement;

WHEREAS, World Omni Auto Receivables
LLC, as depositor, desires to sell the Receivables to the Issuing Entity and the Issuing Entity desires to purchase such receivables;
and

WHEREAS, the Servicer is willing
to service, to make representations and warranties and to make certain repurchase representations with respect to such Receivables;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Definitions.
Certain capitalized terms used in the above recitals and in this Agreement are defined in and shall have the respective meanings assigned
them in Part I of Appendix A to this Agreement. All references herein to the Agreement or this
Agreement are to this Sale and Servicing Agreement as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, the exhibits
hereto and the capitalized terms used herein which are defined in such Appendix A, and all references herein to Articles, Sections
and subsections are to Articles, Sections or subsections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The rules of construction
set forth in Part II of such Appendix A shall be applicable to this Agreement.

Article II

CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES

Section 2.01 Conveyance
of Receivables. In consideration of the Issuing Entitys delivery to or upon the order of the Depositor of the Notes and the
Certificates, on the Closing Date the Depositor does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Issuing Entity,
without recourse (subject to the obligations of the Depositor set forth herein), pursuant to an assignment in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit C (the SSA Assignment) all right, title and interest of the Depositor, whether now or hereafter
acquired, and wherever located, in and to the following:

(a) the
Receivables identified in the Schedule of Receivables to the SSA Assignment delivered to the Issuing Entity (all of which are identified
in World Omnis computer files by a code indicating the Receivables are owned by the Trust and pledged to the Indenture Trustee)
and all monies received thereon and in respect thereof after the Cutoff Date;

(b) the
security interests in, and the liens on, the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors in connection with the Receivables and any other interest
of the Depositor in such Financed Vehicles;

(c) any
proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering such
Financed Vehicles or Obligors;

(d) any
Financed Vehicle that shall have secured a Receivable and shall have been acquired by or on behalf of the Depositor, the Servicer or
the Trust;

(e) all
funds on deposit in, and financial assets (as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time
in effect) credited to, the Trust Accounts, including the Reserve Account, from time to time, including the Reserve Account Initial Deposit,
and in all investments and proceeds thereof (including all income thereon);

(f) the
Receivables Purchase Agreement;

(g) all
accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles and promissory notes (as such terms
are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect) constituting or relating to the foregoing; and

(h) the
proceeds of any and all of the foregoing; provided, however, that the foregoing items (a) through (h) shall
not include the Notes and Certificates.

Section 2.02 Intention
of Parties. It is the intention of the Depositor and the Issuing Entity that the assignment and transfer contemplated herein constitute
(and shall be construed and treated for all purposes, other than for tax purposes, as) a true and complete sale of the Receivables and
the other property of the Depositor specified in Section 2.01 hereof, conveying good title thereto free and clear of any liens and
encumbrances, from the Depositor to the Issuing Entity. However, in the event that such conveyance is deemed to be a pledge to secure
a loan (in spite of the express intent of the parties hereto that this conveyance constitutes, and shall be construed and treated for
all purposes, other than for tax purposes, as a true and complete sale), the Depositor hereby grants to the Issuing Entity, for the benefit
of the Noteholders, a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Depositors right, title and interest in, to and
under the Receivables and the other property of the Depositor specified in Section 2.01 hereof whether now existing or hereafter
created and all proceeds of the foregoing to secure the loan deemed to be made in connection with such pledge and, in such event, this
Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law.

2

Article III

THE RECEIVABLES

Section 3.01 Representations
and Warranties of World Omni with Respect to Each Receivable and the Pool of Receivables.

(a) Representations
and Warranties with Respect to Each Receivable. On the Closing Date, World Omni, which sold the Receivables specified in the SSA
Assignment on such date, hereby represents and warrants to the other parties hereto, with respect to such Receivables as of the Cutoff
Date:

(i) Characteristics
of Receivables. Each Receivable (1) (A) was originated in the United States of America by a Dealer for the retail sale
of a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of such Dealers business, was fully and properly executed or electronically authenticated
by the parties thereto, and was purchased by World Omni from such Dealer under an existing dealer agreement, (B) was originated
by World Omni, or (C) was originated by an independent third party and acquired by World Omni, (2) contains customary and enforceable
provisions such that the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are adequate for realization against the collateral of the benefits
of the security, and (3) provides for level monthly payments after the Cutoff Date (provided, that the payment in the first
or last month in the life of the Receivable may vary from the level monthly payments) that fully amortize the Amount Financed by maturity
and yield interest at the Annual Percentage Rate or Contract Rate, as applicable.

(ii) Compliance
with Law. To the best of World Omnis knowledge, each Receivable and the sale of the Financed Vehicle complied at the time
it was originated or made and, at the execution of this Agreement, complies in all material respects with all requirements of applicable
federal, state and local laws and regulations thereunder, including usury laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley
Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureaus Regulations B and Z, and State adaptations of the
National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure
laws.

(iii) Binding
Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor, enforceable
by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in
general, and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in
equity).

(iv) No
Government Obligor. No Receivable is due from the United States of America or any State or from any agency, department or instrumentality
of the United States of America or any State.

(v) Security
Interest in Financed Vehicle. Immediately prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof, each Receivable shall be secured by
a validly perfected first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of World Omni as secured party or all necessary
and appropriate actions have been commenced that would result in the valid perfection of a first priority security interest in the Financed
Vehicle in favor of the Depositor as secured party and is assignable by World Omni to the Depositor, by the Depositor to the Issuing
Entity and by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee.

3

(vi) Receivables
in Force. No Receivable has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any Financed Vehicle been released from the Lien granted
by the related Receivable in whole or in part.

(vii) No
Amendments. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any Receivable has been amended such that the amount of the
Obligors scheduled payments has been increased.

(viii) No
Waiver. No provision of a Receivable has been waived, other than a discretionary waiver of a late payment charge or any other fees
that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable or in connection with any extension which is reflected in the
Servicers computer system.

(ix) No
Defenses. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense has
been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable.

(x) No
Liens. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any liens or claims have been filed for work, labor or materials
relating to a Financed Vehicle that are liens prior or equal to the security interest in the Financed Vehicle granted by any Receivable.

(xi) No
Default. No Receivable has a Scheduled Payment for which more than $40 is more than 30 days past due as of the Cutoff Date, and,
except as permitted in this paragraph, the Servicers computer system does not reflect that any default, breach, violation or event
permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable has occurred and is continuing nor that a continuing condition that with notice
or the lapse of time would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable
has arisen; and World Omni has not waived and, except as permitted hereby, shall not waive any of the foregoing.

(xii) Insurance.
Under the terms of each Receivable, the related Obligor is required to maintain physical damage insurance covering the Financed Vehicle
and to have World Omni named as the loss payee.

(xiii) Title.
No Receivable has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged (x) by World Omni to any Person other than the Depositor or (y) by
the Depositor to any Person other than the Issuing Entity.

(xiv) Lawful
Assignment. No Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer and
assignment of such Receivable under this Agreement or the Indenture is unlawful, void or voidable.

4

(xv) One
Authoritative Copy or Original. There is only one authoritative copy of any Receivable constituting electronic
chattel paper as defined in the UCC. There is only one executed original of any Receivable constituting tangible chattel
paper as defined in the UCC.

(xvi) Maturity
of Receivables. Each Receivable has a scheduled maturity date not later than March 12, 2031.

(xvii) Scheduled
Payments. As of the Cutoff Date, each Receivable had a first scheduled due date on or prior to the end of the third month immediately
following the Cutoff Date.

(xviii) Outstanding
Principal Balance. Each Receivable has an outstanding principal balance of at least $500.

(xix) No
Bankruptcies. No Obligor on any Receivable was noted in the Servicers computer system as having filed for bankruptcy.

(xx) No
Repossessions. No Receivable was secured by a Financed Vehicle that had been repossessed without reinstatement of the related contract.

(xxi) Chattel
Paper. Each Receivable constitutes electronic chattel paper or tangible chattel paper as defined in the
UCC.

(xxii) Prepayment.
Each Receivable provides that a prepayment by the related Obligor will fully pay the principal balance and accrued interest through the
date of prepayment based on such Receivables Annual Percentage Rate or Contract Rate, as applicable.

(b) Representations
and Warranties With Respect to the Pool of Receivables. On the Closing Date, World Omni, which sold the Receivables specified in
the SSA Assignment on such date, hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth in Appendix B hereto, and hereby represents
and warrants to the other parties hereto, with respect to such pool of Receivables as of the Cutoff Date:

(i) Schedule
of Receivables. The information set forth in the Schedule of Receivables is true and correct in all material respects as of the close
of business on the Cutoff Date, and no selection procedures believed by World Omni to be adverse to the Noteholders were utilized in
selecting the Receivables. The computer tape or other listing regarding the Receivables made available to the Issuing Entity and its
assigns (which computer tape or other listing is required to be delivered as specified herein) is true and correct in all material respects.

(ii) Title.
Immediately prior to the transfer and assignment contemplated in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, World Omni had good and marketable
title to the Receivables free and clear of all Liens, encumbrances, security interests and rights of others and, immediately upon the
transfer thereof, the Depositor shall have good and marketable title to the Receivables, free and clear of all Liens, encumbrances, security
interests and rights of others; and the transfer has been perfected under the UCC (to the extent a security interest in such property
may be perfected by filing under the applicable UCC) except, in each case, for liens and encumbrances that will be released concurrent
with the transfer of Receivables pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Immediately prior to the transfer and assignment herein
contemplated, the Depositor had good and marketable title to the property conveyed to the Issuing Entity pursuant to Section 2.01
or 2.02 of this Agreement, as applicable, free and clear of all Liens, encumbrances, security interests and rights of others
and, immediately upon the transfer thereof, the Issuing Entity shall have good and marketable title to the Receivables, free and clear
of all Liens, encumbrances, security interests and rights of others; and the transfer has been perfected under the UCC (to the extent
a security interest in such property may be perfected by filing under the applicable UCC).

5

(iii) All
Filings Made. All filings (including UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Issuing Entity a first perfected ownership
interest in the Receivables, and to give the Indenture Trustee a first perfected security interest therein, shall have been made.

(iv) Location
of Receivable Files. The Receivable Files are, and will be, kept at the locations listed in Schedule B or at such other office
or location as shall be specified to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee by written notice prior to any change in location together
with the Opinion of Counsel required by Section 10.02(j).

(v) Computer
Records. World Omni and the Depositor will cause their accounting and computer records to be marked to indicate the sale and assignment
of the Receivables from World Omni to the Depositor and from the Depositor to the Trust.

(vi) Computer
Code. Each of the Receivables is identified on World Omnis computer files by a code indicating the Receivables are owned by
the Trust and pledged to the Indenture Trustee. The Receivables are the only Contracts listed on the Schedule of Receivables, are the
only Contracts identified on World Omnis computer files by such code, and are not identified on World Omnis computer files
by any other code.

Section 3.02 Repurchase
upon Breach; Dispute Resolution.

(a) Investigation
of Breach. If World Omni (i) has knowledge of a breach of a representation or warranty made in Section 3.01(a),
(ii) receives notice from the Depositor, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of a representation
or warranty made in Section 3.01(a), (iii) receives a Repurchase Request from the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee
for a Receivable or (iv) receives a Review Report that indicates a Test Fail for a Receivable, then, in each case, World Omni will
investigate the Receivable to confirm the breach and determine if the breach has a material adverse effect on the Receivable. None of
the Servicer, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer or the Administrator will
have an obligation to investigate whether a breach of any representation or warranty has occurred or whether any Receivable is required
to be repurchased under Section 3.02(b). The Depositor, the Servicer or the Trust, as the case may be, shall inform the other
parties to this Agreement and the Indenture Trustee promptly, in writing, upon the discovery of any breach of World Omnis representations
and warranties made pursuant to Section 3.01(a).

6

(b) Repurchase.
Unless any such breach shall have been cured by the last day of the second Collection Period following the discovery thereof or receipt
of notice thereof by World Omni as described in Section 3.02(a), World Omni shall be obligated to repurchase any Receivable
materially and adversely affected by any such breach as of such last day (or, at World Omnis option, the last day of the first
Collection Period following the discovery) and World Omni shall deliver a revised Schedule of Receivables to the Depositor and the Trust
which shall reflect the repurchase of such Receivables. In consideration of the repurchase of any such Receivable, World Omni shall remit
the Purchase Amount, in the manner specified in Section 5.05. Upon such repurchase, the Issuing Entity will, without further
action, be deemed to have sold and assigned to World Omni all of the Issuing Entitys right, title and interest in the Receivable
repurchased by World Omni under this Section 3.02(b) and all security and documents relating to the Receivable. The
sale will not require any action by the Issuing Entity and will be without recourse, representation or warranty by the Issuing Entity
except the representation that the Issuing Entity owns the Receivable free and clear of any Lien, other than a Lien pursuant to the Basic
Documents. On the sale, the Servicer will mark its receivables systems to indicate that the receivable is no longer a Receivable and
may take any action necessary or advisable to evidence the sale of the receivable, free from any Lien of the Issuing Entity or the Indenture
Trustee. Subject to the provisions of Section 6.03, the sole remedy of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders with respect to a breach of representations and warranties pursuant to Section 3.01(a) and
the agreement contained in this section shall be to require World Omni to repurchase Receivables pursuant to this section, subject to
the conditions contained herein.

(c) Dispute
Resolution.

(i) Referral
to Dispute Resolution. If the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, a Noteholder or a Note Owner (the Requesting
Party) requests that World Omni repurchase a Receivable due to an alleged breach of a representation and warranty in Section 3.01(a) (which
repurchase request shall provide sufficient detail so as to allow World Omni to reasonably investigate the alleged breach of the representations
and warranties in Section 3.01(a); provided that with respect to a repurchase request from a Noteholder or a Note
Owner, such repurchase request shall initially be provided to the Indenture Trustee) (each, a Repurchase Request),
and the Repurchase Request has not been resolved, the alleged breach has not otherwise been cured or the related Receivable has not otherwise
been repurchased, paid-off or otherwise satisfied, within 180 days of the receipt of notice of the Repurchase Request by World Omni,
the Requesting Party may refer the matter, in its discretion, to either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding third-party
arbitration by filing in accordance with ADR Rules and providing a notice to World Omni. The Requesting Party must start the mediation
(including non-binding arbitration) or arbitration proceeding according to the ADR Rules of the ADR Organization within 90 days
after the end of the 180-day period. World Omni agrees to participate in the dispute resolution method selected by the Requesting Party.
However, if the Receivable subject to a Repurchase Request was part of a Review and the Review Report states no Test Fails for the Receivable,
the Repurchase Request for the Receivable will be deemed to have been resolved.

7

(ii) Mediation.
If the Requesting Party selects mediation for dispute resolution:

(A) The
mediation will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are inconsistent with the
procedures for mediation stated in this Section 3.02(c), the procedures in this Section 3.02(c) will control.

(B) A
single mediator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutral mediators maintained by it according to the ADR Rules.
The mediator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least 15 years of experience in
commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters.

(C) The
mediation will start within 15 days after the selection of the mediator and conclude within 30 days after the start of the mediation.

(D) Expenses
of the mediation will be allocated among the parties as mutually agreed by them as part of the mediation.

(E) If
the parties fail to agree at the completion of the mediation, the Requesting Party may refer the Repurchase Request to binding arbitration
under this Section 3.02(c) or may seek adjudication of the Repurchase Request in court.

(iii) Binding
Arbitration. If the Requesting Party selects arbitration for dispute resolution:

(A) The
arbitration will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are inconsistent with the
procedures for arbitration stated in this Section 3.02(c), the procedures in this Section 3.02(c) will control.

(B) A
single arbitrator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutral arbitrators maintained by it according to the ADR Rules.
The arbitrator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least 15 years of experience
in commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters. The arbitrator will be independent
and impartial and will comply with the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes in effect at the time of the arbitration.
Before accepting an appointment, the arbitrator must promptly disclose any circumstances likely to create a reasonable inference of bias
or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the proceedings within the stated time schedule. The arbitrator may be removed
by the ADR Organization for cause consisting of actual bias, conflict of interest or other serious potential for conflict.

8

(C) The
arbitrator will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions, including dispositive and discovery motions, according
to New York law, and will do so at the motion of any party. Discovery will be completed within 30 days of selection of the arbitrator
and will be limited for each party to two witness depositions not to exceed five hours, two interrogatories, one document request and
one request for admissions. However, the arbitrator may grant additional discovery on a showing of good cause that the additional discovery
is reasonable and necessary. Briefs will be limited to no more than ten pages each, and will be limited to initial statements of
the case, motions and a pre-hearing brief. The evidentiary hearing on the merits will start no later than 60 days after selection of
the arbitrator and will proceed for no more than six consecutive Business Days with equal time allocated to each party for the presentation
of evidence and cross examination. The arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and hearings on a showing of good cause or
due to unavoidable delays.

(D) The
arbitrator will make its final determination no later than 90 days after its selection. The arbitrator will resolve the dispute according
to the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and may not modify or change this Agreement or the other Basic Documents
in any way or award remedies not consistent with the Basic Documents. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive damages
or consequential damages in any arbitration conducted by it. In its final determination, the arbitrator will determine and award the
expenses of the arbitration (including filing fees, the fees of the arbitrator, expense of any record or transcript of the arbitration
and administrative fees) to the parties in its reasonable discretion. The determination of the arbitrator will be in writing and counterpart
copies will be promptly delivered to the parties. The determination will be final and non-appealable, except for actions to confirm or
vacate the determination permitted under federal or State law, and may be entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction
over the parties and the matter.

(E) By
selecting binding arbitration, the Requesting Party is giving up the right to sue in court, including the right to a trial by jury.

9

(F) The
Requesting Party may not bring a putative or certificated class action to arbitration. If this waiver of class action rights is found
to be unenforceable for any reason, the Requesting Party agrees that it will bring its claims in a court of competent jurisdiction.

(iv) Additional
Conditions. For each mediation or arbitration:

(A) Any
mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York at the offices of the mediator or arbitrator or at another location selected
by World Omni. Any party or witness may participate by teleconference or video conference.

(B) World
Omni and the Requesting Party will have the right to seek provisional relief from a competent court of law, including a temporary restraining
order, preliminary injunction or attachment order, if such relief is available by law.

(C) Under
no circumstances will the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in its individual capacity be liable for any costs, expenses
or liabilities that could be allocated to the Requesting Party in any mediation or arbitration.

(v) World
Omni will not be required to produce Personally Identifiable Information for purposes of any mediation or arbitration. The existence
and details of any unresolved Repurchase Request, any informal meetings, mediations or arbitration proceedings, the nature and amount
of any relief sought or granted, any offers or statements made and any discovery taken in the proceeding will be confidential, privileged
and inadmissible for any purpose in any other mediation, arbitration, litigation or other proceeding. The parties will keep this information
confidential and will not disclose or discuss it with any third party (other than a partys attorneys, experts, accountants and
other advisors, as reasonably required in connection with the mediation or arbitration proceeding under this Section 3.02(c)),
except as required by law, regulatory requirement or court order. If a party to a mediation or arbitration proceeding receives a subpoena
or other request for information from a third party (other than a governmental regulatory body) for confidential information of the other
party to the mediation or arbitration proceeding, the recipient will promptly notify the other party and will provide the other party
with the opportunity to object to the production of its confidential information.

10

Section 3.03 Custody
of Receivable Files. To assure uniform quality in servicing the Receivables and to reduce administrative costs, the Issuing Entity
hereby revocably appoints the Servicer, and the Servicer hereby accepts such appointment, to act for the benefit of the Issuing Entity
and the Indenture Trustee as custodian of the following documents or instruments which are hereby or will hereby be constructively delivered
to the Indenture Trustee, as pledgee of the Issuing Entity, as of the Closing Date with respect to each Receivable:

(a) in
the case of each Receivable constituting tangible chattel paper, the fully executed original Contract of such Receivable
or, in the case of each Receivable constituting electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy (as such
term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of the electronic Contract of such Receivable;

(b) the
credit application fully executed by the Obligor or such other information as the Servicer may keep on file in accordance with its customary
servicing procedures;

(c) the
original certificate of title or such documents that the Servicer or the Depositor shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary
procedures, evidencing the security interest of World Omni in the Financed Vehicle; and

(d) any
and all other documents that the Servicer or the Depositor shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary procedures, relating
to a Receivable, an Obligor or a Financed Vehicle;

provided,
that the Servicer may appoint one or more agents to act as subcustodians of certain items in the Receivables Files so long as the Servicer
remains primarily responsible for their safekeeping, provided, further, that the Servicer shall not transmit or transfer
the authoritative copy of a Receivable that is in the form of electronic chattel paper to another person.

Section 3.04 Duties
of Servicer as Custodian.

(a) Safekeeping.
The Servicer shall hold the Receivable Files as custodian for the benefit of the Issuing Entity and maintain such accurate and complete
accounts, records and computer systems pertaining to each Receivable File as shall enable the Issuing Entity to comply with this Agreement.
In performing its duties as custodian the Servicer shall act with reasonable care, using that degree of skill and attention that the
Servicer exercises with respect to the receivable files relating to all comparable automotive receivables that the Servicer services
for itself or others. The Servicer covenants and agrees that it shall hold the Receivable Files in such a manner as to prevent any other
Person from obtaining control of any electronic chattel paper included therein (as such terms are used in
section 9-105 of the UCC). The Servicer shall promptly report to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee any failure on its part
to hold the Receivable Files and maintain its accounts, records and computer systems as herein provided and shall promptly take appropriate
action to remedy any such failure. Nothing herein shall be deemed to require an initial review or any periodic review by the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee of the Receivable Files.

(b) Maintenance
of and Access to Records. The Servicer shall maintain each Receivable File at one of its offices, or at such other location, in each
case as specified in Schedule B or at such other office or location of the Servicer or a third-party agent retained by the Servicer
as shall be specified to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee by written notice prior to any change in location together with
the Opinion of Counsel required by Section 10.02(j).

11

The Servicer shall provide
to the Indenture Trustee and, following the receipt of a Review Notice, the Asset Representation Reviewer, access to any and all documentation
regarding the Receivables in such cases where the Indenture Trustee is required in connection with the enforcement of the rights of the
Noteholders, or by applicable statutes or regulations to review such documentation or the Asset Representations Reviewer is obligated
to conduct a Review, as applicable, such access being afforded without charge but only (a) upon reasonable request, (b) during
normal business hours, (c) subject to the Servicers normal security and confidentiality procedures and (d) at offices
designated by the Servicer. Nothing in this Section 3.04(b) shall derogate from the obligation of the Servicer, the
Indenture Trustee or the Asset Representation Reviewer to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding
the Obligors and the failure of the Servicer to provide access as provided in this Section 3.04(b) as a result of such
obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section 3.04(b).

(c) Release
of Documents. Upon instruction from the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer shall release any Receivable File to the Indenture Trustee,
the Indenture Trustees agent or the Indenture Trustees designee, as the case may be, at such place or places as the Indenture
Trustee may designate, as soon as practicable, after receipt of such instruction.

Section 3.05 Instructions;
Authority to Act. The Servicer shall be deemed to have received proper instructions with respect to the Receivable Files upon its
receipt of written instructions signed by a Trust Officer of the Indenture Trustee.

Section 3.06 Custodians
Indemnification. The Servicer as custodian shall indemnify the Trust, the Owner Trustee, and the Indenture Trustee and each of their
respective officers, directors, employees and agents for any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, compensatory damages, payments,
costs or expenses of any kind whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Trust, the Owner Trustee, or the
Indenture Trustee or any of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents as the result of any improper act or omission
in any way relating to the maintenance and custody by the Servicer as custodian of the Receivable Files, including, but not limited to,
the cost of defending any claim or bringing any claim to enforce such indemnification or other obligations of the Servicer; provided,
however, that the Servicer shall not be liable to the Owner Trustee for any portion of any such amount resulting from the willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence of the Owner Trustee, and the Servicer shall not be liable to the Indenture Trustee for any portion of any such
amount resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence of the Indenture Trustee.

Section 3.07 Effective
Period and Termination. The Servicers appointment as custodian shall become effective as of the Cutoff Date and shall continue
in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Section. If World Omni shall resign as Servicer in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement or if all of the rights and obligations of any Servicer shall have been terminated under Section 8.01, the appointment
of such Servicer as custodian may be terminated by the Indenture Trustee or by the Holders of the Controlling Securities evidencing not
less than 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities or, with the consent of Holders of the Controlling Securities evidencing
not less than 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, by the Owner Trustee, in the same manner as the Indenture
Trustee or such Holders may terminate the rights and obligations of the Servicer under Section 8.01. As soon as practicable after
any termination of such appointment, the Servicer shall deliver the Receivable Files to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustees
agent at such place or places as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably designate; provided, however, that with respect to authoritative
copies of the Receivables constituting electronic chattel paper, (a) if the Servicers appointment as
custodian has been terminated in connection with the resignation or termination of the Servicer as servicer, the custodian shall transfer
such authoritative copies to the successor Servicer or (b) otherwise, unless otherwise instructed by the Indenture
Trustee, such authoritative copies shall be transferred to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustees designee.
In each case, if necessary, an authorized representative of World Omni shall use commercially reasonable efforts to convert an authoritative
copy into tangible form by permanently removing such electronic authoritative copy from World Omnis electronic vaulting system
and causing a contract in tangible form to be printed as the tangible authoritative copy that constitutes original tangible chattel paper
for purposes of the UCC, and shall deliver such tangible authoritative copy to the successor Servicer or to the Indenture Trustee or
the Indenture Trustees designee at the place or places as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably designate.

12

Article IV

ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES

Section 4.01 Duties
of Servicer. The Servicer, for the benefit of the Issuing Entity (to the extent provided herein), shall manage, service, administer
and receive collections on the Receivables (other than Purchased Receivables) with reasonable care, using that degree of skill and attention
that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable automotive receivables that it services for itself or others. The Servicers
duties shall include collection and posting of all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors on such Receivables, investigating delinquencies,
sending invoices to Obligors, reporting tax information to Obligors, accounting for collections, paying the fee of the Administrator
out of its own funds pursuant to Section 1.03 of the Administration Agreement and furnishing a Servicers Certificate to the
Indenture Trustee. Subject to the provisions of Section 4.02, the Servicer shall follow its customary standards, policies and procedures
in performing its duties as Servicer. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer is authorized and empowered to execute
and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders and the Noteholders
or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable
instruments, with respect to such Receivables or to the Financed Vehicles securing such Receivables. If the Servicer shall commence a
legal proceeding to enforce a Receivable, the Issuing Entity (in the case of a Receivable other than a Purchased Receivable) shall thereupon
be deemed to have automatically assigned, solely for the purpose of collection, such Receivable to the Servicer. If in any enforcement
suit or legal proceeding it shall be held that the Servicer may not enforce a Receivable on the ground that it shall not be a real party
in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such Receivable, the Owner Trustee shall on behalf of the Issuing Entity, at the Servicers
expense and direction, take steps to enforce such Receivable, including bringing suit in its name or the name of the Owner Trustee, the
Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders or the Noteholders. The Owner Trustee shall upon the written request of the Servicer furnish
the Servicer with any powers of attorney and other documents, in forms provided to it, reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable
the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder.

13

Section 4.02 Collection
and Allocation of Receivable Payments. The Servicer shall make reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the terms
and provisions of the Receivables as and when the same shall become due and shall follow such collection procedures as it follows with
respect to all comparable automotive receivables that it services for itself or others. The Servicer shall allocate collections as set
forth in Section 5.03. The Servicer may grant extensions, rebates or adjustments on a Receivable, which shall not, for the purposes
of this Agreement, modify the day of the month on which payment is due (except in connection with a limited number of accommodations
for Obligors of occasional requests in accordance with the Servicers customary servicing procedures) or change the method under
which scheduled payments of interest are computed on such Receivable; provided, however, that if the Servicer extends the date for final
payment by the Obligor of any Receivable beyond the month immediately preceding the month in which the Final Scheduled Payment Date for
the Class C Notes occurs, the Servicer shall purchase any such Receivable as of the earlier of (a) the last day of the second
Collection Period following the date of such extension (or, at the Servicers election, the last day of the first following Collection
Period) and (b) the last day of the month immediately preceding the month in which the Final Scheduled Payment Date for the Class C
Notes occurs, in each case in accordance with the terms of Section 4.07(b). The Servicer shall not retain any fees in connection
with any extension of a Receivable but shall instead deposit such fees into the Collection Account within two Business Days of receipt
(including receipt of proper instructions regarding where to allocate such payment) unless the Servicer is making deposits on a monthly
basis as permitted under Section 5.02. The Servicer may in its discretion waive any late payment charge or any other fees that may
be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable. The Servicer shall not agree to any alteration of the interest rate or
the originally scheduled payments on any Receivable, other than as provided herein or as required by law.

Section 4.03 Realization
upon Receivables. On behalf of the Issuing Entity, the Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its customary
servicing procedures, to repossess or otherwise convert the ownership of the Financed Vehicle securing any Receivable as to which the
Servicer shall have determined eventual payment in full is unlikely. The Servicer shall follow such customary and usual practices and
procedures as it shall deem necessary or advisable in its servicing of automotive receivables, which may include selling the Financed
Vehicle at public or private sale. The Servicer is hereby authorized to exercise its discretion, consistent with its customary servicing
procedures and the terms of this Agreement, in servicing Defaulted Receivables so as to maximize the realization of those Defaulted Receivables,
including the discretion to choose to sell or not to sell any of the Defaulted Receivables. The Servicer shall not be liable for any
such exercise of its discretion made in good faith.

Section 4.04 Physical
Damage Insurance. To the extent applicable, the Servicer shall not take any action that would result in noncoverage under such physical
damage insurance policy which, but for the actions of the Servicer, would have been covered thereunder. Any amounts collected by the
Servicer under any physical damage insurance policy shall be deposited in the Collection Account pursuant to Section 5.02. The parties
hereto acknowledge that the Servicer shall not force place any insurance coverage.

14

Section 4.05 Maintenance
of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles. The Servicer shall, in accordance with its customary servicing procedures, take such
steps as are necessary to maintain perfection of the security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle. The
Servicer is hereby authorized to take such steps as are necessary to re-perfect such security interest on behalf of the Issuing Entity
and the Indenture Trustee in the event of the relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for any other reason.

Section 4.06 Covenants
of Servicer. The Servicer shall not release the Financed Vehicle securing any Receivable from the security interest granted by such
Receivable in whole or in part except in the event of (i) payment by the Obligor (a) in full or (b) in part with a remaining
total payment shortage amount which, according to the Servicers customary procedures, does not exceed the amount of total payment
shortage that would permit the Servicer to release the related Financed Vehicle from the security interest or (ii) repossession,
nor shall the Servicer impair the rights of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders or the Noteholders in such
Receivable.

Section 4.07 Purchase
of Receivables Upon Breach or Extension Beyond Final Scheduled Payment Date.

(a) The
Servicer or the Trust shall inform the other party and a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor promptly, in
writing, upon the discovery of any breach pursuant to Section 4.02, 4.05, 4.06 or 7.01. Unless the breach
shall have been cured by the last day of the second Collection Period following such discovery or written notice (or, at the Servicers
election, the last day of the first following Collection Period), the Servicer shall purchase any Receivable materially and adversely
affected by such breach as of such last day.

(b) In
consideration of the purchase of any Receivable pursuant to Section 4.02 or Section 4.07(a), the Servicer shall
remit the Purchase Amount in the manner specified in Section 5.05, and the Servicer shall deliver a revised Schedule of Receivables
to the Depositor and the Trust, which shall reflect the repurchase of such Receivables. Subject to Section 7.02, the sole
remedy of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders or the Noteholders with respect to a breach
pursuant to Section 4.02, 4.05, 4.06 or 7.01 or the extension of a Receivable beyond the month immediately
preceding the month in which the Final Scheduled Payment Date for the Class C Notes occurs under Section 4.02 shall
be to require the Servicer to purchase such Receivables. None of the Servicer, the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee,
the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Seller, the Depositor or the Administrator will have an obligation to investigate whether a breach,
extension or other event has occurred that would require the purchase of any Receivable under Section 4.02 or Section 4.07(a) or
whether any Receivable is required to be purchased under Section 4.02 or Section 4.07(a).

Section 4.08 Servicing
Fee. The Servicing Fee for a Payment Date shall equal the product of (a) one-twelfth, (b) the Servicing Fee Rate and (c) the
aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the first day of the related Collection Period; provided, however, that the Servicing
Fee on the initial Payment Date shall be prorated to compensate for the length of the initial Collection Period being longer than one
month. The Servicer shall also be entitled to all Supplemental Servicing Fees collected (from whatever source) on the Receivables, the
amount of any Servicing Fee due but not distributed to the Servicer on a prior Payment Date (including any amounts previously deferred
by the Servicer as provided in this Section 4.08) plus any reimbursement pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 7.02. The
Servicer may, as long as it believes that sufficient collections will be available from interest collections on one or more future Payment
Dates to pay the Servicing Fee, by notice to the Indenture Trustee on or before a Payment Date, elect to defer all or a portion of the
Servicing Fee with respect to the related Collection Period, without interest. If the Servicer defers all of the Servicing Fee, the Servicing
Fee for such related Collection Period will be deemed to equal zero.

15

Section 4.09 Servicers
Certificate. On or prior to the close of business on each Payment Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver a Servicers
Certificate pursuant to Section 5.08. Receivables to be purchased by the Servicer or to be repurchased by World Omni or the Depositor
shall be identified by the Servicer by account number or asset number with respect to such Receivable (as specified in the Schedule of
Receivables). For the avoidance of doubt, such information shall include any Benchmark related information required pursuant to Section 8.03
of the Indenture.

Section 4.10 Annual
Statement as to Compliance; Item 1122 Servicing Criteria Assessment; Notice of Default.

(a) To
the extent required by Regulation AB, the Servicer shall deliver (and shall cause each of its Reporting Subcontractors, if any, to deliver)
to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee on or before the date that is 90 days after the end of each calendar year, commencing
with the calendar year ended December 31, 2025, an Officers Certificate as required under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, dated
as of December 31 of the preceding year, stating that (i) a review of the activities of the Servicer during the preceding calendar
year (or such shorter period as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date) and of its performance under this Agreement has been made
under such officers supervision and (ii) to the best of such officers knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer
has fulfilled all its obligations under this Agreement in all material respects throughout such reporting period, or, if there has been
a failure to fulfill any such obligation in any material respect, specifying each such failure known to such officer and the nature and
status thereof. The Servicer shall send a copy of such certificate and the report referred to in Section 4.11 to the Rating
Agencies. A copy of such certificate and the report referred to in Section 4.11 may be obtained by any Certificateholder
or Noteholder by a request in writing to the Indenture Trustee addressed to the Corporate Trust Office. Upon the request of the Owner
Trustee, the Indenture Trustee will promptly furnish the Owner Trustee a list of Noteholders as of the date specified by the Owner Trustee.

(b) The
Servicer shall deliver to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, on or before the date that is 90 days after the end of each calendar
year, commencing with the calendar year ended December 31, 2025, a report, dated as of December 31 (or other applicable date)
of the preceding year, regarding the Servicers assessment of compliance with the Servicing Criteria during the immediately preceding
calendar year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance identified by the Servicer, as described in Rule 13a-18
and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Deliveries pursuant to this Section 4.10(b) may be delivered
by electronic mail.

16

(c) The
Servicer shall deliver to the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies, promptly after having obtained knowledge
thereof, but in no event later than five (5) Business Days thereafter, unless such default shall have been cured prior to such date,
written notice in an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become
a Servicer Default under Section 8.01(a) or (b).

Section 4.11 Annual
Independent Certified Public Accountants Report. The Servicer shall cause a firm of independent certified public accountants,
who may also render other services to the Servicer or to its Affiliates, to deliver to the Servicer (who shall promptly provide the assessment
described in this Section 4.11 to the Rating Agencies), the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee and, on or before the date that
is 90 days after the end of the Servicers fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, a report,
dated as of December 31 of the preceding fiscal year, addressed to the board of directors of the Servicer, providing its assessment
of compliance with the Servicing Criteria during the preceding fiscal year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance,
as described in Rule 13a-18 or Rule 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Item 1122(b) of Regulation AB. Such attestation
shall be in accordance with Rule 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.
Deliveries pursuant to this Section 4.11 may be delivered by electronic mail.

Section 4.12 Access
to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables. The Servicer shall provide to the Certificateholders and Noteholders
access to the Receivable Files in such cases where the Certificateholders or Noteholders shall be required by applicable statutes or
regulations to review such documentation. Access shall be afforded without charge, but only upon reasonable request and during the normal
business hours at the offices of the Servicer. Nothing in this Section shall affect the obligation of the Servicer to observe any
applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors and the failure of the Servicer to provide access to information
as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this section.

Section 4.13 Servicer
Expenses. The Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder, including
fees and disbursements of independent accountants, taxes imposed on the Servicer and expenses incurred in connection with distributions
and reports to Certificateholders and Noteholders.

Section 4.14 Appointment
of Subservicer. The Servicer may at any time appoint a subservicer to perform all or any portion of its obligations as Servicer hereunder;
provided, however, that the Servicer shall remain obligated and be liable to the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee,
the Certificateholders and the Noteholders for the servicing and administering of the Receivables in accordance with the provisions hereof
without diminution of such obligation and liability by virtue of the appointment of such subservicer and to the same extent and under
the same terms and conditions as if the Servicer alone were servicing and administering the Receivables. The fees and expenses of the
subservicer shall be as agreed between the Servicer and its subservicer from time to time, and none of the Issuing Entity, the Owner
Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders or the Noteholders shall have any responsibility therefor. The Servicer shall
give the Indenture Trustee written notice of any subservicer appointed hereunder.

17

Section 4.15 Communications
Between Noteholders. The Servicer will comply with its obligations under Section 7.02(e) of the Indenture to include in
the Form 10-D filed by the Issuing Entity with the Commission for the Collection Period the information described in such Section.
The Servicer will bear any costs associated with including any such communication in such Form 10-D.

Section 4.16 Exchange
Act Certifications. To the extent permitted by Exchange Act Rules, the Servicer shall prepare, execute, file and deliver on behalf
of the Issuing Entity any certification or other instrument as required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14.

Article V

TRUST ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO CERTIFICATEHOLDERS AND NOTEHOLDERS

Section 5.01 Establishment
of Trust Accounts.

(a) (i) The
Servicer, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders, shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account
Bank and in the name of the Indenture Trustee, an Eligible Deposit Account (the Collection Account), bearing a designation
clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders.

(ii) The
Servicer, for the benefit of the Noteholders, shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account Bank and in the name of the
Indenture Trustee, an Eligible Deposit Account (the Note Distribution Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating
that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders.

(iii) The
Servicer, for the benefit of the Issuing Entity, shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account Bank and in the name of
the Issuing Entity, an Eligible Deposit Account (the Reserve Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating
that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Issuing Entity.

(b) Funds
on deposit in the Collection Account, the Note Distribution Account and the Reserve Account (collectively the Trust Accounts)
shall be invested by the Account Bank on behalf of the Indenture Trustee in Eligible Investments, selected by the Servicer; provided,
that, funds on deposit in the Reserve Account shall be invested only in Eligible Investments meeting the requirements of 246.4(b)(2) of
Regulation RR, as determined solely by the Servicer. In the absence of written direction from the Servicer, such funds shall be invested
or remain uninvested, in accordance with Section 8.04 of the Indenture. All such Eligible Investments shall be held by the Account
Bank on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Certificateholders and the Issuing Entity, as applicable;
provided, that on each Payment Determination Date all interest and other Investment Earnings on funds on deposit in the
Trust Accounts shall be deposited into the Collection Account and shall be deemed to constitute a portion of Available Funds for the
related Payment Date. Other than as permitted by the Rating Agencies, funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Reserve Account
and the Note Distribution Account shall be invested in Eligible Investments that will mature (A) not later than the Business Day
immediately preceding the next Payment Date or (B) on or before 10:00 a.m. on such next Payment Date if such investment is
held in the corporate trust department of the institution with which the Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Note Distribution
Account, as applicable, is then maintained and is invested either (i) in a time deposit of the Indenture Trustee rated at least
A-1 by S&P and F1 or A by Fitch (such account being maintained within the corporate trust department of the Indenture Trustee), (ii) in
the Indenture Trustees common trust fund so long as such fund is rated in the highest applicable rating category by S&P and
Fitch or (iii) in Eligible Investments specified in clauses (b), (g) or (i) of the definition thereof;
and provided that all such Eligible Investments shall be held to maturity (to the extent such Eligible Investment has an applicable maturity
date) and be available for redemption and use by the Indenture Trustee on or prior to the relevant Payment Date. Moreover, the Servicer
shall not direct the Indenture Trustee to invest funds in the Trust Accounts in any Eligible Investment that would not mature or be capable
of being liquidated on or prior to the relevant Payment Date. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be held liable for investment losses
in Eligible Investments pursuant to this Section 5.01, except in its capacity as obligor thereunder. Except as otherwise
provided hereunder or agreed in writing among the parties hereto, the Servicer shall retain the authority to institute, participate and
join in any plan of reorganization, readjustment, merger or consolidation with respect to the issuer of any Eligible Investments held
hereunder, and, in general, to exercise each and every other power or right with respect to each such asset or investment as individuals
generally have and enjoy with respect to their own assets and investment, including power to vote upon any securities.

18

(c) (i) The
Indenture Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and in
all proceeds thereof (including all income thereon) and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be part of the Trust Estate.
The Account Bank hereby agrees that the Trust Accounts (other than the Reserve Account) shall be under the sole dominion and control
of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders, as the case may be. The Account Bank further
agrees that Reserve Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Indenture Trustee in the name of and for the benefit
of the Issuing Entity which such Reserve Account has been pledged by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders. All of the Depositors right, title and interest to the Reserve Account has been conveyed by the Depositor to the
Issuing Entity pursuant to Section 2.01(e) hereof, including, all funds on deposit from time to time, and all investments,
proceeds and income thereof. The Depositor hereby grants to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit
of the Noteholders, all of the Depositors right, title and interest in, to and under, whether now owned or existing or hereafter
acquired or arising, the Reserve Account and all proceeds thereof. If, at any time, any of the Trust Accounts ceases to be an Eligible
Deposit Account, the Servicer (upon written notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Account Bank that such account no longer qualifies)
shall within 10 Business Days (or such longer period, not to exceed 30 calendar days, as to which each Rating Agency may consent) establish
a new Trust Account as an Eligible Deposit Account and shall cause the Indenture Trustee, who shall instruct the Account Bank, to transfer
any cash and/or any investments to such new Trust Account. The Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank or the other Person holding the Trust
Accounts as provided in this Section 5.01(c)(i) shall be the Securities Intermediary. If the Securities
Intermediary shall be a Person other than the Indenture Trustee or the Account Bank, the Servicer shall obtain the express agreement
of such Person to the obligations of the Securities Intermediary set forth in this Section 5.01.

19

(ii) With
respect to the Trust Account Property, the Securities Intermediary agrees, by its acceptance hereof, that:

(A) The
Trust Accounts are accounts to which Financial Assets will be credited.

(B) All
securities or other property underlying any Financial Assets credited to the Trust Accounts shall be registered in the name of the Securities
Intermediary, indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank or credited to another securities account maintained in the name of
the Securities Intermediary and in no case will any Financial Asset credited to any of the Trust Accounts be registered in the name of
the Trust, the Servicer or the Depositor, payable to the order of the Trust, the Servicer or the Depositor or specially indorsed to the
Owner Trustee, the Servicer or the Depositor except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed to the Securities Intermediary
or in blank.

(C) All
property delivered to the Securities Intermediary pursuant to this Agreement will be promptly credited to the appropriate Trust Account.

(D) Each
item of property (whether investment property, Financial Asset, security, instrument or cash) credited to a Trust Account shall be treated
as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the New York UCC.

(E) If
at any time the Securities Intermediary shall receive any order from the Indenture Trustee directing transfer or redemption of any Financial
Asset relating to the Trust Accounts, the Securities Intermediary shall comply with such entitlement order without further consent by
the Trust, the Servicer, the Depositor or any other Person.

(F) The
Trust Accounts shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, regardless of any provision in any other agreement. For purposes
of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the Securities Intermediarys jurisdiction and the Trust Accounts (as well as the securities
entitlements (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC) related thereto) shall be governed by the laws of the State of New
York.

(G) The
Securities Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with any
other person relating to the Trust Accounts and/or any Financial Assets credited thereto pursuant to which it has agreed to comply with
entitlement orders (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the New York UCC) of such other person and the Securities Intermediary
has not entered into, and until the termination of this Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with the Trust, the Depositor, the
Servicer or the Indenture Trustee purporting to limit or condition the obligation of the Securities Intermediary to comply with entitlement
orders as set forth in Section 5.01(c)(ii)(E) hereof.

20

(H) Except
for the claims and interest of the Indenture Trustee and of the Trust in the Trust Accounts, the Securities Intermediary knows of no
claim to, or interest in, the Trust Accounts or in any Financial Asset credited thereto. If any other person asserts any lien, encumbrance
or adverse claim (including any writ, garnishment, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process) against the Trust Accounts
or in any Financial Asset carried therein, the Securities Intermediary will promptly notify the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer and the
Trust thereof.

(I) The
Securities Intermediary will promptly send copies of all statements, confirmations and other correspondence concerning the Trust Accounts
and/or any Trust Account Property simultaneously to each of the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee.

(J) The
Securities Intermediary shall treat the Indenture Trustee as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each Financial Asset credited
to any Trust Account.

(K) Each
item of property credited to each Trust Account shall not be subject to, and the Securities Intermediary hereby waives, any security
interest, lien, claim, encumbrance, or right of setoff in favor of the Securities Intermediary or anyone claiming through the Securities
Intermediary (other than the Indenture Trustee).

(iii) The
Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Indenture Trustee or by the Owner Trustee with the consent of the Indenture Trustee,
to instruct the Indenture Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from the Trust Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer
or the Owner Trustee to carry out its respective duties hereunder or permitting the Indenture Trustee to carry out its duties under the
Indenture.

Section 5.02 Collections.
The Servicer shall remit to the Collection Account (and post such amounts to its records) within two Business Days of receipt and identification
of payment (including receipt of proper instructions regarding where to allocate such payment) all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors
with respect to the Receivables (other than Purchased Receivables) and all Recoveries, both as collected during the Collection Period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, the Servicer shall not be required to remit
such collections on a daily basis, but may retain such collections without segregation and remit such collections with respect to the
preceding calendar month to the Collection Account on the Payment Determination Date immediately preceding the related Payment Date.
In the event that the Servicer is remitting collections on a monthly basis and the Monthly Remittance Condition shall no longer be satisfied,
within 14 Business Days after such event (the Servicer shall be permitted to continue monthly remittances during such 14-Business Day
period), the Servicer shall resume remitting such collections to the Collection Account within two Business Days after receipt and identification
of payment (including proper instructions regarding where to allocate such payment), unless the Servicer shall satisfy the Rating Agency
Condition with respect to continuing monthly remittances. For purposes of this Article V the phrase payments by or on behalf
of Obligors shall mean payments made with respect to the Receivables by Persons other than the Servicer or the Depositor.

21

Section 5.03 Application
of Collections. With respect to each Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable), payments by or on behalf of the Obligor shall
be applied to interest and principal in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

Section 5.04 [Reserved].

Section 5.05 Additional
Deposits. The Servicer and the Depositor shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Collection Account the aggregate Purchase
Amount with respect to Purchased Receivables and the Servicer shall deposit therein all amounts to be paid under Section 9.01. The
Servicer will deposit the aggregate Purchase Amount with respect to Purchased Receivables when such obligations are due. All such deposits
shall be made on the Payment Determination Date for the related Collection Period.

Section 5.06 Distributions.

(i) On
or prior to the close of business on each Payment Determination Date, the Servicer shall calculate (A) all amounts required to be
deposited in the Note Distribution Account, and (B) all amounts required to be distributed to the Certificateholders.

(ii) Except
as otherwise provided in clause (iii) below, on each Payment Date, the Servicer, based on the information contained in the
Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Payment Determination Date pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof, shall instruct
the Indenture Trustee to make the following deposits and distributions in the following order of priority, in each case, to the extent
of Available Funds, if any, remaining after application thereof pursuant to prior clauses:

(A) to
the Asset Representations Reviewer, all fees, expenses and indemnities due to the Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations
Review Agreement and not previously paid by the Servicer, up to a maximum of $150,000 per calendar year;

(B) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Class A Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount;

(C) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Noteholders First Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

22

(D) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount;

(E) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Noteholders Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(F) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Class C Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount;

(G) to
the Note Distribution Account, the Noteholders Third Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(H) to
the Reserve Account, the amount necessary to reinstate the balance in the Reserve Account up to the Required Reserve Amount;

(I) to
the Note Distribution Account, an amount equal to the Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount minus any amounts allocated to
the Note Distribution Account pursuant to clauses (C), (E) and (G) above;

(J) to
the Asset Representations Reviewer, all fees, expenses and indemnities due to the Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations
Review Agreement but not paid pursuant to clause (A) above; and

(K) to
the Certificateholders, any remaining amounts; provided the Indenture Trustee has not received written instruction from the Certificateholders
of 100% percentage interest in the Certificates to redeposit all or a portion of such Available Funds due such Certificateholders into
the Collection Account.

The Holders of 100% Percentage Interest of the
Certificates will have the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion, to instruct the Indenture Trustee in writing on or
prior to the close of business on the related Payment Determination Date to retain in the Collection Account all or a portion of distributions
otherwise payable to them pursuant to clause (K) above. If the Certificateholders make this election, these amounts will
be treated as collections during the then current Collection Period and the Certificateholders will have no claim to such amounts (unless
distributed on a subsequent Payment Date pursuant to clause (K) above).

(iii) In
the event Notes are declared to be due and payable following the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Indenture, Available Funds
will be distributed in the following order of priority:

(A) to
the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer, all fees, expenses and indemnities due to each such
party in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents and not previously paid by the Servicer or the Administrator, as applicable,
on a pro rata basis based on amounts due and payable to each party;

23

(B) to
the Holders of the Class A Notes, pro rata, the aggregate accrued and unpaid interest on each Class of the Class A Notes;

(C) to
the Holders of the Class A-1 Notes, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Notes, and then to the Holders of the Class A-2
Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, pro rata, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Notes;

(D) to
the Holders of the Class B Notes, the accrued and unpaid interest on the Class B Notes;

(E) to
the Holders of the Class B Notes, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class B Notes;

(F) to
the Holders of the Class C Notes, the accrued and unpaid interest on the Class C Notes;

(G) to
the Holders of the Class C Notes, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class C Notes; and

(H) to
the Certificateholders, any remaining amounts.

Section 5.07 Reserve
Account.

(a) On
the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will deposit, on behalf of the Depositor, the Reserve Account Initial Deposit into the Reserve
Account.

(b) If
the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account on any Payment Date (after giving effect to all deposits thereto or withdrawals therefrom
on such Payment Date) is greater than the Required Reserve Amount for such Payment Date, the Servicer, based on the information contained
in the Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Payment Determination Date pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof,
shall instruct the Indenture Trustee in writing to withdraw such amount from the Reserve Account and apply it as Available Funds for
such Payment Date; provided that, amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account shall only be used in the manner permitted under
246.4(b)(3) of Regulation RR, as determined solely by the Servicer.

(c) In
the event that the Total Available Funds for a Payment Date are not sufficient to make the full amount of the payments and deposits required
pursuant to Sections 5.06(ii)(A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F) and (G) on such
Payment Date, the Servicer, based on the information contained in the Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Payment Determination
Date pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof, shall instruct the Indenture Trustee to withdraw from the Reserve Account on such Payment
Date an amount equal to such shortfall, to the extent of funds available therein, and pay or deposit such amount according to the priorities
set forth in Section 5.06(ii). In addition, amounts will be withdrawn from the Reserve Account as provided in Section 8.02(c) and
(d) of the Indenture. Amounts withdrawn from the Reserve Account shall only be used in the manner permitted under 246.4(b)(3) of
Regulation RR, as determined solely by the Servicer.

24

(d) Subject
to Section 9.01, amounts will continue to be applied pursuant to Section 5.06 following payment in full of the
Outstanding Amount of the Notes until the Pool Balance is reduced to zero. Following the payment in full of the aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the Notes and of all other amounts owing or to be distributed hereunder or under the Indenture or the Trust Agreement to Noteholders,
and the final distribution to the Certificateholders, in accordance with the instructions of the Servicer (based on the information contained
in the Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Payment Determination Date pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof),
the Indenture Trustee shall distribute any remaining funds in the Reserve Account to the Depositor.

Section 5.08 Statements
to Noteholders and Certificateholders. On or prior to the close of business on each Payment Determination Date, the Servicer shall
provide to the Indenture Trustee (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) for the Indenture Trustee to post on its internet website pursuant
to Section 6.06 of the Indenture, the Servicers Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B, setting forth at
least the following information as to the Notes, to the extent applicable:

(a) the
amount of such distribution allocable to principal allocable to each Class of Notes;

(b) the
amount of such distribution allocable to interest allocable to each Class of Notes;

(c) the
Outstanding Amount of each Class of Notes and the Note Pool Factor for each such Class as of the close of business on the last
day of the preceding Collection Period;

(d) the
amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the Servicer with respect to the related Collection Period, the amount of any unpaid Servicing Fee
and the change in such amount from the prior Payment Date;

(e) the
balance of the Reserve Account on such Payment Determination Date before and after giving effect to deposits and withdrawals to be made
on the immediate following Payment Date, if any;

(f) the
amount, if any, distributed to Noteholders and Certificateholders from amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account or from other forms
of credit enhancement;

(g) the
Pool Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period, before and after giving effect to payments
allocated to principal reported under clause (a) above;

(h) the
Class A Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall;

(i) the
Class B Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall;

(j) the
Class C Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall;

25

(k) the
number of Receivables purchased by, and the aggregate Purchase Amount paid by, World Omni or the Servicer with respect to the related
Collection Period;

(l) delinquency
information relating to the Receivables which has a payment of more than $40 that is more than 30, 60, 90 or 120 days delinquent;

(m) the
aggregate amount of Receivables which have become Defaulted Receivables during the preceding Collection Period;

(n) the
amount, if any, distributed to the Certificateholders;

(o) the
Noteholders First Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(p) the
Noteholders Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(q) the
Noteholders Third Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(r) the
Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount;

(s) the
Overcollateralization Target Amount for the immediately following Payment Date;

(t) the
number and dollar amount of Receivables at the beginning and end of the applicable Collection Period, and the weighted average Contract
Rate and weighted average remaining term of the Receivables held by the Trust;

(u) delinquency
and loss information for the applicable Collection Period and any material changes in determining or defining delinquencies, charge-offs
and uncollectible accounts;

(v) material
breaches of pool asset representations and warranties or transaction covenants;

(w) any
material modifications, extensions or waivers relating to the terms of or fees, penalties or payments on, pool assets during the distribution
period or that, cumulatively, have become material over time;

(x) the
Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount for the related Payment Date;

(y) a
material change in World Omni or the Depositors retained interest in the Notes or Certificates;

(z) the
Interest Rate (including the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable) for each Class of Notes for the related Payment
Date; and

(aa) any
SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

26

Each amount set forth on the Servicers
Certificate under clauses (a), (b), (h), (i), (j), (o), (p), (q) and (r) above
shall be expressed as a dollar amount per $1,000 of original principal amount of a Note. Deliveries pursuant to this Section 5.08
may be delivered by electronic mail.

Upon determination by the Administrator (on behalf
of the Issuing Entity) of a Benchmark Replacement or the making of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Administrator shall
also cause the Servicer to include any information regarding the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
and such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, or SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes provided by the Administrator (on behalf of
the Issuing Entity).

Section 5.09 Net
Deposits. As an administrative convenience, the Servicer will be permitted to make the deposit of collections on the Receivables
and Purchase Amounts for or with respect to the Collection Period net of distributions (including without limitation the Servicing Fee)
to be made to the Servicer with respect to the Collection Period. The Servicer, however, will account to the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders as if all deposits, distributions and transfers were made individually.

Section 5.10 Transfer
of Certificates. In the event any Certificateholder shall wish to transfer such Certificate, the Depositor shall provide to such
Certificateholder and any prospective transferee designated by such Certificateholder information regarding the Certificates and the
Receivables and such other information as shall be necessary to satisfy the condition to eligibility set forth in Rule 144A(d)(4) for
transfer of any such Certificate without registration thereof under the Securities Act, pursuant to the exemption from registration provided
by Rule 144A.

Article VI

THE DEPOSITOR

Section 6.01 Representations
of Depositor. The Depositor makes the following representations on which the Issuing Entity is deemed to have relied in acquiring
the Receivables. The representations speak as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Issuing Entity
and the pledge thereof to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) Organization
and Good Standing. The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties
are currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, the requisite power, authority
and legal right to acquire and own the Receivables.

(b) Due
Qualification. The Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has obtained
all necessary material licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its
business shall require such qualifications, except where the failure to be so qualified or to have obtained such licenses or approvals
would not have a material adverse effect on the Depositors earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

27

(c) Power
and Authority. The Depositor has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms;
the Depositor has full power and authority to sell and assign the property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Issuing
Entity, and the Depositor shall have duly authorized such sale and assignment to the Issuing Entity by all necessary action; and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary action.

(d) Binding
Obligation. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against the Depositor in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and except as such
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity).

(e) No
Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not (i) conflict
with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under,
the limited liability company agreement or bylaws of the Depositor; (ii) breach, conflict with or violate any of the material terms
or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument
to which the Depositor is a party or by which it is bound; (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its
properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to this Agreement and the
Basic Documents); or, (iv) to the best of the Depositors knowledge, violate any order, rule or regulation applicable
to the Depositor of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality
having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv),
for such breaches, defaults, conflicts, liens or violations that would not have a material adverse effect on the Depositors earnings,
business affairs or business prospects.

(f) No
Proceedings. To the Depositors best knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened before any
court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties:
(i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, the Indenture or any of the other Basic Documents, the Notes or the Certificates,
(ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the Certificates or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Indenture or any of the other Basic Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably
be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability
of, this Agreement, the Indenture, any of the other Basic Documents, the Notes or the Certificates or (iv) which could reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the U.S. federal or state income tax attributes of the Notes or the Certificates.

(g) All
Consents. All authorizations, licenses, consents, orders or approvals of, or registrations or declarations with, any court, regulatory
body, administrative agency or other government instrumentality required to be obtained, effected or given by the Depositor in connection
with the execution and delivery by the Depositor of this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party and the performance
by the Depositor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party, have been duly
obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect, except where failure to obtain the same would not have a material adverse
effect upon the rights of the Trust, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders.

28

Section 6.02 Limited
Liability Company Existence.

(a) During
the term of this Agreement, the Depositor will keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability
company under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction
in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the Basic Documents
and each other instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to the proper administration of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. In addition, all transactions and dealings between the Depositor and its Affiliates will be conducted on an arms-length
basis.

(b) During
the term of this Agreement, the Depositor shall observe the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of the Depositor as a legal
entity separate and apart from its affiliates, including the following:

(i) the
Depositor shall maintain limited liability company records and books of account separate from those of its affiliates;

(ii) except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Depositor shall not commingle its assets and funds with those of its affiliates;

(iii) the
Depositor shall hold such appropriate meetings of its Board of Directors as are necessary to authorize all the Depositors limited
liability company actions required by law to be authorized by the Board of Directors, shall keep minutes of such meetings and observe
all other customary limited liability company formalities (and any successor Depositor not a limited liability company shall observe
similar procedures in accordance with its governing documents and applicable law); and

(iv) the
Depositor shall at all times hold itself out to the public under the Depositors own name as a legal entity separate and distinct
from its affiliates.

Section 6.03 Liability
of Depositor; Indemnities. The Depositor shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically
undertaken by the Depositor under this Agreement:

(a) The
Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer and
any of the officers, directors, employees and agents of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee from and against
any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any such Person with respect to the transactions contemplated herein and in the Basic
Documents, including any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but, in
the case of the Issuing Entity, not including any taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale of the Receivables
to the Issuing Entity or the issuance and original sale of the Certificates and the Notes, or asserted with respect to ownership of the
Receivables, or federal or other income taxes arising out of distributions on the Certificates or the Notes) and costs and expenses in
defending against the same.

29

(b) The
Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Certificateholders
and the Noteholders and any of the officers, directors, employees and agents of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee from and against any loss, liability or reasonable and documented expense incurred by reason of the Depositors willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment) in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, or by reason
of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this Agreement.

(c) The
Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and their respective officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against all reasonable and documented cost and expense, and all other losses, claims, damages and liabilities
arising out of or incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and duties herein and in the Trust Agreement,
in the case of the Owner Trustee, and in the Indenture, in the case of the Indenture Trustee, except to the extent that such cost, expense,
loss, claim, damage or liability: (i) in the case of the Owner Trustee, shall be due to the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence
(except for errors in judgment) of the Owner Trustee or, in the case of the Indenture Trustee, shall be due to the willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment) of the Indenture Trustee or (ii) in the case of the Owner Trustee, shall
arise from the breach by the Owner Trustee of any of its representations or warranties set forth in Section 7.03 of the Trust Agreement.

(d) The
Depositor shall pay any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Owner Trust Estate.

Indemnification under this
section shall survive the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee and the termination or assignment of this
Agreement and the Trust Agreement and shall include reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation
(including without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action,
claim, or suit brought) by an indemnified party of any indemnification or other obligation of the Depositor). If the Depositor shall
have made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter
shall collect any of such amounts from others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Depositor, without interest.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other document, the obligations of the Depositor under this Section 6.03
and Section 7.5 of the Depositors Limited Liability Company Agreement are solely the company obligations of the Depositor
and shall be payable by it (x) solely from funds distributed to it in its capacity as Certificateholder available pursuant to, and
in accordance with, the payment priorities set forth in Section 5.06 of this Agreement and (y) only to the extent that
it receives additional funds designated for such purposes or to the extent it has additional funds available (other than funds described
in preceding clause (x)). In addition, no amount owing by the Depositor hereunder or under Section 7.5 of its Limited Liability
Company Agreement in excess of the liabilities that it is required to pay in accordance with the preceding sentence shall constitute
a claim (as defined in Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code) against it. No recourse shall be had for the payment
of any amount owing hereunder or under Section 7.5 of the Depositors Limited Liability Company Agreement or any other obligation
of, or claim against, the Depositor, arising out of or based upon this Section 6.03 or under Section 7.5 of its Limited
Liability Company Agreement against any employee, officer, agent, directed or authorized person of the Depositor; provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not relieve any such person or entity of any liability they might otherwise have as a result of fraudulent actions
or omissions taken by them.

30

Section 6.04 Merger
or Consolidation of, or Assumption of Obligations of Depositor. Any Person (a) into which the Depositor may be merged or consolidated,
(b) which may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Depositor shall be a party or (c) which may succeed to the
properties and assets of the Depositor substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of
assumption to perform every obligation of the Depositor under this Agreement, shall be the successor to the Depositor hereunder without
the execution or filing of any document or any further act by any of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (b) shall have
been breached and no Servicer Default in respect of the Depositor under Section 8.01(b) or (c) shall have occurred and
be continuing, and no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Default in respect of the Depositor
under Section 8.01(b) or (c) shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Depositor shall have delivered to the
Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger or succession and such
agreement of assumption comply with this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating
to such transaction have been complied with, (iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction
and (iv) the Depositor shall have delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either (A) stating
that, in the opinion of such counsel, all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been filed that
are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee, respectively, in the Receivables
and reciting the details of such filings, or (B) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action shall be necessary
to preserve and protect such interests. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the execution of the foregoing agreement
of assumption and compliance with clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall be conditions to the consummation of the transactions
referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) above and (b) the Depositor may transfer its rights under this Agreement in accordance
with Section 10.04 hereof.

Section 6.05 Limitation
on Liability of Depositor and Others. The Depositor and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Depositor may rely in good
faith on the advice of counsel or on any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any
matters arising hereunder. The Depositor shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that shall
not be incidental to its obligations under this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability.

31

Section 6.06 Depositor
May Own Notes. The Depositor and any Affiliate thereof may in its individual or any other capacity become the owner or pledgee
of Notes with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Depositor or an Affiliate thereof, except as expressly provided herein
or in any Basic Document.

Section 6.07 Security
Interest. During the term of this Agreement, the Depositor will not take any action to assign the security interest in any Financed
Vehicle other than pursuant to the Basic Documents.

Article VII

THE SERVICER

Section 7.01 Representations
of Servicer. The Servicer makes the following representations on which the Issuing Entity is deemed to have relied in acquiring the
Receivables. The representations speak as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale of the Receivables from time to time to the
Issuing Entity and the pledge thereof to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) Organization
and Good Standing. The Servicer is duly organized and validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the state
of its incorporation, with the corporate power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are
currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, the corporate power, authority and
legal right to acquire, own, sell and service the Receivables and to hold the Receivable Files as custodian.

(b) Due
Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing, and has obtained all necessary
material licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business (including
the servicing of the Receivables as required by this Agreement) shall require such qualifications, except where the failure to be so
qualified or to have obtained such licenses or approvals would not have a material adverse effect on the Servicers earnings, business
affairs or business prospects.

(c) Power
and Authority. The Servicer has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms;
and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary corporate action.

(d) Binding
Obligation. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Servicer enforceable against the Servicer in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and except as such
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity).

32

(e) No
Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not (i) conflict
with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under,
the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer; (ii) breach, conflict with or violate any of the material terms or provisions
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the
Servicer is a party or by which it is bound; (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant
to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to this Agreement and the Basic Documents); or,
(iv) to the best of the Servicers knowledge, violate any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Servicer of any
court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Servicer or its properties except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such breaches, defaults,
conflicts, liens or violations that would not have a material adverse effect on the Servicers earnings, business affairs or business
prospects.

(f) No
Proceedings. To the Servicers best knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened before any
court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties:
(i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, the Indenture, any of the other Basic Documents, the Notes or the Certificates,
(ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the Certificates or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Indenture or any of the other Basic Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably
be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability
of, this Agreement, the Indenture, any of the other Basic Documents, the Notes or the Certificates or (iv) relating to the Servicer
and which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the U.S. federal or state income tax attributes of the Notes or the Certificates.

(g) Approvals.
All approvals, licenses, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any person, corporation or other organization, or of any
court, governmental agency or body or official, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement have been or
will be taken or obtained on or prior to the Closing Date, except where failure to obtain the same would not have a material adverse
effect upon the rights of the Depositor, the Trust, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders.

Section 7.02 Indemnities
of Servicer. The Servicer shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken by
the Servicer under this Agreement:

(a) The
Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the
Certificateholders and the Depositor and any of the officers, directors, employees and agents of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee
and the Indenture Trustee from and against any and all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, and all other losses, damages, claims
and liabilities arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership or operation by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof of a Financed
Vehicle.

33

(b) The
Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the Certificateholders
and the Noteholders and any of the officers, directors, employees and agents of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities to the extent that such cost, expense,
loss, claim, damage or liability arose out of, or was imposed upon any such Person through, the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence
(except for errors in judgment) of the Servicer in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or by reason of reckless disregard
of its obligations and duties under this Agreement.

For purposes of this Section,
in the event of the termination of the rights and obligations of World Omni (or any successor thereto pursuant to Section 7.03)
as Servicer pursuant to Section 8.01, or a resignation by such Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, such Servicer shall be
deemed to be the Servicer pending appointment of a successor Servicer (other than the Indenture Trustee) pursuant to Section 8.02.

Indemnification under this
section shall survive the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or the termination or assignment of this
Agreement and the Trust Agreement and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation (including without
limitation any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim, or suit brought)
by an indemnified party of any indemnification or other obligation of the Servicer). If the Servicer shall have made any indemnity payments
pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter collects any of such amounts from
others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, without interest.

Section 7.03 Merger
or Consolidation of, or Assumption of Obligations of, Servicer. The Servicer shall not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation
or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless:

(a) the
entity formed by such consolidation or into which the Servicer is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties
and assets of the Servicer substantially as an entirety shall be an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States
of America or the District of Columbia and, if the Servicer is not the surviving entity, such entity shall assume, without the execution
or filing of any paper or further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, the performance of every covenant and obligation of the
Servicer hereunder; and

(b) the
Servicer has delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each
stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer will comply with this Section 7.03 and that all conditions
precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with.

The Servicer shall provide
notice of any merger, consolidation or succession pursuant to this Section 7.03 to the Rating Agencies, the Owner Trustee,
the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee.

34

Section 7.04 Limitation
on Liability of Servicer and Others. Neither the Servicer nor any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of the Servicer
shall be under any liability to the Issuing Entity, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, except as provided under this Agreement,
for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action pursuant to this Agreement or for errors in judgment; provided,
however, that this provision shall not protect the Servicer or any such person against any liability that would otherwise be imposed
by reason of willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in the performance of duties or by reason of reckless disregard of obligations
and duties under this Agreement. The Servicer and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Servicer may rely in good faith on
any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising under this Agreement.

Except as provided in this
Agreement, the Servicer shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that shall not be incidental
to its duties to service the Receivables in accordance with this Agreement and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability;
provided, however, that the Servicer may undertake any reasonable action that it may deem necessary or desirable
in respect of this Agreement and the Basic Documents and the rights and duties of the parties to this Agreement and the Basic Documents
and the interests of the Certificateholders under this Agreement and the Noteholders under the Indenture.

Section 7.05 World
Omni Not to Resign as Servicer. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.03, World Omni shall not resign from the obligations
and duties hereby imposed on it as Servicer under this Agreement except upon a determination that the performance of its duties under
this Agreement shall no longer be permissible under applicable law and cannot be cured. Notice of any such determination permitting the
resignation of World Omni shall be communicated to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee at the earliest practicable time (and,
if such communication is not in writing, shall be confirmed in writing at the earliest practicable time) and any such determination shall
be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel to such effect delivered to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee concurrently with or promptly
after such notice. No such resignation shall become effective until the Indenture Trustee or a successor Servicer shall have assumed
the responsibilities and obligations of World Omni in accordance with Section 8.02.

Article VIII

DEFAULT

Section 8.01 Servicer
Default. Any one of the following events shall constitute a default by the Servicer (a Servicer Default):

(a) any
failure by the Servicer to deliver to the Indenture Trustee for deposit in any of the Trust Accounts or distribution to the Certificateholders
any required payment or to direct the Indenture Trustee to make any required distributions therefrom, which failure continues unremedied
for a period of five Business Days after written notice of such failure is received by the Servicer from the Owner Trustee or the Indenture
Trustee or after discovery of such failure by an officer of the Servicer; or

35

(b) failure
by the Servicer or, if the Servicer is an affiliate of the Depositor, the Depositor, as the case may be, duly to observe or to perform
in any material respect any other covenants or agreements of the Servicer or the Depositor (as the case may be) set forth in this Agreement
or any other Basic Document, which failure shall (i) materially and adversely affect the rights of Certificateholders or Noteholders
and (ii) continue unremedied for a period of 90 days after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same
to be remedied, shall have been given (A) to the Servicer or the Depositor (as the case may be) by the Owner Trustee or the Indenture
Trustee or (B) to the Servicer or the Depositor (as the case may be), and to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee by the
Holders of the Notes evidencing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities and the Holders (as defined
in the Trust Agreement) of Certificates evidencing at least a majority of the percentage interest of the Certificates; or

(c) the
occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Servicer or, if the Servicer is an affiliate of the Depositor, the Depositor.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(i) if any delay in or failure of performance referred to in clause (a) above shall have been caused by Force
Majeure, the five Business Day grace period referred to in such clause (a) shall be extended for an additional 60 days and
(ii) if any delay or failure of performance referred to in clause (b) above shall have been caused by Force Majeure,
the 90 day grace period referred to in such clause (b) shall be extended for an additional 60 days. Upon the occurrence of
any such event, the Servicer shall not be relieved from using its best efforts to perform its obligations in a timely manner in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement and the Servicer shall provide the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders
prompt notice of such failure or delay by it, together with a description of its efforts to so perform its obligations.

So long as the Servicer Default
shall not have been remedied or stayed by the application of the above paragraph, either the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of the
Notes evidencing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, by notice then given in writing to the
Servicer (and to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee if given by the Noteholders) may terminate all the rights and obligations
(other than the obligations set forth in Section 7.02 hereof) of the Servicer under this Agreement. On or after the receipt
by the Servicer of such written notice, all authority and power of the Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes,
the Certificates or the Receivables or otherwise, shall, without further action, pass to and be vested in the Indenture Trustee or such
successor Servicer as may be appointed under Section 8.02; and, without limitation, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee
are hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, for the benefit of the predecessor Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise,
any and all documents and other instruments, and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the
purposes of such notice of termination, whether to complete the transfer and endorsement of the Receivables and related documents, or
otherwise. The predecessor Servicer shall cooperate with the successor Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee in effecting
the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the predecessor Servicer under this Agreement, including the transfer to the successor
Servicer for administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the predecessor Servicer for deposit, or shall
thereafter be received by it with respect to any Receivable. Further, in such event, the Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the servicing of the Receivables to the successor Servicer, and as promptly as practicable,
the Servicer shall provide to the successor Servicer a current computer tape containing all information from the Receivables Files required
for the proper servicing of the Receivables, together with the documentation containing any and all information necessary for the use
of the tape. All reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with transferring
the Receivable Files to the successor Servicer and amending this Agreement to reflect such succession as Servicer pursuant to this section
shall be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses. Upon receipt of notice
of the occurrence of a Servicer Default, the Owner Trustee shall give notice thereof to the Depositor who promptly shall provide such
notice to the Rating Agencies.

36

Section 8.02 Appointment
of Successor.

(a) Upon
the Servicers receipt of notice of termination pursuant to Section 8.01 or the Servicers resignation in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the predecessor Servicer shall continue to perform its functions as Servicer under this Agreement,
in the case of termination, only until the date specified in such termination notice or, if no such date is specified in a notice of
termination, until receipt of such notice and, in the case of resignation, until the later of (i) the date 45 days from the delivery
to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee of written notice of such resignation (or written confirmation of such notice) in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) the date upon which the predecessor Servicer shall become unable to act as Servicer, as
specified in the notice of resignation and accompanying Opinion of Counsel. In the event of the Servicers termination hereunder,
the Indenture Trustee shall appoint a successor Servicer, and the successor Servicer shall accept its appointment by a written assumption
in form acceptable to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee. In the event that a successor Servicer has not been appointed at the
time when the predecessor Servicer has ceased to act as Servicer in accordance with this Section, the Indenture Trustee without further
action shall automatically be appointed the successor Servicer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to the Servicing Fee. Notwithstanding
the above, the Indenture Trustee shall, if it shall be unwilling or legally unable so to act, appoint or petition a court of competent
jurisdiction to appoint any established institution, having a net worth of not less than $100,000,000 and whose regular business shall
include the servicing of automotive receivables, as the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement.

(b) Upon
appointment, the successor Servicer (including the Indenture Trustee acting as successor Servicer) shall be the successor in all respects
to the predecessor Servicer and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities arising thereafter relating thereto
placed on the predecessor Servicer and shall be entitled to the Servicing Fee and all the rights granted to the predecessor Servicer
by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The successor Servicer shall not be liable for any actions or inactions of the predecessor
Servicer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Basic Documents, if the Indenture Trustee shall act as
Successor Servicer, it shall not, in any event have obligations (i) with respect to the repurchase of the Receivables, (ii) to
pay any fees, expenses and other amounts owing to the Administrator, or (iii) to pay any indemnities owed by the Servicer to another
party under the Basic Documents (other than those resulting from the actions or inactions of the Indenture Trustee as successor Servicer).

(c) The
successor Servicer may not resign unless it is prohibited from serving as such by law.

37

Section 8.03 Notification
to Noteholders and Certificateholders. Upon any termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer pursuant to this Article VIII,
the Indenture Trustee shall give prompt written notice thereof to Noteholders, the Certificateholders and the Depositor who promptly
shall provide such notice to the Rating Agencies.

Section 8.04 Waiver
of Past Defaults. The Holders of Notes evidencing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities may,
on behalf of all Noteholders, waive in writing any default by the Servicer in the performance of its obligations hereunder and its consequences,
except a default in making any required deposits to or payments from any of the Trust Accounts or to the Certificateholders in accordance
with this Agreement. Upon any such waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any Servicer Default arising therefrom
shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default
or impair any right consequent thereto.

Section 8.05 Payment
of Servicing Fees. If the Servicer shall change, the predecessor Servicer shall be entitled to receive any accrued and unpaid Servicing
Fees through the date of such Successor Servicers acceptance hereunder in accordance with Section 4.08.

Article IX

TERMINATION

Section 9.01 Optional
Purchase of All Receivables.

(a) On
the Payment Date immediately following (and on each Payment Date thereafter) the last day of any Collection Period as of which the then
outstanding aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables is 10% or less of the Aggregate Starting Principal Balance, the Servicer shall
have the option to purchase the Owner Trust Estate, other than the Trust Accounts. To exercise such option, the Servicer shall deposit
pursuant to Section 5.05 in the Collection Account an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Amount for the Receivables (including
Defaulted Receivables), and shall succeed to all interests in and to the Trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not
be permitted to exercise such option unless the amount to be deposited in the Collection Account pursuant to the preceding sentence is
greater than or equal to the sum of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, all accrued but unpaid interest (including any overdue interest
and premium) thereon and all amounts owing by the Issuing Entity to the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(b) As
described in Article IX of the Trust Agreement, notice of any termination of the Trust shall be given by the Servicer to the Owner
Trustee and the Indenture Trustee as soon as practicable after the Servicer has received notice thereof.

(c) Following
the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Notes, the Certificateholders
will succeed to the rights of the Noteholders hereunder other than Section 5.07(b) and the Owner Trustee will succeed
to the rights of, but not the obligations of, the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Agreement.

38

Article X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.01 Amendment.

(a) This
Agreement may be amended by the Depositor, the Servicer and the Issuing Entity, with the consent of the Indenture Trustee, but without
the consent of any of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provisions in
this Agreement (including to further prevent or help avoid the application to the Notes or Certificates of the Treasury Regulations (or
other interpretive guidance) issued under Section 385 of the Code) or for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the
Certificateholders; provided that such amendments require: (i) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) an
Officers Certificate of the Servicer delivered to the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that
the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder or Certificateholder.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Servicer and the Issuing Entity, with the consent of the Indenture
Trustee, the consent of Holders of Notes evidencing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities (unless
(i) the interests of the Noteholders are not affected materially and adversely, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate of
the Servicer to that effect delivered to the Indenture Trustee by the Depositor or (ii) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition)
and the consent of the Holders (as defined in the Trust Agreement) of Certificates evidencing at least a majority of the percentage interest
of the Certificates (unless (i) the interests of the Certificateholders are not affected materially and adversely and (ii) an
Officers Certificate of the Servicer to that effect is delivered to the Owner Trustee by the Depositor) for the purpose of adding
any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the
rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders; provided, however, that no such amendment shall (a)change
the date of payment of any installment of principal of or interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, (b) change
the provisions of this Sale and Servicing Agreement relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the
Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the Notes or (c) reduce the consent percentages in this sentence, without
the consent of the Holders of all outstanding Notes and the Holders (as defined in the Trust Agreement) of all the outstanding Certificates
affected thereby.

(c) Promptly
after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Servicer shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment
or consent to each Certificateholder, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and each of the Rating Agencies.

39

(d) It
shall not be necessary for the consent of Certificateholders or Noteholders pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form
of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.

(e) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, and the Indenture Trustee shall
be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or
permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent thereto have been satisfied, and the Opinion of Counsel referred to in
Section 10.02(h)(A). The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such
amendment which affects the Owner Trustees or the Indenture Trustees, as applicable, own rights, duties or immunities under
this Agreement or otherwise.

Section 10.02 Protection
of Title to Trust.

(a) The
Depositor shall file such financing statements and cause to be filed such continuation statements, all in such manner and in such places
as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Issuing Entity and of the Indenture Trustee, on
behalf of the Holders, in the Receivables and in the proceeds thereof. The Depositor hereby authorizes the filing of such financing statements
and hereby ratifies any such financing statements filed prior to the date hereof. The Depositor shall deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above,
as soon as available following such filing.

(b) Neither
the Depositor nor the Servicer shall change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that could reasonably be expected
to make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with paragraph (a) above seriously misleading
within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the UCC, unless it shall have given the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee at least
five days prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing
statements or continuation statements.

(c) Each
of the Depositor and the Servicer shall have an obligation to give the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee at least 15 days
prior written notice of any relocation of its principal executive office or a change in its jurisdiction of organization if, as a result
of such relocation or change in its jurisdiction of organization, the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any
amendment of any previously filed financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall promptly file any such
amendment or new financing statement. The Servicer shall at all times maintain each office from which it shall service Receivables, and
its principal executive office, within the United States of America.

(d) The
Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader
thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature
of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the amounts from time
to time deposited in the Collection Account in respect of such Receivable.

40

(e) The
Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that, within five (5) Business Days from and after the time of sale under this Agreement
of the Receivables, the Servicers master computer records (including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate
clearly that such Receivable has been sold to the Issuing Entity.

(f) If
at any time the Depositor or the Servicer shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in
automotive receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser,
lender or other transferee computer tapes, records or printouts (including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer
in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Issuing Entity
and has been pledged to the Indenture Trustee.

(g) Upon
request, the Servicer shall furnish to the Owner Trustee or to the Indenture Trustee, within five Business Days, a list of all Receivables
(by contract number and name of Obligor) then held as part of the Trust.

(h) The
Servicer shall deliver to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee:

(A) promptly
after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (1) all
financing statements and continuation statements have been filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the
Trust and the Indenture Trustee in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel
in which such details are given, or (2) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest other than any action
necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the following year to preserve and protect such interest; and

(B) on
or before March 31, in each calendar year, beginning in 2026, an Opinion of Counsel, dated as of a date during such 90-day period,
stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (1) all financing statements and continuation statements have been filed that
are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Trust and the Indenture Trustee in the Receivables, and reciting the
details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (2) no such action shall be
necessary to preserve and protect such interest other than any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the following
year to preserve and protect such interest.

Each Opinion of Counsel referred
to in clause (A)(2) or (B)(2) above shall specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be
taken in the following year to preserve and protect such interest.

41

(i) The
Depositor shall, to the extent required by applicable law, cause the Notes to be registered with the Commission pursuant to Section 12(b) or
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act within the time periods specified in such sections.

(j) The
Servicer shall deliver to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, prior to any change in the location of the Receivable Files, an
Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (i) all financing statements and continuation statements
have been filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, on behalf of the
Holders, in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details
are given, or (ii) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

Section 10.03 Notices.
All demands, deliveries, notices, communications and instructions upon or to the Depositor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee or the Rating Agencies under this Agreement shall be by facsimile, in writing, personally delivered or mailed by certified mail,
return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt or by electronic mail (if designated by such party
to the other parties) (a) in the case of the Depositor, to World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach,
Florida 33442, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer, (b) in the case of the Servicer, World Omni Financial Corp., 250
Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer, (c) in the case of the Issuing
Entity or the Owner Trustee, at its Corporate Trust Office, Email: jmuller@WilmingtonTrust.com, (d) in the case of the Indenture
Trustee, at its Corporate Trust Office, Telecopy: (866) 807-8670, Email: christopher.nuxoll@usbank.com, and (e) in the case of the
Rating Agencies, to the Depositor who promptly shall post such notice to the website maintained by the Depositor for notifications to
nationally recognized statistical rating organizations; or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address or electronic mail address
as shall be designated by written notice to the other parties; provided, that, so long as World Omni is the Servicer, the Servicers
obligation to deliver or provide any demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction (including the Servicers Certificate)
to any Person other than a Noteholder shall be satisfied by the Servicer making such demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction
available at https://via.intralinks.com/, or such other website or distribution service or provider as the Servicer shall designate by
written notice to the other parties.

Section 10.04 Assignment
by the Depositor or the Servicer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as provided in the remainder
of this Section, as provided in Sections 6.04 and 7.03 herein and as provided in the provisions of this Agreement concerning the resignation
of the Servicer, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Depositor or the Servicer.

Section 10.05 Limitations
on Rights of Others. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Depositor, the Servicer, the Issuing Entity,
the Owner Trustee, the Certificateholders, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express
or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Owner Trust Estate or
under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.

42

Section 10.06 Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 10.07 Separate
Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Each of the parties agree that this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically signed,
that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other
digital signature provider) appearing on this Agreement or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes
of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement
and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission; provided, however, that upon the request of
the Indenture Trustee, any electronic signature delivered pursuant to this Section 10.07 shall be followed with a manually executed,
original counterpart within a reasonable period of time following such request, to the extent such manually executed, original counterpart
shall be required by applicable law or a regulatory body having supervisory authority over the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee
and Owner Trustee shall not be liable for, and shall be indemnified and held harmless under the applicable Basic Document against any
loss, liability or expense arising out of the use of electronic or digital signatures and electronic methods of submission with respect
to this Agreement, the Basic Documents and any documents or notices delivered to the Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee pursuant to this
Agreement or the related documents, including the risk of the Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee acting on any unauthorized instructions
and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 10.08 Headings.
The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the
terms or provisions hereof.

Section 10.09 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any otherwise applicable
conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with
such laws.

Section 10.10 Assignment
by Issuing Entity. Each of World Omni and the Depositor hereby acknowledges and consents to any mortgage, pledge, assignment and
grant of a security interest by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders
of all right, title and interest of the Issuing Entity in, to and under the Receivables and/or the assignment of any or all of the Issuing
Entitys rights and obligations hereunder to the Indenture Trustee.

43

Section 10.11 Nonpetition
Covenants.

(a) Notwithstanding
any prior termination of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Depositor shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day after
the termination of this Agreement with respect to the Issuing Entity, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuing Entity
to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuing Entity
under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuing Entity or any substantial part of their property, or ordering the winding up or
liquidation of the affairs of the Issuing Entity.

(b) Notwithstanding
any prior termination of this Agreement, the Servicer, solely in its capacity as a creditor of the Depositor, shall not, prior to the
date which is one year and one day after the termination of this Agreement with respect to the Depositor, acquiesce, petition or otherwise
invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Depositor
under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Depositor or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation
of the affairs of the Depositor.

(c) In
the event that any Person (other than the Depositor) is deemed, under applicable law by any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction,
to have an interest in any assets of the Depositor or any Affiliate of the Depositor other than the beneficial interest in the Trust
(other assets), the parties to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that: (i) such Persons claim is
against the assets of the Trust and the Trust Estate only, (ii) such Persons claim against any other assets shall be, and
hereby is, subject and subordinate in all respects to the rights of other Persons to whom rights in the other assets have been expressly
granted (entitled Persons), including to the payment in full of all amounts owing to such entitled Persons, and
(iii) the covenant set forth in the preceding clause (ii) constitutes a subordination agreement within
the meaning of, and subject to, Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 10.12 Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.

(a) It
is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee Bank,
not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under
the Trust Agreement, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuing Entity
is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by the Trustee Bank, but is made and intended for the
purpose of binding only the Issuing Entity, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Trustee
Bank, individually or personally, to perform any covenant of the Issuing Entity, either expressed or implied, contained herein, all such
liability of the Trustee Bank in its individual or personal capacity, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any
person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) the Trustee Bank has made no investigation into the accuracy or completeness
of any representations or warranties made by the Issuing Entity in this Agreement, and (v) under no circumstances shall the Trustee
Bank be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuing Entity under this Agreement or any other related
documents.

44

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been accepted by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, not in
its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee and in no event shall U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association have any
liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuing Entity hereunder or in any of
the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the
Issuing Entity. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, privileges, benefits, protections,
immunities, and indemnities provided to it under the Indenture.

Section 10.13 Regulation
AB. The Depositor and the Servicer acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Section 10.13 is to facilitate compliance
by the Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and the related rules and regulations of the Commission. The Depositor shall
not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than in good faith, or for
purposes other than compliance with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Servicer acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may change over
time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed
securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and the Servicer agrees to comply with all reasonable requests made by the Depositor
in good faith for delivery of information and shall deliver (and shall cause each of its Reporting Subcontractors to deliver) to the
Depositor all information and certifications reasonably required by the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations,
including with respect to any of its predecessors or successors. The obligations of a servicer to provide such information shall survive
the removal or termination of such servicer as Servicer hereunder.

Section 10.14 Notices
to the Rating Agencies. If World Omni is no longer the Servicer, the successor Servicer shall provide any required Rating Agency
notices under this Agreement to the Depositor, who promptly shall provide such notices to the Rating Agencies.

Section 10.15 Independence
of the Servicer; No Joint Venture. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall
not be subject to the supervision of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee for the manner in which it accomplishes the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement. Unless expressly authorized by the Basic Documents or the Issuing Entity, the Servicer shall
have no authority to act for or represent the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee in any way (other than as permitted hereunder) and
shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee. Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) make the
Servicer, on the one hand, and the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, on the other hand, members of any partnership, joint venture,
association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) be construed to impose any liability as such on any
of them or (iii) be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability
on behalf of the others.

45

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Bruce C. Wandersee

Name: Bruce C. Wandersee

Title: Vice President

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP., as Servicer,
and, with respect to Sections 3.01 and 3.02, individually

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not
in its individual capacity but solely as Account Bank

By: /s/ Christopher
J. Nuxoll

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll

Title: Vice President

Acknowledged and agreed to as of the day

and year first above written:

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as

Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Christopher J. Nuxoll 

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll 

Title: Vice President 

SCHEDULE A

Schedule of Receivables

Documents on file at:

Kirkland & Ellis LLP

4550 Travis Street

Dallas, TX 75205

Sch. A

SCHEDULE B

Location of Receivable Files

World Omni Financial Corp.

6150 Omni Park Drive

Mobile, AL 36609

RecordMax LLC

2051 West I-65 Service Rd. N.

Mobile, AL 36618

HP Enterprise Services LLC

5400 Legacy Dr

Plano, TX 75024

RouteOne LLC

31500 Northwestern Hwy Ste 200

Farmington Hills, MI 48334

Sch. B

EXHIBIT A

Form of Distribution Statement to Noteholders

World Omni Financial Corp.

World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A Payment Date Statement to
Noteholders

Total Available Funds

Class A-1 Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class A-2a Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class A-2b Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class A-3 Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class A-4 Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class B Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Class C Notes: ($_______ per $1,000 original principal amount)

Outstanding Amount

Class A-1 Notes

Class A-2a Notes

Class A-2b Notes

Class A-3 Notes

Class A-4 Notes

Class B Notes

Class C Notes

Note Pool Factor

Class A-1 Notes

Class A-2a Notes

Class A-2b Notes

Class A-3 Notes

Class A-4 Notes

Class B Notes

Class C Notes

Servicing Fee

Servicing Fee Per $1,000 Note

Reserve Account Balance

Ex. A

EXHIBIT B

Form of Servicers Certificate

World Omni Financial Corp.

World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A Monthly
Servicers Certificate

World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A 

Monthly Servicer Certificate 

mm/dd/yyyy 

Dates Covered 

Collections Period 

Interest Accrual Period 

30/360 Days 

Actual/360 Days 

Distribution Date 

Collateral Pool Balance Data $ Amount # of Accounts

Pool Balance at mm/dd/yy 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount at mm/dd/yy 

Receivables Balance at mm/dd/yy 

Principal Payments 

Defaulted Receivables 

Repurchased Accounts 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount at mm/dd/yy 

Pool Balance at mm/dd/yy 

Pool Statistics $ Amount # of Accounts

Pool Factor 

Prepayment ABS Speed 

Aggregate Starting Principal Balance 

Pre-Funding Contracts added mm/dd/yy 

Delinquent Receivables: 

Past Due 31-60 days 

Past Due 61-90 days 

Past Due 91-120 days 

Past Due 121 + days 

Total 

Ex. B-1

Total 31+ Delinquent as % Ending Pool Balance 

Total 61+ Delinquent as % Ending Pool Balance 

Delinquency Trigger Occurred [Yes/No]

Recoveries 

Aggregate Net Losses/(Gains) - mm/yyyy 

Ratio of Net Loss to the Receivables Balance

as of beginning of Collection period (Annualized) 

Current Net Loss Ratio 

Prior Period Net Loss Ratio 

Second Prior Period Net Loss Ratio 

Third Prior Period Net Loss Ratio 

Four Month Average 

Cumulative Net Loss as a % of Aggregate Starting Principal Balance 

Overcollateralization Target Amount 

Actual Overcollateralization 

Weighted Average Contract Rate 

Weighted Average Contract Rate, Yield Adjusted 

Weighted Average Remaining Term 

Flow of Funds $ Amount 

Collections 

Investment Earnings on Cash Accounts 

Servicing Fee 

Transfer to Collection Account 

Available Funds 

Distributions of Available Funds 

(1) Asset Representation Reviewer Amounts (up to $150,000 per calendar year) 

(2) Class A Interest 

(3) Noteholders First Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

(4) Class B Interest 

(5) Noteholders Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

(6) Class C Interest 

(7) Noteholders Third Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

(8) Required Reserve Amount 

(9) Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount 

(10) Asset Representation Reviewer Amounts (in excess of 1) 

(11) Distribution to Certificateholders 

Total Distributions of Available Funds 

Ex. B-2

Servicing Fee 

Unpaid Servicing Fee 

Change in amount of Unpaid Servicing Fee from the prior period 

Note Balances & Note Factors $ Amount 

Original Class A 

Original Class B 

Original Class C 

Total Class A, B & C 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Class A-1 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Class A-2a 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Class A-2b 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Ex. B-3

Class A-3 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Class A-4 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Class B 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Class C 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Principal Paid 

Note Balance @ mm/dd/yy 

Note Factor @ mm/dd/yy 

Interest & Principal Payments $ Amount 

Total Interest Paid 

Total Principal Paid 

Total Paid 

Class A-1 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to A-1 Holders 

Class A-2a 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to Class A-2 Holders 

Ex. B-4

Class A-2b 

SOFR Rate 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to Class A-2 Holders 

Class A-3 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to A-3 Holders 

Class A-4 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to A-4 Holders 

Class B 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to B Holders 

Class C 

Coupon 

Interest Paid 

Principal Paid 

Total Paid to C Holders 

Distribution per $1,000 of Notes 

Total Interest Distribution Amount 

Total Interest Carryover Shortfall 

Total Principal Distribution Amount 

Ex. B-5

Total Distribution
Amount 

Total 

A-1 Interest Distribution Amount 

A-1 Interest Carryover Shortfall 

A-1 Principal Distribution Amount 

Total A-1 Distribution Amount 

A-2a Interest Distribution Amount 

A-2a Interest Carryover Shortfall 

A-2a Principal Distribution Amount 

Total A-2a Distribution Amount 

A-2b Interest Distribution Amount 

A-2b Interest Carryover Shortfall 

A-2b Principal Distribution Amount 

Total A-2b Distribution Amount 

A-3 Interest Distribution Amount 

A-3 Interest Carryover Shortfall 

A-3 Principal Distribution Amount 

Total A-3 Distribution Amount 

A-4 Interest Distribution Amount 

A-4 Interest Carryover Shortfall 

A-4 Principal Distribution Amount 

Total A-4 Distribution Amount 

B Interest Distribution Amount 

B Interest Carryover Shortfall 

B Principal Distribution Amount 

Total B Distribution Amount 

C Interest Distribution Amount 

C Interest Carryover Shortfall 

C Principal Distribution Amount 

Total C Distribution Amount 

Ex. B-6

Noteholders
First Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

Noteholders Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

Noteholders Third Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount 

Account Balances $ Amount 

Reserve Account 

Balance as of mm/dd/yy 

Investment Earnings 

Investment Earnings paid 

Deposit (Withdrawal) 

Balance as of mm/dd/yy 

Change 

Required Reserve Amount 

Ex. B-7

EXHIBIT C

Form of SSA Assignment

As of January 29, 2025,
for value received, in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing
Agreement), among World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor),
World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A (the Issuing Entity), World Omni Financial Corp., a Florida corporation
(the Servicer) and U.S. Bank National Association, as Account Bank, as acknowledged and accepted by U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, the Depositor does hereby sell, assign, transfer and otherwise convey unto the Issuing
Entity, without recourse, all right, title and interest of the Depositor in, to and under (a) the Receivables identified on
the Schedule of Receivables attached hereto having an Aggregate Starting Principal Balance of $1,305,673,100.29 and all monies received
thereon and in respect thereof after the Cutoff Date; (b) the security interests in, and the liens on, the Financed Vehicles granted
by Obligors in connection with the Receivables and any other interest of the Depositor in such Financed Vehicles; (c) any proceeds
with respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering such Financed
Vehicles or Obligors; (d) any Financed Vehicle that shall have secured an Receivable and shall have been acquired by or on behalf
of the Depositor, the Servicer or the Issuing Entity; (e) all funds on deposit in, and financial assets (as such term
is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect) credited to, the Trust Accounts, including the Reserve Account,
from time to time, including the Reserve Account Initial Deposit, and in all investments and proceeds thereof (including all income thereon);
(f) the Receivables Purchase Agreement; (g) all accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles
and promissory notes (as such terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect) constituting
or relating to the foregoing; and (h) the proceeds of any and all of the foregoing; provided, however, that
the foregoing items (a) through (h) shall not include the Notes and Certificates.

The foregoing sale does not
constitute and is not intended to result in any assumption by the Issuing Entity of any obligation of the undersigned to the Obligors,
Dealers, insurers or any other Person in connection with the Receivables, the agreements with Dealers, any insurance policies or any agreement
or instrument relating to any of them.

This SSA Assignment is made
pursuant to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the undersigned contained in the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and is to be governed by the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

* * * * *

Ex. C-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this SSA Assignment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. C-2

APPENDIX A

PART I - DEFINITIONS

All terms used in this Appendix shall have the
defined meanings set forth in this Part I when used in the Basic Documents, unless otherwise defined therein.

Account
Bank means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, or the Eligible Institution or Eligible Trust
Account Institution which then holds the Trust Accounts.

Accredited Investor
has the meaning assigned in Section 2.04(e) of the Indenture.

Act of the Noteholders
has the meaning specified in Section 11.03(a) of the Indenture.

Administration Agreement
means the Administration Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Administrator, the Issuing Entity, the Depositor and the Indenture
Trustee, as amended from time to time.

Administrator
means World Omni, or any successor Administrator under the Administration Agreement.

ADR Organization
means The American Arbitration Association or, if The
American Arbitration Association no longer exists or if its ADR Rules would no longer permit mediation or arbitration, as
applicable, of the dispute, another nationally recognized mediation or arbitration organization selected by World Omni.

ADR Rules
means the relevant rules of the ADR Organization for mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding arbitration, as applicable,
of commercial disputes in effect at the time of the mediation or arbitration.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the
management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise;
and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Aggregate Starting
Principal Balance means as of any date of determination, the aggregate of the Starting Principal Balances of the Receivables
as of the Cutoff Date, which is equal to the Initial Aggregate Starting Principal Balance.

Amount Financed
means, with respect to a Receivable, the amount advanced under the Receivable toward the purchase price of the Financed Vehicle, warranty
or insurance premium and any related costs.

Annual Percentage
Rate or APR means, with respect to a Receivable, the annual rate of finance charges stated in the related
Contract or then applicable to such Receivable.

App. A-1

Applicable Anti-Money
Laundering Law means, laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions,
including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including the Customer Identification Program requirements
established under the USA PATRIOT ACT and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Networks (FinCEN) customer due diligence requirements.

Asset Representations
Review Agreement shall mean the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among World Omni, as
servicer and administrator, the Issuing Entity and the Asset Representations Reviewer, as amended from time to time.

Asset Representations
Reviewer means Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer under the Asset Representations Review
Agreement, or any successor Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Assignment
shall mean any RPA Assignment or SSA Assignment.

Authorized Officer
means, with respect to the Owner Trustee, any officer of the Owner Trustee or other Person who is authorized to act for the Owner Trustee
in matters relating to the Issuing Entity (including any agent of the Owner Trustee acting under a power of attorney) and, with respect
to the Issuing Entity, any Authorized Officer of the Owner Trustee acting as an agent of the Owner Trustee, or so long as the Administration
Agreement is in effect, the president, any vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary or assistant secretary of the Administrator
who is authorized to act for the Administrator in matters relating to the Issuing Entity and to be acted upon by the Administrator pursuant
to the Administration Agreement and who is identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by the Administrator to the Indenture
Trustee on the Closing Date (as such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter).

Available Funds
means, with respect to any Payment Date, (1) the sum of the following amounts, without duplication, with respect to the Receivables
in respect of the Collection Period preceding such Payment Date: (a) all collections on Receivables, (b) all Recoveries, (c) the
Purchase Amount of each Receivable that became a Purchased Receivable as of the last day of the related Collection Period, (d) partial
prepayments relating to refunds of warranty or insurance financed by the respective Obligor thereon as part of the original contract and
only to the extent not included under clause (a) above, (e) Investment Earnings for such Payment Date, (f) any Collection
Account Redeposits for such Payment Date, (g) all amounts received from the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 5.04
of the Indenture minus (2) the Servicing Fee and other amounts payable to the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.08
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement for such Payment Date (unless the Servicer elects to defer part or all of such fee); provided,
however, that in calculating Available Funds all payments and proceeds of any Purchased Receivables the Purchase Amount
of which has been included in Available Funds in a prior Collection Period shall be excluded. Available Funds for each Payment Date will
not include, and the amount of Available Funds will not be reduced by, the amount of any Supplemental Servicing Fees. Amounts withdrawn
from the Reserve Account may not be used to pay the Servicing Fee or any other fees and expenses of the Servicer for so long as World
Omni or an Affiliate of World Omni is the Servicer.

App. A-2

Basic Documents
means the Indenture, the Certificate of Trust, the Trust Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
the Administration Agreement, the Note Depository Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement and other documents and certificates
delivered in connection therewith.

Benchmark
means, initially, the SOFR Rate; provided that if the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines prior to the relevant
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR Rate
or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Replacement
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity)
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date;

(1) the sum of: (a) the
alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

(2) the sum of: (a) the
ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(3) the sum of: (a) the
alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S.
dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator (on behalf
of the Issuing Entity) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the spread adjustment
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

(2) if the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

(3) the spread adjustment
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) giving
due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate
securities at such time.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the Interest Accrual Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) decides may
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if
the administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement
exists, in such other manner as the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines is reasonably necessary).

App. A-3

Benchmark Replacement
Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published
component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) in the case of clause
(1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(2) in the case of clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information
referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) a public statement
or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(2) a public statement
or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark
(or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator
of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark
(or such component); or

(3) a public statement
or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no
longer representative.

App. A-4

Book-Entry Notes
means, to the extent they are not Definitive Notes, a beneficial interest in the Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class A-3
Notes, Class A-4 Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes, ownership and transfers of which shall be made through book entries
by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 2.11 of the Indenture.

Business Day
means any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which banking institutions or trust companies in the State
of Florida, the State of New York, the State of Delaware, the states in which the servicing offices of the Servicer are located or the
states in which the Corporate Trust Offices are located are required or authorized by law, regulation or executive order to be closed.

Certificate of Trust
shall mean the Certificate of Trust in the form of Exhibit B to the Trust Agreement filed for the Trust pursuant to Section 3810(a) of
the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

Certificateholder
shall mean a Person in whose name a Trust Certificate is registered in the Certificate Register.

Certificate Register
and Certificate Registrar shall mean the register mentioned in and the registrar appointed pursuant to Section 3.04
of the Trust Agreement.

Certificates
means the Trust Certificates issued by the Issuing Entity pursuant to the Trust Agreement in form and substance attached as Exhibit A
thereto.

Class
means any one of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4
Notes, the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes.

Class A Noteholders
Interest Carryover Shortfall means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess of the Class A Noteholders Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Payment Date, over the amount in respect of interest that was actually paid on the Class A
Notes on such preceding Payment Date, plus interest on the amount of interest due but not paid to holders of the Class A Notes on
the preceding Payment Date, to the extent permitted by law, at the respective interest rates borne by each Class of the Class A
Notes for the related Interest Accrual Period.

Class A Noteholders
Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of the Class A Noteholders Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for such Payment Date and the Class A Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Payment
Date.

App. A-5

Class A Noteholders
Monthly Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, interest accrued for the related Interest Accrual
Period on each Class of Class A Notes at the respective interest rate for such Class on the Outstanding Amount of the Notes
of such Class on the immediately preceding Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, on the Closing Date), after
giving effect to all payments of principal to the Noteholders of such Class on or prior to such preceding Payment Date. For all purposes
of this Agreement and the Basic Documents, interest with respect to the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4
Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The interest due on these Classes of notes
on each Payment Date will be the product of:

the Outstanding Principal Balance of the related Class of Notes;

the related Interest Rate; and

30 (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, 16) divided by 360.

Interest with respect to the
Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the related Interest
Accrual Period and a 360-day year. The interest due on the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes on each Payment Date will
be the product of:

the Outstanding Principal Balance of the related Class of Notes;

the related Interest Rate; and

the actual number of days from and including the previous Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial
Payment Date, since the Closing Date) to but excluding the current Payment Date divided by 360.

Class A Notes
means the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.

Class A-1 Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the February 2026 Payment Date.

Class A-1 Interest
Rate means 4.411% per annum computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and on a 360 day year.

Class A-1 Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class A-1 Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-1 Notes
means the Class A-1 4.411% Asset-Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to the Indenture.

Class A-2 Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the April 2028 Payment Date.

Class A-2 Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class A-2 Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-2 Notes
means the Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes.

Class A-2a
Interest Rate means 4.49% per annum computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months.

App. A-6

Class A-2a
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-2a Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-2a
Notes means the Class A-2a 4.49% Asset-Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2a to the Indenture.

Class A-2b
Interest Rate means with respect to any Payment Date, the SOFR Rate for the related Payment Date plus 0.33% per annum (computed
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and on a 360 day year); provided, that for any Interest Accrual Period for which the
sum of the SOFR Rate plus 0.33% is less than 0.00%, the Class A-2b Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%. Upon the occurrence
of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, the Class A-2b Interest Rate shall be as determined by
the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

Class A-2b
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-2b Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-2b
Notes means the Class A-2b Floating Rate Asset-Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2b to the Indenture.

Class A-3 Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the March 2030 Payment Date.

Class A-3 Interest
Rate means 4.73% per annum computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months.

Class A-3 Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class A-3 Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-3 Notes
means the Class A-3 4.73% Asset-Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3 to the Indenture.

Class A-4 Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the November 2030 Payment Date.

Class A-4 Interest
Rate means 4.86% per annum computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months.

Class A-4 Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class A-4 Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A-4 Notes
means the Class A-4 4.86% Asset-Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-4 to the Indenture.

Class B Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the November 2030 Payment Date.

Class B Interest
Rate means 5.08% per annum computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months.

App. A-7

Class B Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class B Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class B Noteholders
Interest Carryover Shortfall means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess of the Class B Noteholders Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Payment Date, over the amount in respect of interest that was actually paid on the Class B
Notes on such preceding Payment Date, plus interest on the amount of interest due but not paid to holders of the Class B Notes on
the preceding Payment Date, to the extent permitted by law, at the interest rate borne by the Class B Notes for the related Interest
Accrual Period.

Class B Noteholders
Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of the Class B Noteholders Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for such Payment Date and the Class B Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Payment
Date.

Class B Noteholders
Monthly Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, interest accrued for the related Interest Accrual
Period on the Class B Notes at the interest rate for such Class on the Outstanding Amount of the Notes of such Class on
the immediately preceding Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, on the Closing Date), after giving effect to all
payments of principal to the Noteholders of such Class on or prior to such preceding Payment Date. For all purposes of this Agreement
and the Basic Documents, interest with respect to all Class B Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. The interest due on these Classes of notes on each Payment Date will be the product of:

the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Class B Notes;

the Class B Interest Rate; and

30 (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, 16) divided by 360.

Class B Notes
means the Class B 5.08% Asset-Backed Notes substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Indenture.

Class C Final
Scheduled Payment Date means the October 2031 Payment Date.

Class C Interest
Rate means 5.17% per annum computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months.

Class C Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class C Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class C Noteholders
Interest Carryover Shortfall means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess of the Class C Noteholders Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Payment Date, over the amount in respect of interest that was actually paid on the Class C
Notes on such preceding Payment Date, plus interest on the amount of interest due but not paid to holders of the Class C Notes on
the preceding Payment Date, to the extent permitted by law, at the interest rate borne by the Class C Notes for the related Interest
Accrual Period.

App. A-8

Class C Noteholders
Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of the Class C Noteholders Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for such Payment Date and the Class C Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Payment
Date.

Class C Noteholders
Monthly Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, interest accrued for the related Interest Accrual
Period on the Class C Notes at the interest rate for such Class on the Outstanding Amount of the Notes of such Class on
the immediately preceding Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, on the Closing Date), after giving effect to all
payments of principal to the Noteholders of such Class on or prior to such preceding Payment Date. For all purposes of this Agreement
and the Basic Documents, interest with respect to all Class C Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months. The interest due on these Classes of notes on each Payment Date will be the product of:

the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Class C Notes;

the Class C Interest Rate; and

30 (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, 16) divided by 360.

Class C Notes
means the Class C 5.17% Asset-Backed Notes substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Indenture.

Clearing Agency
means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.

Clearing Agency
Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing
Agency effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency.

Closing Date
shall mean January 29, 2025.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

Code of Ethics for
Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes means The Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes of 1977, as revised in 2003,
and otherwise revised, modified, amended or supplemented from time to time.

Collateral
has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause of the Indenture.

Collection Account
means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(i) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

App. A-9

Collection Account
Redeposits means, with respect to any Payment Date, amounts that would have been distributed to the Certificateholders on the
immediately preceding Payment Date but for the direction of the Certificateholders causing such amounts to remain on deposit in the Collection
Account.

Collection Period
means, with respect to any Payment Date, the period from and including the first day of the calendar month immediately preceding the calendar
month in which such Payment Date occurs (or with respect to the initial Payment Date, from but excluding the Cutoff Date) to and including
the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs. Any amount stated as of
the last day of a Collection Period shall give effect to the following applications as determined as of the close of business on such
last day: (1) all applications of collections and (2) all distributions to be made on the related Payment Date.

Collections
shall mean all amounts collected by the Servicer (from whatever source) on or with respect to the Receivables.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Compounded SOFR
with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, shall mean:

(1) the applicable compounded
average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor of 30 days as published on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day at the SOFR Determination
Time; or

(2) if the rate specified
in (1) above does not so appear, the applicable compounded average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor as published in respect of
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate appeared on the FRBNYs Website.

The specific Compounded SOFR
rate is referred to by its tenor. For example, 30-day Average SOFR refers to the compounded average SOFR over a rolling
30-calendar day period as published on the FRBNYs Website.

Contract
means a motor vehicle retail installment sale contract.

Contract Rate
means, with respect to a Receivable, the rate of interest stated in the related Contract or then applicable to such Receivable.

Controlling Party
shall mean a senior or executive officer or senior manager or any other individual who regularly performs similar functions; including
any individual who performs such function indirectly through a Person that beneficially owns or controls the Certificateholders or Administrator.

Controlling Securities
means (i) the Class A Notes so long as the Class A Notes are outstanding, (ii) after the Class A Notes are no
longer outstanding, the Class B Notes so long as the Class B Notes are outstanding and (iii) after the Class B Notes
are no longer outstanding, the Class C Notes so long as the Class C Notes are outstanding.

App. A-10

Corporate Trust
Office means:

(a) with
respect to the Indenture Trustee, (i) solely for purposes of registration, transfer or exchange of the Notes, 111 East Fillmore Avenue,
EP-MN-WS2N, St. Paul, Minnesota 55107, Attention: Bondholder Services and (ii) for all other purposes, the principal office of the
Indenture Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered which office at the date of the execution
of the Indenture is located at 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention: Corporate Trust Services,
World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, or at such other address or electronic mail address as the Indenture Trustee may designate from
time to time by notice to the Noteholders and the Issuing Entity, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Indenture Trustee
at the address or electronic mail address designated by such successor Indenture Trustee by notice to the Noteholders and the Issuing
Entity; and

(b) with
respect to the Owner Trustee, the corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee located at Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney
Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration WOART 2025-A,
jmuller@WilmingtonTrust.com, or at such other address or electronic mail address as the Owner Trustee may designate by notice to the Certificateholders
and the Depositor, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Owner Trustee at the address or electronic mail address designated
by such successor Owner Trustee by notice to the Certificateholders and the Depositor.

Corresponding Tenor
means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any business
day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.

Cutoff Date
means the close of business on January 2, 2025.

Dealer
means the dealer who sold a Financed Vehicle and who originated and assigned the related Receivable to World Omni under an existing agreement
between such dealer and World Omni.

Debt Opinion
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b) of the Indenture.

Default
means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Receivable
means a Receivable as to which (a) more than $40 of a scheduled payment is 120 or more days past due in accordance with its terms,
(b) the Servicer has either repossessed and liquidated the related Financed Vehicle or repossessed and held the related Financed
Vehicle in its repossession inventory for 45 days, whichever occurs first, or (c) the Servicer has, in accordance with its customary
servicing procedures, determined that eventual payment in full is unlikely and has charged off the remaining Principal Balance. The Principal
Balance of any Receivable that becomes a Defaulted Receivable will be deemed to be zero as of the date it becomes a Defaulted Receivable.

Definitive Notes
has the meaning specified in Section 2.11 of the Indenture.

App. A-11

Delinquency Percentage
means, for each Payment Date and the related Collection Period, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the aggregate Principal
Balance of all Delinquent Receivables held by the Issuing Entity that are more than 60 days delinquent to (ii) the aggregate Principal
Balance of the Receivables, in each case, as of the last day of the related Collection Period, after giving effect to all payments of
principal received from obligors and Purchase Amounts to be remitted by the Servicer or the Depositor, as the case may be, and after reduction
to zero of the aggregate outstanding Principal Balance of any Receivable that became a Defaulted Receivable during the related Collection
Period.

Delinquency Trigger
means 4.70%.

Delinquent Receivable
means a Receivable as to which more than $40 of a scheduled payment is past due, including a Receivable with a bankrupt Obligor but excluding
a Defaulted Receivable.

Delivery
when used with respect to Trust Account Property means:

(a) with
respect to bankers acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute instruments
within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC and are susceptible of physical delivery, transfer thereof to the Indenture
Trustee or its nominee or custodian by physical delivery to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian endorsed to, or registered
in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank, and, with respect to a certificated security (as
defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC) transfer thereof (i) by delivery of such certificated security endorsed to, or registered
in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank to a financial intermediary (as defined in Section 8-313
of the UCC) and the making by such financial intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such certificated securities
as belonging to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian and the sending by such financial intermediary of a confirmation of
the purchase of such certificated security by the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, or (ii) by delivery thereof to a
clearing corporation (as defined in Section 8-102(3) of the UCC) and the making by such clearing corporation of
appropriate entries on its books reducing the appropriate securities account of the transferor and increasing the appropriate securities
account of a financial intermediary by the amount of such certificated security, the identification by the clearing corporation of the
certificated securities for the sole and exclusive account of the financial intermediary, the maintenance of such certificated securities
by such clearing corporation or a custodian bank (as defined in Section 8-102(4) of the UCC) or the nominee of
either subject to the clearing corporations exclusive control, the sending of a confirmation by the financial intermediary of the
purchase by the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian of such securities and the making by such financial intermediary of entries
on its books and records identifying such certificated securities as belonging to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian (all
of the foregoing, Physical Property), and, in any event, any such Physical Property in registered form shall be in
the name of the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate
to effect the complete transfer of ownership of any such Trust Account Property (as defined herein) to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee
or custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

App. A-12

(b) with
respect to any securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal National Mortgage
Association that are book-entry securities held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations, the following
procedures, all in accordance with applicable law, including applicable Federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC: book-entry
registration of such Trust Account Property to an appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a financial
intermediary which is also a depository pursuant to applicable Federal regulations and issuance by such financial intermediary
of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian
of the purchase by the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian of such book-entry securities; the identification by the Federal
Reserve Bank of such book-entry securities on its record being credited to the financial intermediarys Participants securities
account; the making by such financial intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such book-entry security held through
the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as being credited to the Indenture Trustees securities account
or custodians securities account and indicating that such custodian holds such Trust Account Property solely as agent for the Indenture
Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect complete
transfer of ownership of any such Trust Account Property to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes
in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof; and

(c) with
respect to any item of Trust Account Property that is an uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed
by clause (b) above, registration on the books and records of the issuer thereof in the name of the financial intermediary, the sending
of a confirmation by the financial intermediary of the purchase by the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian of such uncertificated
security, the making by such financial intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such uncertificated certificates as
belonging to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian.

Depositor
means World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its successors, in its capacity as Depositor under certain
of the Basic Documents.

Eligible Deposit
Account means either (a) a segregated account with an Eligible Institution or (b) a segregated trust account with
an Eligible Trust Account Institution.

Eligible Institution
means a depository institution or trust company (which may be the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their respective affiliates)
organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the states thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic
branch of a foreign bank), (i) which has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by Fitch
and an issuer credit rating of BBB or better by S&P, (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit
rating of F1 or better by Fitch and A-2 or better by S&P or (C) such other rating that is acceptable
to each Rating Agency and (ii) whose deposits are insured by the FDIC.

App. A-13

Eligible Investments
shall mean any of the following in each case with a required maturity date as set forth in Section 5.01(b) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement:

(a) (i) direct
obligations of, and obligations guaranteed as to full and timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency
or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (other than
the Government National Mortgage Association), and (ii) direct obligations of, or obligations fully guaranteed by, Fannie Mae or
any State then rated with the highest available credit rating of Fitch (if rated by Fitch) and S&P, or such obligations, which obligations
are, at the time of investment, otherwise acceptable to each Rating Agency for securities having a rating at least equivalent to the rating
of the Notes;

(b) money
market deposit accounts, deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, demand or time deposits, savings deposits, bankers acceptances, or
federal funds, in each case as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and issued by or sold by
or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank or any depository institution or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee,
the Account Bank or the Owner Trustee or their successors) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States or any State
thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $250,000,000 and the deposits of which are insured
by the FDIC to the full extent legally permitted, so long as at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such
investment either such depository institution or trust company is an Eligible Institution (or has a rating on commercial paper or other
short term unsecured debt obligations of F1 by Fitch so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency) or as to which the Rating Agency Condition is
satisfied;

(c) repurchase
obligations held by the Indenture Trustee or Account Bank with respect to (i) any security described in clause (a) above or
(e) below, or (ii) any other security issued or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, in either
case entered into with a federal agency or depository institution or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee or Account Bank) acting
as principal, whose obligations having the same maturity as that of the repurchase agreement would be Eligible Investments under clause
(b) above; provided, however, that repurchase obligations entered into with any particular depository institution
or trust company (including the Indenture Trustee, Account Bank or Owner Trustee) will not be Eligible Investments to the extent that
the aggregate principal amount of such repurchase obligations with such depository institution or trust company held by the Indenture
Trustee on behalf of the Trust shall exceed 10% of either the Pool Balance or the aggregate unpaid balance or face amount, as the case
may be, of all Eligible Investments held by the Indenture Trustee (or the Account Bank on its behalf) on behalf of the Trust;

App. A-14

(d) securities
bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State so long
as at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment, either the long-term, unsecured debt of such
corporation has the highest available credit rating from Fitch and S&P, or the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied, or commercial
paper or other short-term debt having the Required Rating; provided, however, that any such commercial paper or other short-term
debt may have a remaining term to maturity of no longer than 30 days after the date of such investment or contractual commitment providing
for such investment, and that the securities issued by any particular corporation will not be Eligible Investments to the extent that
investment therein will cause the then outstanding principal amount or face amount, as the case may be, of securities issued by such corporation
and held by the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Trust to exceed 10% of either the Pool Balance or the aggregate unpaid principal balance
or face amount, as the case may be, of all Eligible Investments held by the Indenture Trustee (or the Account Bank on its behalf) on behalf
of the Trust;

(e) interest
in any open-end or closed-end management type investment company or investment trust (i) registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, the portfolio of which is limited to the obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States and to agreements
to repurchase such obligations, which agreements, with respect to principal and interest, are at least 100% collateralized by such obligations
marked to market on a daily basis and the investment company or investment trust shall take delivery of such obligations either directly
or through an independent custodian designated in accordance with the Investment Company Act and (ii) acceptable to each Rating Agency
(for which the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied) as collateral for securities having ratings equivalent to the ratings of the
Notes;

(f) guaranteed
reinvestment agreements issued by any bank, insurance company or other corporation, so long as at the time of such investment or contractual
commitment providing for such investment either such bank, insurance company or other corporation is an Eligible Institution (or has a
rating on commercial paper or other short term unsecured debt obligations of F1 by Fitch so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency) or as to
which the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied;

(g) investments
in Eligible Investments maintained in sweep accounts, short-term asset management accounts and the like utilized for the
investment, on an overnight basis, of residual balances in investment accounts maintained at the Indenture Trustee or any other depository
institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any state that is a member of the FDIC, the short-term debt
of which has the highest available credit rating of Fitch and S&P;

(h) guaranteed
investment contracts entered into with any financial institution having a final maturity of not more than one month from the date of acquisition,
the short-term debt securities of which institution have the Required Rating;

(i) funds
classified as money market funds; provided, however, that the fund shall be rated with the highest available credit
rating of Fitch (if rated by Fitch or, if not rated by Fitch, an equivalent rating by Moodys Investors Service, Inc.) and
S&P, and redemptions shall be permitted on a daily or next business day basis;

App. A-15

(j) auction
rate securities issued with a rate reset mechanism and a maximum term of 30 days; providedthat investment will be limited
to those issuers having the AAA credit rating of Fitch and S&P;

(k) such
other investments for which the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied; and

(l) for
the purposes of funds held in the Reserve Account only, in addition to the above requirements, such funds may only be invested in Eligible
Investments meeting the requirements of 246.4(b)(2) of Regulation RR, as determined solely by the Servicer.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in the foregoing definition:

(a) no
Eligible Investment may be repurchased at a premium;

(b) any
of the foregoing which constitutes a certificated security shall not be considered an Eligible Investment unless:

(i) in
the case of a certificated security that is in bearer form, (A) the Indenture Trustee or a designee on its behalf acquires physical
possession of such certificated security, or (B) a person, other than a securities intermediary, acquires possession of such certificated
security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee or on behalf of a designee that is acting on behalf of the Indenture Trustee; and

(ii) in
the case of a certificated security that is in registered form (A)(1) the Indenture Trustee or a designee on its behalf acquires
physical possession of such certificated security, (2) a person, other than a securities intermediary, acquires possession of such
certificated security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee or on behalf of a designee that is acting on behalf of the Indenture Trustee,
or (3) a securities intermediary acting on behalf of the Indenture Trustee or on behalf of a designee that is acting on behalf of
the Indenture Trustee acquires possession of such certificated security and such certificated security has been specially endorsed to
the Indenture Trustee, and (B) (1) such certificated security is endorsed to the Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank or in blank
by an effective endorsement, or (2) such certificated security is registered in the name of the Indenture Trustee;

(c) any
of the foregoing that constitutes an uncertificated security shall not be considered an Eligible Investment unless (A) the Indenture
Trustee or a designee on its behalf is registered by the issuer as the owner thereof, (B) a person, other than a securities intermediary,
becomes the registered owner of such uncertificated security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee or on behalf of a designee that is acting
on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, or (C) the issuer of such uncertificated security agrees that it will comply with the instructions
originated by the Indenture Trustee or its designee without further consent by any registered owner of such uncertificated security;

App. A-16

(d) any
of the foregoing that constitutes a security entitlement shall not be considered an Eligible Investment unless (A) the Indenture
Trustee or a designee acting on its behalf becomes the entitlement holder thereof, or (B) the securities intermediary has agreed
to comply with the entitlement orders originated by the Indenture Trustee or a designee acting on its behalf without further consent by
the entitlement holder;

(e) any
of the foregoing shall not constitute an Eligible Investment unless the Indenture Trustee or a designee acting on its behalf (A) has
given value, and (B) does not have notice of an adverse claim; and

(f) for
the purposes of funds held in the Collection Account only, investments which would otherwise qualify as Eligible Investments but for the
fact that such investments are rated A-1 by S&P shall be Eligible Investments, so long as the aggregate amount of such investments
does not exceed 10% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes.

Eligible Trust Account
Institution means the corporate trust department of a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States
of America or any one of the states thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), having corporate trust
powers, so long as such depository institution has either (A) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by Fitch
and an issuer credit rating of BBB or better by S&P, (B) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit
rating of F1 or better by Fitch and A-2 or better by S&P or (C) such other rating that is acceptable
to each Rating Agency. So long as such institution qualifies, the Eligible Trust Account Institution may be the Owner trustee, the Indenture
trustee, the Account Bank or any of their respective affiliates.

ERISA
shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 3.04 of the Trust Agreement.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 5.01 of the Indenture.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Executive Officer
means, with respect to any company, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, any Executive
Vice President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of such company; and with respect to
any partnership, any general partner thereof.

Expenses
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02 of the Trust Agreement.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code.

FATCA Withholding
Tax means any withholding or deduction pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements (including any intergovernmental agreements)
thereunder or official interpretations thereof.

FDIC
means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

App. A-17

Final Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus dated January 22, 2025, relating to the Notes.

Final Scheduled
Payment Date means (i) with respect to the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (ii) with
respect to the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (iii) with respect to the Class A-3 Notes,
the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (iv) with respect to the Class A-4 Notes, the Class A-4 Final Scheduled
Payment Date, (v) with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date and (vi) with respect
to the Class C Notes, the Class C Final Scheduled Payment Date.

Financed Vehicle
means an automobile or light-duty truck, together with all accessions thereto, securing an Obligors indebtedness under the respective
Receivable.

Financial Asset
has the meaning given such term in Revised Article 8. As used herein, the Financial Asset related to a security entitlement
is the Financial Asset in which the entitlement holder (as defined in the New York UCC) holding such Security Entitlement has the rights
and property interest specified in the New York UCC.

Fitch
means Fitch Ratings, Inc. or its successor.

Force Majeure
means any delay or failure in performance caused by acts beyond the Servicers, the Indenture Trustees or the Issuing Entitys,
as applicable, control, including acts of God, terrorism, war, vandalism, sabotage, ransomware, accidents, fires, floods, hurricanes,
tornados, civil unrest, strikes, labor disputes, mechanical or electronic breakdown, shortages or delays in obtaining suitable parts or
equipment, material, labor, or transportation, acts of subcontractors, interruption of utility services, epidemics or pandemics, acts
of any unit of government or governmental agency, or any similar or dissimilar cause.

FRBNY
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

FRBNYs Website
shall mean the website of the FRBNY, currently at https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind or at such other page as
may replace such page on the FRBNYs website.

Grant
means mortgage, pledge, bargain, warrant, alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create, and grant a lien upon and a security
interest in and a right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm pursuant to the Indenture. A Grant of the Collateral or of any
other agreement or instrument shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder,
including the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments in respect
of the Collateral and all other monies payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other
agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring Proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to
do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

App. A-18

Holder
or Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register.

Indemnified Parties
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02 of the Trust Agreement.

Indenture
shall mean the Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Trust, the Indenture Trustee and the Account Bank, as the same may be
amended and supplemented from time to time.

Indenture Trustee
means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture,
or any successor Indenture Trustee under the Indenture.

Independent
means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that the Person (a) is in fact independent of the Issuing Entity, any other
obligor on the Notes, the Depositor and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons, (b) does not have any direct financial interest
or any material indirect financial interest in the Issuing Entity, any such other obligor, the Depositor or any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing Persons and (c) is not connected with the Issuing Entity, any such other obligor, the Depositor or any Affiliate of any
of the foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or person performing similar functions.

Independent Certificate
means a certificate or opinion to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying
with, the applicable requirements of Section 11.01 of the Indenture, made by an Independent appraiser or other expert appointed
by an Issuing Entity Order and approved by the Indenture Trustee in the exercise of reasonable care, and such opinion or certificate shall
state that the signer has read the definition of Independent in the Indenture and that the signer is Independent within
the meaning thereof.

Initial Aggregate
Starting Principal Balance means $1,305,673,100.29.

Initial Trust Agreement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12 of the Trust Agreement.

Insolvency Event
means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises
in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator
or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons
affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or (b) the commencement
by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter
in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent
by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar
official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit
of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person
in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

App. A-19

Interest Accrual
Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, (i) for the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes, the period
from and including the previous Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, the Closing Date) to, but excluding, the current
Payment Date and (ii) for the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and
the Class C Notes, the period from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar month (or, in the case of the initial Payment
Date, the Closing Date) to, but excluding, the 15th day of the current calendar month.

Interest Rate
means the Class A-1 Interest Rate, the Class A-2a Interest Rate, the Class A-2b Interest Rate, the Class A-3 Interest
Rate, the Class A-4 Interest Rate, the Class B Interest Rate or the Class C Interest Rate, as applicable.

Investment Earnings
means, with respect to any Payment Date, the investment earnings (net of losses and investment expenses) on amounts on deposit in the
Trust Accounts to be deposited into the Collection Account on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.01(b) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.

Investment Letter
has the meaning assigned in Section 2.04(a) of the Indenture.

ISDA Definitions
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto,
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time
to time.

ISDA Fallback Adjustment
means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark.

ISDA Fallback Rate
shall mean the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.

Issuing Entity
means World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means the successor and, for purposes of
any provision contained in the Indenture and required by the TIA, each other obligor on the Notes.

Issuing Entity Order
or Issuing Entity Request means a written order or request signed in the name of the Issuing Entity by any one of
its Authorized Officers and delivered to the Indenture Trustee.

App. A-20

Lien
means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity or encumbrance of any kind, other than tax liens, mechanics liens and any
liens that attach to the respective Receivable by operation of law as a result of any act or omission by the related Obligor.

Monthly Remittance
Condition means each of the following conditions has been satisfied: (i) World Omni is the Servicer, (ii) no Servicer
Default shall have occurred and is continuing, and (iii) (a) World Omnis long-term unsecured debt obligations rating
by S&P is BBB or better and (b) World Omnis unsecured debt obligations rating by any other Rating Agency is acceptable
to such other Rating Agency.

Note Depository
Agreement means the letter of representations, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Issuing Entity and The Depository
Trust Company, as the initial Clearing Agency.

Note Distribution
Account means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(ii) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Note Owner
means, with respect to a Book-Entry Note, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Book-Entry Note, as reflected on the books of
the Clearing Agency or on the books of a Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency (directly as a Clearing Agency Participant
or as an indirect participant, in each case in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).

Note Pool Factor
means, with respect to each Class of Notes as of the close of business on the last day of a Collection Period, a seven-digit decimal
figure equal to the Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes (after giving effect to any reductions thereof to be made on the immediately
following Payment Date) divided by the original Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes. The Note Pool Factor will be 1.0000000
as of the Closing Date; thereafter, the Note Pool Factor will decline to reflect reductions in the Outstanding Amount of such Class of
Notes.

Note Register
and Note Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.05 of the Indenture.

Noteholder FATCA
Information means, with respect to any Noteholder or Note Owner, information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or
determine the amount of, U.S. withholding tax under FATCA.

Noteholder Tax Identification
Information means, with respect to any Noteholder or Note Owner, properly completed and signed tax certifications (generally,
in the case of U.S. federal income tax, IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is a United
States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or the appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or applicable successor
form) in the case of a person that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code).

Noteholders
shall mean the holders of the Notes.

Noteholders
First Priority Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any,
of (a) the Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes as of the day immediately preceding such Payment Date over (b) the Pool
Balance for that Payment Date.

App. A-21

Noteholders
Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of the Class A Noteholders Interest
Distributable Amount for such Payment Date, the Class B Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount for such Payment Date and
the Class C Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount for such Payment Date.

Noteholders
Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the Outstanding
Amount of the Notes as of the day immediately preceding that Payment Date over (b) the Pool Balance for that Payment Date minus
the Overcollateralization Target Amount for that Payment Date, providedthat on the Final Scheduled Payment Date of
any Class of Notes, the Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount shall not be less than the amount necessary to reduce
the aggregate Principal Balance of such Class of Notes to zero.

Noteholders
Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any,
of (a) the Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes as of the day immediately preceding such Payment
Date over (b) the Pool Balance for that Payment Date less (c) any amounts allocated to the Noteholders First Priority
Principal Distributable Amount.

Noteholders
Third Priority Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any,
of (a) the Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes as of the day immediately
preceding such Payment Date over (b) the Pool Balance for that Payment Date less (c) any amounts allocated to the sum of the
Noteholders First Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Noteholders Second Priority Principal Distributable Amount.

Notes
means Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class A-3 Notes, Class A-4 Notes, Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes.

Obligor
on a Receivable means the purchaser or co-purchasers of the Financed Vehicle and any other Person who owes payments under the Receivable.

Officers
Certificate means in the case of (i) the Issuing Entity, a certificate signed by any Authorized Officer of the Issuing
Entity, under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying with, the applicable requirements of Section 11.01 of
the Indenture, and delivered to the Indenture Trustee (unless otherwise specified, any reference in the Indenture to an Officers
Certificate shall be to an Officers Certificate of any Authorized Officer of the Issuing Entity), and (ii) World Omni, the
Depositor or the Servicer, a certificate signed by the president, a vice president, a treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary or assistant
secretary of World Omni, the Depositor or the Servicer, as appropriate.

Opinion of Counsel
means one or more written opinions of counsel who may, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture, be an employee of or counsel
to the Issuing Entity and who shall be satisfactory to the addressees of such opinion, and which opinion or opinions if addressed to the
Indenture Trustee, shall comply with any applicable requirements of Section 11.01 of the Indenture and shall be in form and
substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee.

App. A-22

Outstanding
means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

(a) Notes
theretofore cancelled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

(b) Notes
or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Indenture Trustee or any
Paying Agent in trust for the Holders of such Notes (provided, however, that if such Notes are to be redeemed, notice of
such redemption has been duly given or waived pursuant to the Indenture or provision for such notice or waiver has been made which is
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee); and

(c) Notes
in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a protected purchaser;

provided,
that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have given any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or under any Basic Document, Notes owned by the Issuing Entity, any other
obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding,
except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge are so owned
shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes
to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not
the Issuing Entity, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons.

Outstanding Amount
means the aggregate principal amount of all Notes, or Class of Notes, as applicable, Outstanding at the date of determination.

Overcollateralization
Target Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to 0.90% of the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables
as of the end of the related Collection Period less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount of those Receivables as of the last
day of the related Collection Period, but not less than the result of 0.50% of the Aggregate Starting Principal Balance of the Receivables
minus the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of the Closing Date.

Owner Trust Estate
shall mean all right, title and interest of the Trust in and to the property and rights assigned to the Trust pursuant to Article II
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and all other property of the Trust
from time to time, including any rights of the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Administration Agreement.

App. A-23

Owner Trustee
shall mean Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee under the Trust Agreement,
and any successor Owner Trustee thereunder.

Paying Agent
means the Indenture Trustee or any other Person that meets the eligibility standards for the Indenture Trustee specified in Section 6.11
of the Indenture and is authorized by the Issuing Entity to make payments to and distributions from the Collection Account and the Note
Distribution Account, including payments of principal of or interest on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity.

Payment Date
means, with respect to each Collection Period, the fifteenth day of the following month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
following Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

Payment Determination
Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, one (1) Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date.

Percentage Interest
shall mean, with respect to each Trust Certificate, the percentage beneficial interest in the Trust represented by such Trust Certificate.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
(including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Personally Identifiable
Information means information in any format about an identifiable individual, including name, address, phone number, e-mail
address, account number(s), identification number(s), any other actual or assigned attribute associated with or identifiable to an individual
and any information that when used separately or in combination with other information could identify an individual.

Physical Property
has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Delivery above.

Plan
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04 of the Trust Agreement.

Pool Balance
means, as of any Payment Date, the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the last day of the related Collection Period
less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of such day of the related Collection Period after giving effect to all payments
of principal received from obligors and Purchase Amounts to be remitted by the Servicer or the Depositor, as the case may be, and after
reduction to zero of the aggregate outstanding Principal Balance of any Receivable that became a Defaulted Receivable during the related
Collection Period.

Predecessor Note
means, with respect to any particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such
particular Note; and, for the purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 of the Indenture
in lieu of a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or
stolen Note.

App. A-24

Principal Balance
of a Receivable, as of the close of business on the last day of a Collection Period, means the Amount Financed minus the sum of (i) the
portion of all payments made by or on behalf of the related Obligor on or prior to such day and allocable to principal using the Simple
Interest Method; (ii) refunds of any warranty or insurance financed on the original Contract; and (iii) any payment of the Purchase
Amount with respect to the Receivable allocable to principal.

Proceeding
means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.

Purchase Amount
means, with respect to a Receivable, the amount, as of the close of business on the last day of the Collection Period as of which that
Receivable is purchased, required to prepay in full that Receivable under the terms thereof including accrued and unpaid interest to such
last day.

Purchase Date
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Purchase Price
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Purchased Receivable
means a Receivable purchased as of the close of business on the last day of a Collection Period by the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.02
or Section 4.07 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by World Omni pursuant to Section 3.02(b) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.

Rating Agencies
means, for so long as such organization is rating a Class of Notes, Fitch and S&P or, if none of such organizations or successors
is any longer in existence, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Depositor,
notice of which designation shall be given to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Servicer.

Rating Agency Condition
means, with respect to any action, that each Rating Agency then rating a Class of Notes shall have received 5 Business Days
(or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to each Rating Agency) prior written notice and shall not have notified the Depositor that
such action will result in a downgrade of the then current rating on any Notes.

Receivable
means any Contract listed on the Schedule of Receivables attached to an Assignment (which Schedule may be in the form of microfiche),
as such Schedule may be amended from time to time.

Receivable Files
means the documents specified in Section 3.03 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

App. A-25

Receivables Purchase
Agreement shall mean the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between World Omni, as seller, and World
Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as purchaser, as amended from time to time.

Record Date
means, with respect to a Payment Date or Redemption Date, and (i) any Book-Entry Notes, the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding such Payment Date or Redemption Date or (ii) any Definitive Notes, the Payment Date in the preceding month.

Recoveries
means, with respect to any Defaulted Receivable and any Collection Period, monies collected in respect thereof, from whatever source,
net of any expenses of the Servicer in connection with such Receivable for which the Servicer has not been previously reimbursed and any
amounts required by law to be remitted to the Obligor.

Redemption Date
means, in the case of a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture, the Payment Date specified by
the Depositor or the Issuing Entity pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture.

Redemption Price
means, in connection with a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture, with respect to any Note,
an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the Redemption Date.

Reference Time
shall mean, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Administrator after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes.

Registered Holder
means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register on the applicable Record Date.

Regulation AB
means Subpart 229.1100 Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. 229.1100-229.1125, as such may be amended
from time to time and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have been provided by the Commission in the adopting releases
(Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518. 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506, 1,531 (January 7, 2005) and Asset-Backed Securities
Disclosure and Registration, Securities Act Release No. 33-9638, 79 Fed. Reg. 57, 184 (September 24, 2014)) or by the staff
of the Commission, or as may be provided by the Commission or its staff from time to time.

Regulation RR or
Credit Risk Retention Rules means risk retention regulations in 17 C.F.R. Part 246 as such regulation may be amended from
time to time and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have been provided by the Commission in an adopting release or by
the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided in writing by the Commission or its staff from time to time.

Relevant Governmental
Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.

App. A-26

Reporting Officer
means, with respect to the Owner Trustee, any officer, employee or other person within the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee
having direct responsibility for the administration of the Trust Agreement.

Reporting Subcontractor
shall mean with respect to any Person, any Subcontractor for such Person that is participating in the servicing function
within the meaning of Item 1122 of Regulation AB. References to a Reporting Subcontractor shall refer only to the Subcontractor of such
Person and shall not refer to Subcontractors generally.

Repurchase Event
shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.02 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Repurchase Request
has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(c)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Repurchase Rules and
Regulations shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.14 of the Indenture.

Requesting Party
has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(c)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Required
Rate means, (i) with respect to the Cutoff Date, and any Collection Period and the related Payment Date on or prior
to the date on which the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2 Notes is paid in full, 9.25% per annum, and (ii) with respect to
any Collection Period and the related Payment Date after the date on which the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2 Notes is paid
in full, 9.00% per annum, or, in each case, such other percentage approved by the Rating Agencies.

Required Rating
means a rating on commercial paper or other short term unsecured debt obligations of F1 by Fitch so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency and
A-1+ by S&P Global Ratings so long as S&P is a Rating Agency; and any requirement that deposits or debt obligations have the Required
Rating shall mean that such deposits or debt obligations have the foregoing required ratings from Fitch and S&P.

Required Reserve
Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, 0.25% (or such other higher percentage as may be determined by the Depositor,
in its sole discretion, on or prior to the Closing Date) of the difference of the Aggregate Starting Principal Balance less the Yield
Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of the Cutoff Date of all Receivables transferred to the Trust.

Reserve Account
means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(iii) and Section 5.07
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Reserve Account
Initial Deposit means cash or Eligible Investments having a value of $3,063,404.27.

App. A-27

Responsible Officer
means, with respect to the Indenture Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, including any vice
president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, senior associate, associate, trust officer or any other officer, employee or
other person of the Indenture Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers
and, with respect to each, having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture and also, with respect to a particular
matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular
subject.

Retained Notes
means [reserved].

Review
means a review by the Asset Representations Reviewer as specified in the Asset Representations Review Agreement of all Delinquent Receivables
that have been Delinquent Receivables for 60 days or more as of the last day of the preceding Collection Period to determine whether such
Delinquent Receivables satisfy the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, each as of the date as specified in Section 3.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Review Notice
means the notice from the Indenture Trustee to the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuing Entity and the Servicer pursuant to Section 7.05(c) of
the Indenture notifying the Asset Representations Reviewer that the Noteholders have requested a Review.

Review Receivable
has the meaning designated in Section 1.02 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Review Report
has the meaning designated in Section 3.04 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

RPA Assignment
has the meaning designated in Section 2.01 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Sale and Servicing
Agreement means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuing Entity, the Depositor, World
Omni, as Servicer, and the Account Bank, as amended from time to time.

Schedule of Receivables
shall mean the schedule attached to the RPA Assignment or the SSA Assignment specifying the Receivables being transferred, as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time.

Secretary of State
shall mean the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Securitization Transaction
means any transaction effected after the Closing Date involving an issuance of notes pursuant to the Indenture, whether publicly offered
or privately placed, rated or unrated.

Servicer
means World Omni, in its capacity as servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and any Successor Servicer thereunder.

App. A-28

Servicer Default
means an event specified in Section 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicers
Certificate means a certificate of the Servicer delivered pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicing Criteria
means the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB, as such may be amended from time to time.

Servicing Fee
means the fee payable to the Servicer for services rendered during each Collection Period, determined pursuant to Section 4.08
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicing Fee Rate
means 1.00% per annum.

Similar Law
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04 of the Trust Agreement.

Simple Interest
Method means the method of allocating a fixed level payment to principal and interest, pursuant to which the portion of such
payment that is allocated to interest is equal to the product of the fixed rate of interest multiplied by the unpaid principal balance
multiplied by the period of time elapsed since the preceding payment of interest was made and the remainder of such payment is allocable
to principal.

Simple Interest
Receivable means any Receivable under which the portion of a payment allocable to interest and the portion allocable to principal
is determined in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

SOFR
means, with respect to any day, the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as
the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website.

SOFR Adjustment
Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including
changes to the Interest Accrual Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) decides, from time to time, may
be appropriate to adjust such SOFR Rate in a manner substantially consistent with or conforming to market practice (or, if the Administrator
(on behalf of the Issuing Entity) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if
the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines that no market practice exists, in such other manner as the Administrator
(on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines is reasonably necessary).

SOFR Adjustment
Date shall mean the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day before the first day of such Interest Accrual Period.

SOFR Determination
Time means 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day, at which time Compounded SOFR is
published on the FRBNYs Website.

App. A-29

SOFR Rate
shall mean the rate that will be determined by the Administrator for each Interest Accrual Period on the SOFR Adjustment Date as of the
SOFR Determination Time (or, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the Reference Time) and, except as provided in the Indenture following a determination
by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred, shall mean, with respect to the Class A-2b Notes as of any SOFR Adjustment Date, a rate equal to Compounded SOFR; provided, that,
the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) will have the right, in its sole discretion, to make applicable SOFR Adjustment Conforming
Changes.

Sponsor
means World Omni Financial Corp., a Florida corporation, or its successors.

SSA Assignment
has the meaning assigned in Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, or its successor.

Starting Principal
Balance means with respect to a Receivable, the aggregate principal amount advanced under such Receivable toward the purchase
price of the Financed Vehicle or Financed Vehicles, including insurance premiums, service and warranty contracts, federal excise and sales
taxes and other items customarily financed as part of a Receivable and related costs, less payments received from the Obligor prior to
the Cutoff Date with respect to such Receivable allocable to principal.

State
means any one of the 50 States of the United States of America or the District of Columbia.

Statutory Trust
Act shall mean Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del.Code 3801 et
seq., as the same may be amended from time to time.

Subcontractor
shall mean any vendor, subcontractor or other Person that is not responsible for the overall servicing (as servicing is
commonly understood by participants in the mortgage-backed securities market) of Receivables but performs one or more discrete functions
identified in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB with respect to the Receivables under the direction or authority of the Servicer or the
Indenture Trustee.

Successor Servicer
has the meaning specified in Section 3.07(e) of the Indenture.

Supplemental Servicing
Fees means late fees, any prepayment charges and other administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law with
respect to the Receivables collected from Obligors during the related Collection Period.

Test Fail
has the meaning assigned in Section 3.03(a) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Transferor Certificate
has the meaning assigned in Section 2.04(a) of the Indenture.

App. A-30

Treasury Regulations
shall mean regulations, including proposed or temporary Regulations, promulgated under the Code. References herein to specific provisions
of proposed or temporary regulations shall include analogous provisions of final Treasury Regulations or other successor Treasury Regulations.

Trust
means World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust.

Trust Account Property
means the Trust Accounts, all amounts and investments held from time to time in any Trust Account (whether in the form of deposit accounts,
Physical Property, book-entry securities, uncertificated securities or otherwise), including the Reserve Account, and all proceeds of
the foregoing.

Trust Accounts
has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Trust Agreement
means the Trust Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented
from time to time; such agreement being the amended and restated Trust Agreement contemplated by the Initial Trust Agreement.

Trust Certificate
shall mean a certificate evidencing the beneficial interest of a Person in the trust established by the Trust Agreement and substantially
in the form attached as Exhibit A to such Trust Agreement.

Trust Estate
means all money, instruments, rights and other property that are subject or intended to be subject to the lien and security interest of
the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders (including, without limitation, all property and interests Granted to the Indenture Trustee),
including all proceeds thereof.

Trust Indenture
Act or TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force as of the Closing Date, unless otherwise
specifically provided.

Trust Officer
means, with respect to the Indenture Trustee, any Officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, including any vice
president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, senior associate, associate, trust officer or any other officer of the Indenture
Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and also, with respect to
a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with
the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture and any other Basic Document
to which the Indenture Trustee is a party and, with respect to the Owner Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the
Owner Trustee with direct responsibility for the administration of the Trust Agreement and the Basic Documents on behalf of the Owner
Trustee.

Trustee Bank
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, each bank appointed as successor Owner Trustee under the Trust
Agreement in its individual capacity and each bank appointed as co-trustee under and to the extent provided in the Trust Agreement in
its individual capacity.

App. A-31

UCC means,
unless the context otherwise requires, the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction, as amended from time to
time.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

USA Patriot Act
means, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001,
Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) and its implementing regulations.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in
U.S. government securities.

U.S. Person
means:

(a) a
citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(b) an
entity treated as a corporation or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except to the extent provided in applicable U.S.
Department of Treasury regulations, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of Columbia;

(c) an
estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source;

(d) an
entity treated as a trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision
over the administration of such trust, and one or more such U.S. Persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such
trust; or

(e) to
the extent provided in applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations, certain trusts in existence on August 20, 1996, which
are eligible to elect, and have so elected, to be treated as U.S. Persons.

WOAR
means World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its successors.

World Omni
means World Omni Financial Corp., a Florida corporation, or its successors.

Yield Supplement
Overcollateralization Amount means, with respect to any Collection Period and the related Payment Date, or with respect to
the Cutoff Date, the aggregate amount by which the Principal Balance as of the last day of such Collection Period or the Cutoff Date of
each of the related Receivables with a Contract Rate of less than the Required Rate, other than a Defaulted Receivable, exceeds the present
value, calculated by using a discount rate equal to the Required Rate, of each scheduled payment of each such Receivables assuming such
scheduled payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days.

App. A-32

APPENDIX A

PART II - RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

(A) Accounting
Terms. As used in this Appendix or the Basic Documents, accounting terms which are not defined, and accounting terms partly defined,
herein or therein shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting principles. To the extent that
the definitions of accounting terms in this Appendix or the Basic Documents are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under generally
accepted accounting principles, the definitions contained in this Appendix or the Basic Documents will control.

(B) Hereof,
etc.: The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this
Appendix or any Basic Document will refer to this Appendix or such Basic Document as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Appendix or such Basic Document; and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this Appendix or any Basic Document are
references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this Appendix or such Basic Document unless otherwise specified. The word or
is not exclusive.

(C) Use
of related as used in this Appendix and the Basic Documents, with respect to any Payment Date, the related Payment
Determination Date, the related Collection Period, and the related Record Date will mean the Payment
Determination Date, the Collection Period, and the Record Date, respectively, immediately preceding such Payment Date. With respect to
any Purchase Date, the related Cutoff Date will mean the Cutoff Date established for the closing of the purchase of Receivables
on that Purchase Date.

(D) Use
of outstanding etc. Whenever the term outstanding Notes, outstanding principal amount and
words of similar import are used in this Appendix or any Basic Document for purposes of determining whether the Noteholders of the requisite
outstanding principal amount of the Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder
or under any Basic Document, Notes owned by the Issuing Entity, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor or any Affiliate of any
of the foregoing Persons (it being understood that the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity shall not be considered an Affiliate of
any of the foregoing) shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee
shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Notes that the
Indenture Trustee knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as
outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee the pledgors right so to act
with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuing Entity, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor or any Affiliate
of any of the foregoing Persons.

(E) Number
and Gender. Each defined term used in this Appendix or the Basic Documents has a comparable meaning when used in its plural or singular
form. Each gender-specific term used in this Appendix or the Basic Documents has a comparable meaning whether used in a masculine, feminine
or gender-neutral form.

App. A-33

(F) Including. Whenever the term including (whether or
not that term is followed by the phrase but not limited to or without limitation or words of similar
effect) is used in this Appendix or the Basic Documents in connection with a listing of items within a particular classification,
that listing will be interpreted to be illustrative only and will not be interpreted as a limitation on, or exclusive listing of,
the items within that classification.

(G) UCC
References. References to sections or provisions of Article 9 of the UCC in any of the Basic Documents shall be deemed to be
automatically updated to reflect the successor, replacement or functionally equivalent sections or provisions of Revised Article 9,
Secured Transactions (2000) at any time in any jurisdiction which has made such revised article effective.

App. A-34

APPENDIX B

Additional Representations and Warranties

1. This Agreement, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Indenture create a valid and continuing security
interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables in favor of the Indenture Trustee, which security interest is prior to
all other Liens, and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers from World Omni, the Depositor and the Trust, respectively.

2. World Omni has taken all steps necessary to perfect its security interest against each Obligor in the
property securing the Receivables.

3. The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper
within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

4. World Omni owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables and will transfer the Receivables
free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person.

5. World Omni has caused or will have caused, within ten days, the filing of all appropriate financing statements
in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables
granted to the Depositor under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, to the Issuing Entity hereunder and to the Indenture Trustee under
the Indenture.

6. With respect to Receivables that constitute tangible chattel paper, all original executed copies of each
Contract that constitute or evidence the Receivable have been delivered to the Servicer for the benefit of the Depositor, the Issuing
Entity and the Indenture Trustee.

7. With respect to Receivables that constitute electronic chattel paper, only one authoritative copy of each
Contract that constitutes or evidences the Receivable exists. Each such authoritative copy (a) is unique, identifiable, and unalterable
(other than with the participation of the Depositor, the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Basic Documents in the
case of an addition or change of an identified assignee and other than a revision that is readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized
revision), and (b) has been communicated to and is maintained by the Servicer or a third-party provider acting on behalf of the Servicer.
The authoritative copy of the related Contract identifies only World Omni Financial Corp. as the assignee thereof. Each copy of the authoritative
copy of the related Contract and any copy of a copy are readily identifiable as copies that are not the authoritative copy. Each Receivable
has been established in a manner such that (a) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative
copy of each Contract that constitutes or evidences the Receivable must be made with the participation of the Depositor, the Issuing Entity
and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Basic Documents, and (b) all revisions of the authoritative copy of each contract that
constitute or evidence the Receivable must be readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. The Servicer is maintaining
the authoritative copy of each Contract that constitutes or evidences the Receivables solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Depositor,
the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee under the Basic Documents.

App. B-1

8. Other than (a) any security interests which have been released prior to or in connection with the
execution of the Basic Documents and (b) the security interests granted to the Depositor, the Issuing Entity, and the Indenture Trustee
pursuant to the Basic Documents, none of World Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity has pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security
interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables. None of World Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity has authorized the
filing of, and is not aware of, any financing statements against World Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity that include a description
of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement relating to the security interests granted to the Depositor,
the Issuing Entity, and the Indenture Trustee under the Basic Documents or a financing statement that has been terminated with respect
to the Receivables. None of World Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity is aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against World
Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity.

9. None of the Seller, the Depositor or the Issuing Entity or any vaulting agent thereof has communicated
an authoritative copy of any Contract that constitutes or evidences the Receivables to any Person other than the Servicer.

10. World Omni, as Servicer (in its capacity as custodian), has in its possession all original copies of the
Contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables. The Receivables Files that constitute or evidence the Receivables do not have any
marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Depositor, the
Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee. All financing statements filed or to be filed against World Omni, the Depositor or the Issuing
Entity in favor of the Depositor, the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in connection herewith describing the Receivables
contain a statement to the following effect: A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement
will violate the rights of the Noteholders.

App. B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDENTURE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

INDENTURE

among

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuing Entity,

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, National Association,

as Indenture Trustee,

and

U.S.
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Account Bank

Dated as of January 29, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I
Definitions and Incorporation by Reference 2

Section 1.01 Definitions 2

Section 1.02 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 2

Article II
The Notes 3

Section 2.01 Form 3

Section 2.02 Execution, Authentication and Delivery 3

Section 2.03 Temporary Notes 4

Section 2.04 Transfer Restrictions on Notes 4

Section 2.05 Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange 7

Section 2.06 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 9

Section 2.07 Persons Deemed Owner 9

Section 2.08 Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest 10

Section 2.09 Cancellation 11

Section 2.10 Release of Collateral 11

Section 2.11 Book-Entry Notes 11

Section 2.12 Notices to Clearing Agency 12

Section 2.13 Definitive Notes 13

Section 2.14 Tax Treatment 13

Section 2.15 CUSIP Numbers 14

Article III
Covenants 14

Section 3.01 Payment of Principal and Interest 14

Section 3.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency 14

Section 3.03 Money for Payments to Be Held in Trust 14

Section 3.04 Existence 16

Section 3.05 Protection of Trust Estate 16

Section 3.06 Opinions as to Trust Estate 17

Section 3.07 Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables 17

Section 3.08 Negative Covenants 19

Section 3.09 Annual Statement as to Compliance 20

Section 3.10 Issuing Entity May Consolidate, etc., Only
on Certain Terms 20

Section 3.11 Successor or Transferee 22

Section 3.12 No Other Business 22

Section 3.13 No Borrowing 22

Section 3.14 Servicers Obligations 22

Section 3.15 Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities 22

Section 3.16 Capital Expenditures 23

Section 3.17 Removal of Administrator 23

Section 3.18 Restricted Payments 23

Section 3.19 Notice of Events of Default 23

Section 3.20 Further Instruments and Acts 23

i

Article IV
Satisfaction and Discharge 23

Section 4.01 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 23

Section 4.02 Application of Trust Money 25

Section 4.03 Repayment of Monies Held by Paying Agent 25

Article V
Remedies 25

Section 5.01 Events of Default 25

Section 5.02 Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 27

Section 5.03 Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement
by Indenture Trustee 27

Section 5.04 Remedies; Priorities 29

Section 5.05 Optional Preservation of the Receivables 30

Section 5.06 Limitation of Suits 31

Section 5.07 Unconditional Rights of Noteholders to Receive Principal
and Interest 31

Section 5.08 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 32

Section 5.09 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 32

Section 5.10 Delay or Omission Not a Waiver 32

Section 5.11 Control by Noteholders 32

Section 5.12 Waiver of Past Defaults 33

Section 5.13 Undertaking for Costs 33

Section 5.14 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 33

Section 5.15 Action on Notes 34

Section 5.16 Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations 34

Article VI
The Indenture Trustee 35

Section 6.01 Duties of Indenture Trustee 35

Section 6.02 Rights of Indenture Trustee 36

Section 6.03 Individual Rights of Indenture Trustee 40

Section 6.04 Indenture Trustees Disclaimer 40

Section 6.05 Notice of Defaults 40

Section 6.06 Reports by Indenture Trustee 40

Section 6.07 Compensation and Indemnity 41

Section 6.08 Replacement of Indenture Trustee 41

Section 6.09 Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger 42

Section 6.10 Appointment of Co-Indenture Trustee or Separate Indenture
Trustee 43

Section 6.11 Eligibility; Disqualification 44

Section 6.12 Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuing Entity 44

Section 6.13 Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee 44

Section 6.14 Communications Regarding Demands to Repurchase Receivables 45

Article VII
Noteholders Lists and Reports 46

Section 7.01 Issuing Entity to Furnish Indenture Trustee Names and
Addresses of Noteholders 46

ii

Section 7.02 Preservation of Information; Communications
to Noteholders; Noteholder Communications with Indenture Trustee; Communications between Noteholders 46

Section 7.03 Reports by Issuing Entity 48

Section 7.04 Reports by Indenture Trustee 48

Section 7.05 Noteholder Demand for Asset Representations Review 49

Article VIII
Accounts, Disbursements and Releases 50

Section 8.01 Collection of Money 50

Section 8.02 Trust Accounts 50

Section 8.03 Benchmark Determination 52

Section 8.04 General Provisions Regarding Accounts 54

Section 8.05 Release of Trust Estate 55

Section 8.06 Opinion of Counsel 55

Article IX
Supplemental Indentures 56

Section 9.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders 56

Section 9.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 57

Section 9.03 Execution of Supplemental Indentures 59

Section 9.04 Effect of Supplemental Indenture 59

Section 9.05 Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 59

Section 9.06 Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 60

Article X
Redemption of Notes 60

Section 10.01 Redemption 60

Section 10.02 Form of Redemption Notice 60

Section 10.03 Notes Payable on Redemption Date 61

Article XI
Miscellaneous 61

Section 11.01 Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc. 61

Section 11.02 Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee 63

Section 11.03 Acts of Noteholders 64

Section 11.04 Notices, etc., to Indenture Trustee, Issuing
Entity and Rating Agencies 64

Section 11.05 Notices to Noteholders; Waiver 65

Section 11.06 Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions 66

Section 11.07 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 66

Section 11.08 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 66

Section 11.09 Successors and Assigns 66

Section 11.10 Severability 66

Section 11.11 Benefits of Indenture 66

Section 11.12 Legal Holidays 67

Section 11.13 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION 67

Section 11.14 Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 67

Section 11.15 Recording of Indenture 67

Section 11.16 Trust Obligation 68

Section 11.17 No Petition 69

iii

Section 11.18 Inspection 69

Section 11.19 Waiver of Jury Trial 69

Article XII
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB 69

Section 12.01 Intent of the Parties; Reasonableness 69

Section 12.02 Additional Representations and Warranties of the Indenture
Trustee 70

Section 12.03 Information to Be Provided by the Indenture Trustee 70

Section 12.04 Regulation AB Reports by Indenture Trustee 71

SCHEDULE A Schedule of Receivables

EXHIBIT A-1 Form of Class A-1 Note

EXHIBIT A-2a Form of Class A-2a Note

EXHIBIT A-2b Form of Class A-2b Note

EXHIBIT A-3 Form of Class A-3 Note

EXHIBIT A-4 Form of Class A-4 Note

EXHIBIT B Form of Class B Note

EXHIBIT C Form of Class C Note

EXHIBIT D Servicing Criteria for Indenture Trustees Assessment of Compliance

EXHIBIT E Form of Indenture Trustees Annual Certification

EXHIBIT F Form of Transferor Certificate

EXHIBIT G Form of Investment Letter

iv

THIS INDENTURE dated as of
January 29, 2025 (as it may be amended and supplemented from time to time, this Indenture) is among WORLD OMNI
AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuing Entity), U.S.
Bank TruST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee and not in its individual capacity (the Indenture
Trustee), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association,
as account bank and not in its individual capacity (the Account Bank).

Each party agrees as follows
for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Issuing Entitys Class A-1
4.411% Asset-Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), Class A-2a 4.49% Asset-Backed Notes (the Class A-2a
Notes), Class A-2b Floating Rate Asset-Backed Notes (the Class A-2b Notes and, together with
the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2 Notes), Class A-3 4.73% Asset-Backed Notes (the Class A-3
Notes), Class A-4 4.86% Asset-Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes), Class B 5.08% Asset-Backed
Notes (the Class B Notes) and Class C 5.17% Asset-Backed Notes (the Class C Notes
and, together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B
Notes, the Notes): 

GRANTING CLAUSE

The Issuing Entity hereby Grants
to the Indenture Trustee at the Closing Date, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, all of the Issuing Entitys
right, title and interest, whether now or hereafter acquired, and wherever located, in and to (a) the Receivables identified on
the SSA Assignment (all of which are identified in World Omnis computer files by a code indicating that such Receivables are owned
by the Issuing Entity and pledged to the Indenture Trustee) and all monies received thereon and in respect thereof after the Cutoff Date;
(b) the security interests in, and the liens on, the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors in connection with the Receivables and
any other interest of the Issuing Entity in such Financed Vehicles; (c) any proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims
on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors; (d) any Financed Vehicle
that shall have secured a Receivable and that shall have been acquired by or on behalf of the Depositor, the Servicer or the Issuing
Entity; (e) all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit in, and financial assets (as such term is defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect) credited to, the Trust Accounts, including the Reserve Account, from time
to time, including the Reserve Account Initial Deposit, and in all investments and proceeds thereof (including all income thereon); (f) the
Receivables Purchase Agreement, including the RPA Assignment, and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the SSA Assignment (including
the Issuing Entitys right to cause World Omni, the Servicer or the Depositor to repurchase Receivables from the Issuing Entity
under certain circumstances described therein); (g) all accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles
and promissory notes (as such terms are defined in the UCC) constituting or relating to the foregoing; and (h) all
proceeds of any and all of the foregoing and all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action in respect
of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or
all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion thereof, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property,
all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts, insurance proceeds,
condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments, general intangibles
and other property which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing; provided, however,
that the foregoing items (a) through (i) shall not include the Notes and Trust Certificates (collectively, the
Collateral).

The foregoing Grant is made
in trust to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes, equally and ratably
without prejudice, priority or distinction, and to secure compliance with the provisions of this Indenture, all as provided in this Indenture.

The Indenture Trustee, as Indenture
Trustee on behalf of the Holders of the Notes, acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture in accordance with the
provisions of this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties required in this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

Article I

Definitions
and Incorporation by Reference

Section 1.01 Definitions.
Certain capitalized terms used in this Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Part I of Appendix
A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among
the Issuing Entity, World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as Depositor, World Omni, as Servicer, and the Account Bank. All references herein
to the Indenture or this Indenture are to this Indenture as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from
time to time, the exhibits hereto and the capitalized terms used herein which are defined in such Appendix A. All references herein
to Articles, Sections, subsections and exhibits are to Articles, Sections, subsections and exhibits contained in or attached to this
Indenture unless otherwise specified. All terms defined in this Indenture shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate,
notice, Note or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The rules of construction set
forth in Part II of such Appendix A shall be applicable to this Indenture.

Section 1.02 Incorporation
by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference
in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

indenture securities
means the Notes.

indenture security
holder means a Noteholder.

indenture to be qualified
means this Indenture.

indenture trustee
or institutional trustee means the Indenture Trustee.

obligor
on the indenture securities means the Issuing Entity and any other obligor on the indenture securities.

2

All other TIA terms used in
this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by Commission rule have the meaning
assigned to them by such definitions.

Article II

The
Notes

Section 2.01 Form.
The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the
Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, in each case together with the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication,
shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2a, Exhibit A-2b, Exhibit A-3, Exhibit A-4,
Exhibit B and Exhibit C to this Indenture, respectively, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other
variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such
legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced
by their execution of the Notes. Any portion of the text of any Note may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference
thereto on the face of the Note.

The definitive Notes shall
be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved borders),
all as determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

Each Note shall be dated the
date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2a, Exhibit A-2b,
Exhibit A-3, Exhibit A-4, Exhibit B and Exhibit C are part of the terms of this Indenture.

Section 2.02 Execution,
Authentication and Delivery. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuing Entity by any of its Authorized Officers. The signature
of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or facsimile.

Notes bearing the manual or
facsimile signature of individuals who were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuing Entity shall bind the Issuing Entity, notwithstanding
that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not
hold such offices at the date of such Notes.

The Indenture Trustee shall
upon receipt of an Issuing Entity Order authenticate and deliver Class A-1 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount
of $241,400,000, Class A-2a Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $309,760,000, Class A-2b Notes for
original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $110,000,000, Class A-3 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount
of $419,760,000, Class A-4 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $89,300,000, Class B Notes for original
issue in an aggregate principal amount of $36,760,000 and Class C Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $18,380,000.
The aggregate principal amount of Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2a Notes, Class A-2b Notes, Class A-3 Notes, Class A-4
Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes outstanding at any time may not exceed such respective amounts except as provided in
Section 2.06.

3

Each Note shall be dated the
date of its authentication. The Notes shall be issuable as registered Notes in the minimum denomination of $1,000 and integral multiples
of $1,000; provided further, that the minimum amounts of any Retained Notes shall also be subject to the restrictions set
forth in Section 2.04.

No Note shall be entitled to
any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication
substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories,
and such certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and
delivered hereunder.

Section 2.03 Temporary
Notes. Pending the preparation of definitive Notes, the Issuing Entity may execute, and upon receipt of an Issuing Entity Order the
Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Notes that are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise
produced, of the tenor of the definitive Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such variations not inconsistent with the terms
of this Indenture as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

If temporary Notes are issued,
the Issuing Entity shall cause definitive Notes to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Notes,
the temporary Notes shall be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuing
Entity to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any
one or more temporary Notes, the Issuing Entity shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor,
a like principal amount of definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects
be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Notes.

Section 2.04 Transfer
Restrictions on Notes.

(a) As
of the date of this Indenture, the Retained Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and will not be listed on any exchange.
Unless and until such Notes have been sold pursuant to a transaction registered under the Securities Act, no transfer of such a Note
shall be made unless such transfer is made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws or is exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such state securities laws. Except
in a transfer pursuant to Rule 144A or a transfer to the Depositor or by the Depositor to an Affiliate thereof, in the event that
a transfer is to be made in reliance upon an exemption from the Securities Act and state securities laws, in order to assure compliance
with the Securities Act and such laws, the Noteholder desiring to effect such transfer and such Noteholders prospective transferee
shall each certify to the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and WOAR in writing the facts surrounding the transfer in substantially
the forms set forth in Exhibit F (the Transferor Certificate) and Exhibit G (the Investment
Letter). Except in a transfer pursuant to Rule 144A or a transfer to the Depositor or by the Depositor to an Affiliate
thereof, there shall also be delivered to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel that such transfer may be
made pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act, which Opinion of Counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust, the Owner Trustee
or the Indenture Trustee (unless it is the transferee from whom such opinion is to be obtained) or of WOAR or World Omni. WOAR shall
provide to any Noteholder and any prospective transferee designated by any such Noteholder information regarding the Retained Notes and
the Receivables and such other information as shall be necessary to satisfy the condition to eligibility set forth in Rule 144A(d)(4) for
transfer of any such Retained Notes without registration thereof under the Securities Act pursuant to the registration exemption provided
by Rule 144A. Each Noteholder desiring to effect such a transfer shall, and does hereby agree to, indemnify the Issuing Entity,
the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, WOAR and World Omni (in any capacity) against any liability that may result if the transfer
is not so exempt or is not made in accordance with federal and state securities laws.

4

(b) (i) Sale,
pledge or transfer of a Retained Note may not be made to a Plan, each purchaser, transferee and owner of a beneficial interest in a Retained
Note will be deemed to represent that it is not a Plan; (ii) sale, pledge or transfer of a Retained Note may only be made to a Person
who is a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code)); and (iii) no sale, pledge, or transfer of a Retained Note shall be made (x) to any one person
in an amount less than $2,000,000 (or such other amount as the Depositor may determine in order to prevent the Issuing Entity from being
treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code), or (y) to a Special Pass-Through Entity,
in each case under this clause (iii), unless (A) an Opinion of Counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor that
such sale, pledge, or transfer shall not cause the Issuing Entity to be treated as an association (or publicly traded partnership), in
either case, taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee and the
Depositor and (B) the Depositor shall have provided prior written approval; provided, however, that the restrictions
in Section 2.04(b)(i), (ii) and (iii) above shall not continue to apply to such Retained Notes (covered
by the opinion described in this clause) in the event counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor has rendered an
Opinion of Counsel, with respect to the sale, pledge or transfer by the Depositor or an Affiliate thereof, to the effect that the Retained
Notes to be sold, pledged, or transferred will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a Debt
Opinion). Any transferee, other than the Depositor or an Affiliate thereof, acquiring a Retained Note or an interest therein
shall be deemed to have made the representations set forth in Section 2.14 (as if Section 2.14(a) applied to the
Retained Notes). Any attempted sale, pledge or other transfer in contravention of this Section 2.04(b) will be void
ab initio and the purported transferor will continue to be treated as the owner of the Retained Note.

For the purposes of this Section 2.04(b),
Special Pass-Through Entity means a grantor trust, S corporation, or partnership (as determined, in each case, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes) where more than 50% of the value of any beneficial owners interest in such pass through entity is
attributable to the pass-through entitys interest in the Retained Note.

(c) [Reserved].

5

(d) By
acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee of a beneficial interest in such Note will be deemed
to represent and warrant that either (1) it is not and will not be acquiring such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) on behalf
of, or with the assets of, any Plan or (2) its acquisition and holding of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not
constitute or give rise to a nonexempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation
of Similar Law. Each Note will bear a legend reflecting such deemed representation. Notwithstanding any provision herein, a Retained
Note may be acquired with the assets of any Plan only if such Retained Note is the subject of a Debt Opinion. Unless such Retained Note
is the subject of a Debt Opinion, each initial purchaser, transferee and owner of a Retained Note (or a beneficial interest therein),
will be deemed to represent and warrant that it is not and will not be acquiring or holding such Note (or a beneficial interest therein)
on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan.

(e) By
directly or indirectly acquiring a Retained Note in a transaction pursuant to Rule 144A, each initial purchaser, transferee and
owner of a beneficial interest will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree as follows:

(i) it
understands that such Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be sold except as permitted in the following
sentence. It understands and agrees, on its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, (x) that
such Notes are being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act and (y) that
such Notes may be resold, pledged or transferred only (i) to the Depositor, (ii) to an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1),(2),(3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (an Accredited Investor)
acting for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are Accredited
Investors unless the holder is a bank acting in its fiduciary capacity) that executes a certificate substantially in the form of the
Investment Letter, (iii) so long as such Note is eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, to a person
whom it reasonably believes after due inquiry is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A, acting for
its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified institutional
buyers) to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (iv) in
a sale, pledge or other transfer made in a transaction otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, in
which case the Indenture Trustee shall require that both the prospective transferor and the prospective transferee certify to the Indenture
Trustee and the Depositor in writing the facts surrounding such transfer, which certification shall be in form and substance satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor. Except in the case of a transfer described in clauses (i) or (iii) above,
the Indenture Trustee shall require that a written Opinion of Counsel (which will not be at the expense of the Depositor, any Affiliate
of the Depositor or the Indenture Trustee), satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee
and the Depositor to the effect that such transfer will not violate the Securities Act, and will be effected in accordance with any applicable
securities laws of each state of the United States. It will notify any purchaser of such Notes from it of the above resale restrictions,
if then applicable. It further understands that in connection with any transfer of such Notes by it that the Indenture Trustee and the
Depositor may request, and if so requested it will furnish, such certificates and other information as they may reasonably require to
confirm that any such transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions;

6

(ii) it
is a qualified institutional buyer as defined under Rule 144A under the Securities Act and is acquiring such Notes
for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified
institutional buyers). It is familiar with Rule 144A under the Securities Act and is aware that the seller of such Notes
and other parties intend to rely on the foregoing representations, warranties and acknowledgements and the exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A;

(iii) [Reserved];

(iv) it
understands that Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing
acknowledgments, representations and agreements, and it agrees that if any of the acknowledgments, representations and warranties deemed
to have been made by it by its purchase of such Notes, for its own account or for one or more accounts as to each of which it exercises
sole investment discretion, are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Depositor; and

(v) Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor are entitled to rely upon the foregoing representations, warranties and acknowledgements
and are irrevocably authorized to produce the foregoing representations, warranties and acknowledgments or a copy hereof to any interested
party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Section 2.05 Registration;
Registration of Transfer and Exchange. The Issuing Entity shall cause a note registrar (the Note Registrar) to keep
a register (the Note Register) in which the Note Registrar shall provide for the registration of Notes and the registration
of transfers of Notes. The Indenture Trustee initially shall be the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers
of Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation of any Note Registrar, the Issuing Entity shall promptly appoint a successor or, if
it elects not to make such an appointment, assume the duties of Note Registrar.

If a Person other than the
Indenture Trustee is appointed by the Issuing Entity as Note Registrar, the Issuing Entity will give the Indenture Trustee prompt written
notice of the appointment of such Note Registrar and of the location, and any change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Indenture
Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies thereof, and the Indenture Trustee
shall have the right to rely upon a certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer thereof as to the names
and addresses of the Holders of the Notes and the principal amounts and number of such Notes.

7

Upon surrender for registration
of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuing Entity to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02, if the
requirements of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met the Issuing Entity shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate
and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
Notes of the same Class in any authorized denominations, of a like aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder,
Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of the same Class in any authorized denominations, of a like aggregate principal amount,
upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, if the requirements
of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met the Issuing Entity shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and the Noteholder
shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, the Notes which the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

All Notes issued upon any registration
of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuing Entity, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the
same benefits under this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

Every Note presented or surrendered
for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Exchange Act.

No service charge shall be
made to a Holder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or the Note Registrar
may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration
of transfer or exchange of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.03 or 9.06 not involving any transfer.

The preceding provisions of
this Section notwithstanding, the Issuing Entity shall not be required to make and the Note Registrar need not register transfers
or exchanges of Notes selected for redemption or of any Note for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment with respect
to the Note.

The Indenture Trustee (in any
capacity) shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed
under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery
of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by
the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

8

Neither the Indenture Trustee
(in any capacity) nor any agent of the Indenture Trustee shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by DTC.

Section 2.06 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. If (i) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee or Note Registrar, or the
Indenture Trustee or the Note Registrar receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii) there
is delivered to the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar such security or indemnity as may be required by them to hold the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Issuing Entity, the Note Registrar
or the Indenture Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser, and provided that the requirements of Sections 8-405
and 8-406 of the UCC are met, the Issuing Entity shall execute, and upon its request the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver,
in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a replacement Note of the same Class; provided, however,
that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become or within seven days shall be due and payable,
or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing a replacement Note, the Issuing Entity may pay such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note when so due or payable or upon the Redemption Date without surrender thereof. If, after the delivery of such replacement Note or
payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the original
Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued presents for payment such original Note, the Issuing Entity and the Indenture
Trustee shall be entitled to recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking
such replacement Note from such Person to whom such replacement Note was delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a protected
purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost
or expense incurred by the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith.

Upon the issuance of any replacement
Note under this Section, the Issuing Entity may require the payment by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses
of the Indenture Trustee) connected therewith.

Every replacement Note issued
pursuant to this Section in replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional
contractual obligation of the Issuing Entity, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable
by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly
issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section are
exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section 2.07 Persons
Deemed Owner. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any
agent of the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered (as of the day of determination)
as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and interest, if any, on such Note and for all other
purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

9

Section 2.08 Payment
of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest.

(a) The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the
Class B Notes and the Class C Notes shall accrue interest during the related Interest Accrual Period at the Class A-1
Interest Rate, the Class A-2a Interest Rate, the Class A-2b Interest Rate, the Class A-3 Interest Rate, the Class A-4
Interest Rate, the Class B Interest Rate and the Class C Interest Rate, respectively, and such interest shall be payable on
each Payment Date in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(d) and (e), as applicable, subject
to Section 3.01. Interest on the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B
Notes and the Class C Notes will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Interest on the
Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the related Interest
Accrual Period and a 360-day year. The Issuing Entity will pay interest on each Class of Notes at the related Interest Rate on each
Payment Date on the principal amount of the related Class of Notes outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect
to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01.
Any installment of interest or principal payable on a Note that is punctually paid or duly provided for by the Issuing Entity on the
applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered on the Record
Date by check or wire transfer to such Persons address or designated account as it appears on the Note Register on such Record
Date, except that, unless Definitive Notes have been issued pursuant to Section 2.13, with respect to Notes registered on
the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.) or WOAR or any
of its Affiliates, payment will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such person or nominee
and except for the final installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Payment Date or on the applicable Final Scheduled
Payment Date for such Class (and except for the Redemption Price for any Note called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.01)
which shall be payable as provided below. The funds represented by any such checks returned undelivered shall be held in accordance with
Section 3.03.

(b) Prior
to the occurrence of an Event of Default and a declaration in accordance with Section 5.02 that the Notes have become immediately
due and payable, the Outstanding Amount of each Class of Notes shall be payable in full on the Final Scheduled Payment Date for
such Class and, to the extent of funds available therefor, in installments on the Payment Dates (if any) preceding the Final Scheduled
Payment Date for such Class, in the amounts and in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(d), subject to
Section 3.01.

10

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable, if not previously paid, on the date on which
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if the Indenture Trustee or Holders of the Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02. In such case, principal shall be paid in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(e).
The Indenture Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on the Record Date preceding
the Payment Date on which the Issuing Entity expects that the final installment of principal of and interest on such Note will be paid.
Such notice shall be mailed or transmitted prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable
only upon presentation and surrender of such Note and shall specify the place where such Note may be presented and surrendered for payment
of such installment. Notices in connection with redemptions of Notes shall be mailed to Noteholders as provided in Section 10.02.

(d) If
the Issuing Entity defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, the Issuing Entity shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on
such defaulted interest to the extent lawful) at the applicable Interest Rate in any lawful manner. The Issuing Entity may pay such defaulted
interest to the persons who are Noteholders on a subsequent special record date, which date shall be at least five Business Days prior
to the payment date. The Issuing Entity shall fix or cause to be fixed any such special record date and payment date, and, at least 15
days before any such special record date, the Issuing Entity shall mail to each Noteholder a notice that states the special record date,
the payment date and the amount of defaulted interest to be paid.

Section 2.09 Cancellation.
All Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the
Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee. The Issuing Entity
may at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Issuing Entity may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee.
No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this Section, except as expressly permitted
by this Indenture. All cancelled Notes may be held or disposed of by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention
or disposal policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuing Entity shall direct by an Issuing Entity Order that they be returned to
it; provided, that such Issuing Entity Order is timely and the Notes have not been previously disposed of by the Indenture Trustee. The
Indenture Trustee shall issue a certificate of destruction to the Issuing Entity for all cancelled Notes that have been disposed of.

Section 2.10 Release
of Collateral. Subject to Section 11.01 and the terms of the Basic Documents, the Indenture Trustee shall release property from
the lien of this Indenture only upon receipt of an Issuing Entity Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate of the Issuing
Entity, an Opinion of Counsel and Independent Certificates in accordance with TIA 314(c) and 314(d)(1) or
an Opinion of Counsel in lieu of such Independent Certificates to the effect that the TIA does not require any such Independent Certificates.

11

Section 2.11 Book-Entry
Notes. Except as provided in Section 2.13, the Notes, upon original issuance, will be issued in the form of typewritten, printed,
lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved borders) Notes representing
the Book-Entry Notes, to be delivered to (or held by the Indenture Trustee on behalf of) The Depository Trust Company, the initial Clearing
Agency, by, or on behalf of, the Issuing Entity. The Book-Entry Notes shall be registered initially on the Note Register in the name
of Cede & Co., the nominee of the initial Clearing Agency, and no Note Owner will receive a definitive Note representing such
Note Owners interest in such Note, except as provided in Section 2.13. Unless and until definitive, fully registered Notes
(the Definitive Notes) have been issued to such Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.13:

(i) the
provisions of this Section shall be in full force and effect;

(ii) the
Note Registrar and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes of this Indenture (including
the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole holder of the
Notes, and shall have no obligation to the Note Owners, except as stated in Section 7.05;

(iii) to
the extent that the provisions of this Section conflict with any other provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Section shall
control;

(iv) the
rights of Note Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and shall be limited to those established by law and agreements
between such Note Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement. Unless
and until Definitive Notes are issued pursuant to Section 2.13, the initial Clearing Agency will make book-entry transfers
among the Clearing Agency Participants and receive and transmit payments of principal of and interest on the Notes to such Clearing Agency
Participants; and

(v) whenever
this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instructions or directions of Holders of Notes evidencing a specified
percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to represent such percentage
only to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from Note Owners and/or Clearing Agency Participants owning or representing,
respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the Controlling Securities and has delivered such instructions to
the Indenture Trustee.

Section 2.12 Notices
to Clearing Agency. Whenever a notice or other communication to the Noteholders is required under this Indenture, unless and until
Definitive Notes shall have been issued to such Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.13, the Indenture Trustee shall give all such
notices and communications specified herein to be given to Holders of the Notes to the Clearing Agency, and shall have no obligation
to such Note Owners; provided, that, if Definitive Notes shall have been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.13, the Indenture
Trustees obligation to provide or forward any notice or other communication to the Noteholders may be met by the Indenture Trustee
posting a copy of such information on its internet website described in Section 6.06 promptly following its receipt thereof.

12

Section 2.13 Definitive
Notes. Any Retained Notes, upon original issuance, will be in the form of Definitive Notes, but, at the request of all of the holders
thereof, may be exchanged for Book-Entry Notes. If (i) the Administrator advises the Indenture Trustee in writing that the Clearing
Agency is no longer willing or able to properly discharge its responsibilities with respect to the Book-Entry Notes and the Administrator
is unable to locate a qualified successor, (ii) the Administrator, at its option, advises the Indenture Trustee in writing that
it elects to terminate the book-entry system through the Clearing Agency or (iii) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, Owners
of the Book-Entry Notes representing beneficial interests aggregating at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling
Securities advise the Clearing Agency in writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through the Clearing Agency is no longer
in the best interests of such Note Owners, then the Clearing Agency shall notify all Note Owners and the Indenture Trustee of the occurrence
of any such event and of the availability of Definitive Notes to Note Owners requesting the same. Upon surrender to the Indenture Trustee
of the typewritten Notes representing the Book-Entry Notes by the Clearing Agency, accompanied by registration instructions, the Issuing
Entity shall execute and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate the Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing
Agency. None of the Issuing Entity, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions
and may conclusively rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, such instructions. Upon the issuance of Definitive Notes, the Indenture
Trustee shall recognize the Holders of the Definitive Notes as Noteholders.

Section 2.14 Tax
Treatment.

(a) The
Issuing Entity has entered into this Indenture, and the Notes will be issued, with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local
income and franchise tax purposes, the Notes (to the extent such Notes are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the Issuing
Entity or its affiliates for such purposes) will be characterized as indebtedness. The Issuing Entity, by entering into this Indenture,
agrees to treat the Notes (to the extent such Notes are treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the Issuing Entity or its
affiliates) for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance
of a Note, and each Note Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, (to the extent
such Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note is treated as beneficially owned by a person other than the Issuing Entity or its affiliates)
agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, as indebtedness.

(b) Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, agrees to provide
to the Person from whom it receives payments on the Notes (including the Paying Agent) the Noteholder Tax Identification Information
and, upon request, to the extent FATCA Withholding Tax is applicable, the Noteholder FATCA Information.

(c) Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, agrees that the
Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts of interest (properly withholdable under law and without any corresponding gross-up)
payable to a Noteholder or holder of an interest in a Note that fails to comply with the requirements of Section 2.14(b).

13

Section 2.15 CUSIP
Numbers. The Issuing Entity in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the
Indenture Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Noteholders; provided that any such
notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such CUSIP numbers either as printed on the Notes
or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the
Notes and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Depositor will promptly notify
the Indenture Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers.

Article III

Covenants

Section 3.01 Payment
of Principal and Interest. The Issuing Entity will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Notes in
accordance with the terms of the Notes and this Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.02(d),
the Issuing Entity will cause to be distributed all amounts on deposit in the Note Distribution Account and allocated for distribution
to the Noteholders on a Payment Date pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (i) for the benefit of the Class A-1 Notes,
to the Class A-1 Noteholders, (ii) for the benefit of the Class A-2a Notes, to the Class A-2a Noteholders, (iii) for
the benefit of the Class A-2b Notes, to the Class A-2b Noteholders, (iv) for the benefit of the Class A-3 Notes,
to the Class A-3 Noteholders, (v) for the benefit of the Class A-4 Notes, to the Class A-4 Noteholders, (vi) for
the benefit of the Class B Notes, to the Class B Noteholders and (vii) for the benefit of the Class C Notes, to the
Class C Noteholders. Amounts properly withheld under the Code by any Person from a payment to any Noteholder of interest and/or
principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuing Entity to such Noteholder for all purposes of this Indenture.

Section 3.02 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Issuing Entity will maintain an office or agency where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer
or exchange, and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuing Entity in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. Such
office or agency will initially be at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, and the Issuing Entity hereby initially appoints
the Indenture Trustee to serve as its agent for the foregoing purposes. The Issuing Entity will give prompt written notice to the Indenture
Trustee of any change in the location of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuing Entity shall fail to maintain any such
office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Indenture Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be
made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuing Entity hereby appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent to receive all
such surrenders, notices and demands.

Section 3.03 Money
for Payments to Be Held in Trust. As provided in Section 8.02(a) and (c), all payments of amounts due and payable with
respect to any Notes that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account pursuant
to Section 8.02(d) and (e) shall be made on behalf of the Issuing Entity by the Indenture Trustee or by another Paying
Agent, and no amounts so withdrawn from the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account for payments of Notes shall be paid
over to the Issuing Entity except as provided in this Section.

14

On or before the Payment Determination
Date or the Business Day prior to the Redemption Date, as applicable, the Issuing Entity shall allocate or cause to be allocated in the
Note Distribution Account for distribution to the Noteholders an aggregate sum sufficient to pay the amounts then becoming due under
the Notes, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto, and (unless the Paying Agent is the Indenture
Trustee) shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

The Issuing Entity will cause
each Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee to execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee an instrument in which such Paying
Agent shall agree with the Indenture Trustee (and if the Indenture Trustee acts as Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the
provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent will:

(i) hold
all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto
until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such Persons as herein
provided;

(ii) give
the Indenture Trustee notice of any default by the Issuing Entity (or any other obligor upon the Notes) of which it has actual knowledge
in the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes;

(iii) at
any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, forthwith pay to the Indenture
Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent;

(iv) immediately
resign as a Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of Notes if at any time
it ceases to meet the standards required to be met by a Paying Agent at the time of its appointment; and

(v) comply
with all requirements of the Code with respect to the withholding from any payments made by it on any Notes of any applicable withholding
taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

The Issuing Entity may at any
time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuing Entity Order
direct any Paying Agent to pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Indenture
Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Paying Agent; and upon such payment by any Paying Agent to
the Indenture Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

15

Subject to applicable laws
with respect to escheat of funds, any money held by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the payment of any amount
due with respect to any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from
such trust and be paid to the Issuing Entity on Issuing Entity Request; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured
general creditor, look only to the Issuing Entity for payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuing Entity),
and all liability of the Indenture Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease; provided,
however, that the Indenture Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, shall at the expense
and direction of the Issuing Entity cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily published
on each Business Day and of general circulation in the City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after
a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money
then remaining will be repaid to the Issuing Entity. The Indenture Trustee shall also adopt and employ, at the expense and direction
of the Issuing Entity, any other reasonable means of notification of such repayment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of
such repayment to Holders whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for redemption or whose right to or interest in
monies due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Indenture Trustee or of any Paying Agent, at the last
address of record for each such Holder).

Section 3.04 Existence.
The Issuing Entity will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a statutory trust under the laws of the State of
Delaware (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuing Entity hereunder is or becomes, organized under the laws of any other State or
of the United States of America, in which case the Issuing Entity will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises under
the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral and each
other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate.

Section 3.05 Protection
of Trust Estate. The Issuing Entity will from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all
such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and also deliver the Schedule
of Receivables and the Sale and Servicing Agreement (including Schedule A thereto, as revised from time to time) to the Indenture Trustee,
and will take such other action necessary or advisable to:

(i) maintain
or preserve the lien and security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

(ii) perfect,
publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

(iii) enforce
any of the Collateral; or

(iv) preserve
and defend title to the Trust Estate and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders in such Trust Estate against the claims
of all persons and parties.

16

The Issuing Entity hereby authorizes
the Administrator and Indenture Trustee to file any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument required to be executed
pursuant to this Section 3.05. The Issuing Entity hereby ratifies any such financing statements filed prior to the date hereof;
it being understood that such authorization shall not be deemed to be an obligation on the part of the Administrator or the Indenture
Trustee to make any such filing.

Section 3.06 Opinions
as to Trust Estate.

(a) On
the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion
of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto,
and any other requisite documents, and with respect to the execution and filing of any financing statements and continuation statements,
as are necessary to perfect and make effective the lien and security interest of this Indenture and reciting the details of such action,
or stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to make such lien and security interest effective.

(b) On
or before April 30, in each calendar year, beginning in 2026, the Issuing Entity shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion
of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording
and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and with respect to the execution
and filing of any financing statements and continuation statements as is necessary to maintain the lien and security interest created
by this Indenture and reciting the details of such action, or stating that in the opinion of such counsel no such action is necessary
to maintain such lien and security interest. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling
of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and the execution and filing of any financing
statements and continuation statements that will, in the opinion of such counsel, be required to maintain the lien and security interest
of this Indenture until April 30 in the following calendar year.

Section 3.07 Performance
of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables.

(a) The
Issuing Entity will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others that would release
any Person from any of such Persons material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Trust
Estate or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the validity or effectiveness
of, any such instrument or agreement, except as expressly provided in this Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement or such other
instrument or agreement.

(b) The
Issuing Entity may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such
duties by a Person identified to the Indenture Trustee in an Officers Certificate of the Issuing Entity shall be deemed to be
action taken by the Issuing Entity. Initially, the Issuing Entity has contracted with the Servicer and the Administrator to assist the
Issuing Entity in performing its duties under this Indenture.

17

(c) The
Issuing Entity will punctually perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the Basic Documents
and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including but not limited to filing or causing to be filed all UCC
financing statements and continuation statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement
in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuing
Entity shall not waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Basic Document or any provision thereof without the consent of the
Indenture Trustee or the Holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities.

(d) If
the Issuing Entity shall have knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Default under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuing Entity
shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies thereof, and shall specify in such notice the action, if any, the
Issuing Entity is taking with respect to such default. If a Servicer Default shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform
any of its duties or obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the Receivables, the Issuing Entity shall take
all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure.

(e) As
promptly as possible after the giving of notice of termination to the Servicer of the Servicers rights and powers pursuant to
Section 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall appoint a successor servicer (the Successor
Servicer), and such Successor Servicer shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in a form acceptable to the Indenture
Trustee. In the event that a Successor Servicer has not been appointed and accepted its appointment at the time when the Servicer ceases
to act as Servicer, the Indenture Trustee without further action shall automatically be appointed the Successor Servicer, subject to
Section 8.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Indenture Trustee may resign as the Servicer by giving written notice of such
resignation to the Issuing Entity and the Depositor and in such event will be released from such duties and obligations, such release
not to be effective until the date a new servicer enters into a servicing agreement with the Issuing Entity as provided below. Upon delivery
of any such notice to the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee shall obtain a new servicer as the Successor Servicer under the Sale
and Servicing Agreement. Any Successor Servicer other than the Indenture Trustee shall (i) be an established financial institution
having a net worth of not less than $100,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of Contracts and (ii) enter into
a servicing agreement with the Issuing Entity having substantially the same provisions as the provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
applicable to the Servicer. If within 30 days after the delivery of the notice referred to above, the Issuing Entity shall not have obtained
such a new servicer, the Indenture Trustee may appoint, or may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a Successor Servicer.
In connection with any such appointment, the Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of such successor as it
and such successor shall agree, subject to the limitations set forth below and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and in accordance
with Section 8.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuing Entity shall enter into an agreement with such successor
for the servicing of the Receivables (such agreement to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee). Notwithstanding
anything herein or in the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any Servicing
Fee or for any differential in the amount of the Servicing Fee paid hereunder and the amount necessary to induce any Successor Servicer
to act as Successor Servicer under the Basic Documents and the transactions set forth or provided for therein. If the Indenture Trustee
shall succeed to the Servicers duties as servicer of the Receivables as provided herein, it shall do so in its individual capacity
and not in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and, accordingly, the provisions of Article VI hereof shall be inapplicable
to the Indenture Trustee in its duties as the successor to the Servicer and the servicing of the Receivables. In case the Indenture Trustee
shall become successor to the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to appoint as
Servicer any one of its Affiliates, provided that it shall be fully liable for the actions and omissions of such Affiliate in such capacity
as Successor Servicer.

18

(f) Upon
any termination of the Servicers rights and powers pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuing Entity shall promptly
notify the Indenture Trustee. As soon as a Successor Servicer is appointed, the Indenture Trustee shall notify the Issuing Entity of
such appointment, specifying in such notice the name and address of such Successor Servicer.

(g) Without
derogating from the absolute nature of the assignment granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture or the rights of the Indenture
Trustee hereunder, the Issuing Entity agrees (i) that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Indenture Trustee or
the Holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, amend, modify, waive, supplement, terminate
or surrender, or agree to any amendment, modification, supplement, termination, waiver or surrender of, the terms of any Collateral (except
to the extent otherwise provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) or the Trust Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Receivables
Purchase Agreement, the Administration Agreement (except as may be permitted thereby), or waive timely performance or observance by the
Servicer or the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (except as may be permitted thereby); and (ii) that any such amendment
shall not (A) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, distributions that are required
to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or (B) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the Controlling Securities that is required
to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the Holders of all the Outstanding Notes. If any such amendment, modification,
supplement or waiver shall be so consented to by the Indenture Trustee or such Holders, the Issuing Entity agrees, promptly following
a request by the Indenture Trustee to do so, to execute and deliver, in its own name and at its own expense, such agreements, instruments,
consents and other documents as the Indenture Trustee may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

Section 3.08 Negative
Covenants. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuing Entity shall not:

(i) except
as expressly permitted by this Indenture, the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (A) dissolve or
liquidate in whole or in part or (B) sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuing
Entity, including those included in the Trust Estate, in either case, unless directed to do so by the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) claim
any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than amounts properly withheld
from such payments under the Code or applicable state law) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of
the payment of the taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate; or

19

(iii) (A) permit
the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the lien of this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated,
terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this
Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any lien, charge, excise, claim, security interest, mortgage or
other encumbrance (other than the lien of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Trust Estate
or any part thereof or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics liens and other liens that
arise by operation of law, in each case on any of the Financed Vehicles and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the
related Obligor) or (C) permit the lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any
such tax, mechanics or other lien) security interest in the Trust Estate.

Section 3.09 Annual
Statement as to Compliance. The Issuing Entity will deliver to the Indenture Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Issuing Entity (commencing with the fiscal year 2025), an Officers Certificate stating, as to the Authorized Officer
signing such Officers Certificate, that:

(i) a
review of the activities of the Issuing Entity during such year and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under such
Authorized Officers supervision; and

(ii) to
the best of such Authorized Officers knowledge, based on such review, the Issuing Entity has complied in all material respects
with all conditions and covenants under this Indenture throughout such year or, if there has been a material default in its compliance
with any such condition or covenant, specifying each such default known to such Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof.

Section 3.10 Issuing
Entity May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms.

(a) The
Issuing Entity shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, unless:

(i) the
Person (if other than the Issuing Entity) formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger shall be a Person organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America or any State and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed
and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of and interest on all Notes and the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture and the other Basic
Documents on the part of the Issuing Entity to be performed or observed, all as provided herein;

20

(ii) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(iii) the
Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction;

(iv) the
Issuing Entity shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the Indenture Trustee) to the effect
that such transaction will not have any material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to the Issuing Entity, any Noteholder or
any Certificateholder;

(v) any
action that is necessary to maintain the lien and security interest created by this Indenture shall have been taken; and

(vi) the
Issuing Entity shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that
such consolidation or merger and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article III and that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act).

(b) The
Issuing Entity shall not convey or transfer any of its properties or assets, including those included in the Trust Estate, to any Person,
unless:

(i) the
Person that acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties and assets of the Issuing Entity the conveyance or transfer of which is
hereby restricted (A) shall be a United States citizen or a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of
America or any State, (B) expressly assumes, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee,
in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Notes and the performance
or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Issuing Entity to be performed or observed, all as
provided herein, (C) expressly agrees by means of such supplemental indenture that all right, title and interest so conveyed or
transferred shall be subject and subordinate to the rights of Holders of the Notes, (D) unless otherwise provided in such supplemental
indenture, expressly agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuing Entity against and from any loss, liability or expense
arising under or related to this Indenture and the Notes and (E) expressly agrees by means of such supplemental indenture that such
Person (or if a group of Persons, then one specified Person) shall make all filings with the Commission (and any other appropriate Person)
required by the Exchange Act in connection with the Notes;

21

(ii) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(iii) the
Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction;

(iv) the
Issuing Entity shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the Indenture Trustee) to the effect
that such transaction will not have any material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to the Issuing Entity, any Noteholder or
any Certificateholder;

(v) any
action that is necessary to maintain the lien and security interest created by this Indenture shall have been taken; and

(vi) the
Issuing Entity shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that
such conveyance or transfer and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article III and that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act).

Section 3.11 Successor
or Transferee. Upon any consolidation or merger of the Issuing Entity in accordance with Section 3.10(a), the Person formed
by or surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuing Entity) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise
every right and power of, the Issuing Entity under this Indenture with the same effect as if such Person had been named as the Issuing
Entity herein.

(a) Upon
a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and properties of the Issuing Entity pursuant to Section 3.10(b), World Omni Auto
Receivables Trust 2025-A will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture to be observed or performed on the part
of the Issuing Entity with respect to the Notes immediately upon the delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee stating that
World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A is to be so released.

Section 3.12 No
Other Business. The Issuing Entity shall not engage in any business other than financing, purchasing, owning, selling and managing
the Receivables in the manner contemplated by this Indenture and the Basic Documents and activities incidental thereto. After the Closing
Date, the Issuing Entity shall not fund the purchase of any new Contracts.

Section 3.13 No
Borrowing. The Issuing Entity shall not issue, incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any
indebtedness.

Section 3.14 Servicers
Obligations. The Issuing Entity shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the Servicer to comply with Sections 4.09, 4.10, 4.11 and
5.07(b) and Article IX of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Section 3.15 Guarantees,
Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities. Except as contemplated by the Sale and Servicing Agreement or this Indenture, the Issuing
Entity shall not make any loan or advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of
assuring anothers payment or performance on any obligation or capability of so doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become
contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase
or acquire (or agree contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital
contribution to, any other Person.

22

Section 3.16 Capital
Expenditures. The Issuing Entity shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets
(either realty or personalty).

Section 3.17 Removal
of Administrator. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuing Entity shall not remove the Administrator without cause unless
the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied in connection with such removal.

Section 3.18 Restricted
Payments. The Issuing Entity shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction
of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to the Owner Trustee or any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuing Entity
or to the Servicer (except as provided in the Basic Documents), (ii) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any
such ownership or equity interest or security or (iii) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose; provided,
however, that the Issuing Entity may make, or cause to be made, (x) distributions as contemplated by, and to the extent funds are
available for such purpose under, the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Trust Agreement and (y) payments to the Indenture Trustee
pursuant to Section 1.01(a)(ii) of the Administration Agreement. The Issuing Entity will not, directly or indirectly, make
payments to or distributions from the Collection Account except in accordance with this Indenture and the Basic Documents.

Section 3.19 Notice
of Events of Default. The Issuing Entity shall give the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies prompt written notice of each Event
of Default hereunder and each Servicer Default.

Section 3.20 Further
Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Indenture Trustee or as necessary, the Issuing Entity will execute and deliver such further
instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture.

Article IV

Satisfaction
and Discharge

Section 4.01 Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes except as to (i) rights
of registration of transfer and exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) rights of
Noteholders to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon, (iv) Sections 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 3.08, 3.10, 3.12, 3.13,
3.14 and 3.15, (v) the rights, obligations under this Article IV, and immunities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder (including
the rights of the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.07) and (vi) the rights of Noteholders as beneficiaries hereof with respect
to the property so deposited with the Indenture Trustee payable to all or any of them, and the Indenture Trustee, on demand of and at
the expense of the Issuing Entity, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect
to the Notes, when:

23

(A) either:

(1) all
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been
replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.06 and (ii) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in
trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuing Entity and thereafter repaid to the Issuing Entity or discharged from such trust,
as provided in Section 3.03) have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation; or

(2) all
Notes not theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation:

(I) have
become due and payable, or

(II) are
to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption
by the Indenture Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuing Entity,

and the Issuing Entity, in the case of
(I) or (II) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited with the Indenture Trustee
cash or direct obligations of or obligations guaranteed by the United States of America (which will mature prior to the date such amounts
are payable), in trust for such purpose, in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Notes not theretofore
delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation when due to the applicable Final Scheduled Payment Date or Redemption Date (if Notes
shall have been called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.01), as the case may be;

(B) the
Issuing Entity has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by the Issuing Entity hereunder; and

(C) the
Issuing Entity has delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and (if required by the TIA
or the Indenture Trustee) an Independent Certificate from a firm of certified public accountants, each meeting the applicable requirements
of Section 11.01(a) and, subject to Section 11.02, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided
for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

24

Section 4.02 Application
of Trust Money. All monies deposited with the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof shall be held in trust and applied
by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent,
as the Indenture Trustee may determine, to the Holders of the particular Notes for the payment or redemption of which such monies have
been deposited with the Indenture Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest; but such monies need
not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required herein or in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or required by law.

Section 4.03 Repayment
of Monies Held by Paying Agent. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, all
monies then held by any Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to such Notes
shall, upon demand of the Issuing Entity, be paid to the Indenture Trustee to be held and applied according to Section 3.03 and
thereupon such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such monies.

Article V

Remedies

Section 5.01 Events
of Default.

(a) Event
of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and,
subject to Sections 5.01(a)(iv) and (v) whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation
of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental
body):

(i) default
in the payment of any interest on any Note of the Controlling Securities when the same becomes due and payable, and such default shall
continue for a period of five Business Days; or

(ii) default
in the payment of the principal of or any installment of the principal of any Note when the same becomes due and payable (A) in
accordance with Sections 3.01 and 8.02(d) to the extent funds are available therefor and (B) on the related Final
Scheduled Payment Date or Redemption Date; or

(iii) material
default in the observance or performance of any covenant or agreement of the Issuing Entity made in this Indenture (other than a covenant
or agreement, a default in the observance or performance of which is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with), or any
representation or warranty of the Issuing Entity made in this Indenture or in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto
or in connection herewith proving to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and
such default shall continue or not be cured, or the circumstance or condition in respect of which such misrepresentation or warranty
was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured, for a period of 90 days after there shall have been given, by registered
or certified mail, to the Issuing Entity by the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of
at least 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, a written notice specifying such default or incorrect representation
or warranty and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a notice of Default hereunder; or

25

(iv) the
filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Issuing Entity or any substantial
part of the Trust Estate in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now
or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuing
Entity or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuing Entitys affairs,
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or

(v) the
commencement by the Issuing Entity of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Issuing Entity to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under
any such law, or the consent by the Issuing Entity to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuing Entity or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or the making by the
Issuing Entity of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by the Issuing Entity generally to pay its debts
as such debts become due, or the taking of any action by the Issuing Entity in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(b) The
Issuing Entity shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee, within five days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an
Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice and the lapse of time would become an Event of Default under
clause (a)(iii), its status and what action the Issuing Entity is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) if any delay in or failure of performance referred to in clauses (a)(i) above shall have been caused
by Force Majeure, the five Business Day grace period referred to in such clause (a)(i) shall be extended for an additional
30 days, (ii) if any delay in or failure of performance referred to under clause (a)(ii) above shall have been caused
by Force Majeure, such failure or delay referred to in such clause (a)(ii) shall not constitute an Event of Default for an
additional 30 days and (iii) if any delay in or failure of performance referred to in clause (a)(iii) shall have been
caused by Force Majeure, the 90 day grace period referred to in such clause (a)(iii) shall be extended for an additional
30 days. Upon the occurrence of any such event, each of the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, shall not be relieved
from using its best efforts to perform its obligations in a timely manner in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, shall provide the Indenture Trustee (if such delay or failure is a result of a delay
or failure by the Issuing Entity), the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders prompt notice of such failure or delay
by it, together with a description of its efforts to so perform its obligations.

26

Section 5.02 Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of Default should occur and be continuing, then and in every such case the Indenture
Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities may declare
all the Notes to be immediately due and payable, by a notice in writing to the Issuing Entity (and to the Indenture Trustee if given
by Noteholders), and upon any such declaration the unpaid principal amount of such Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon
through the date of acceleration, shall become immediately due and payable.

At any time after such declaration
of acceleration of maturity has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Indenture
Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority of the Outstanding
Amount of the Controlling Securities, by written notice to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration
and its consequences if:

(i) the
Issuing Entity has paid or deposited with the Indenture Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

(A) all
payments of principal of and interest on all Notes and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder or upon such Notes if the Event
of Default giving rise to such acceleration had not occurred; and

(B) all
sums paid or advanced by the Indenture Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the
Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

(ii) all
Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such acceleration, have been
cured or waived as provided in Section 5.12.

No such rescission shall affect
any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereto.

Section 5.03 Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Indenture Trustee.

(a) The
Issuing Entity covenants that if (i) an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(a)(i) has occurred and is continuing
or (ii) an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(a)(ii) has occurred and is continuing, the Issuing Entity
will, upon demand of the Indenture Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable
on such Notes for principal and interest, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent payment at such rate of interest
shall be legally enforceable, on overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes and, in addition thereto, such further
amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel.

27

(b) In
case the Issuing Entity shall fail forthwith to pay such amounts upon such demand, the Indenture Trustee, in its own name and as trustee
of an express trust, may institute a Proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute such Proceeding to
judgment or final decree, and may enforce the same against the Issuing Entity or other obligor upon such Notes and collect in the manner
provided by law out of the property of the Issuing Entity or other obligor upon such Notes, wherever situated, the monies adjudged or
decreed to be payable.

(c) If
an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, as more particularly provided in Section 5.04, proceed
to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Noteholders, by such appropriate Proceedings as the Indenture Trustee may deem
necessary to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture
or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the
Indenture Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

(d) In
case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuing Entity or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership
interest in the Trust Estate, Proceedings under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, or liquidator, sequestrator
or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuing Entity or its property or such other obligor or
Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial Proceedings relative to the Issuing Entity or other obligor upon the Notes, or to
the creditors or property of the Issuing Entity or such other obligor, the Indenture Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of
any Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture
Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such
Proceedings or otherwise:

(i) to
file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and to file
such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim
for reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and
counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor
Indenture Trustee, except as a result of negligence or bad faith) and of the Noteholders allowed in such Proceedings;

(ii) unless
prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of Notes in any election of a trustee, a standby trustee
or Person performing similar functions in any such Proceedings;

(iii) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts received with
respect to the claims of the Noteholders and of the Indenture Trustee on their behalf; and

28

(iv) to
file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture
Trustee or the Holders of Notes allowed in any Proceedings relative to the Issuing Entity, its creditors and its property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian
or other similar official in any such Proceeding is hereby authorized by each of such Noteholders to make payments to the Indenture Trustee
and, in the event that the Indenture Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to such Noteholders, to pay to the Indenture
Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee
and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture
Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

(e) Nothing
herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf
of any Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder
thereof or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Noteholder in any such proceeding except, as aforesaid,
to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person.

(f) All
rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Indenture Trustee without
the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or other Proceedings relative thereto, and any such action
or Proceedings instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery
of judgment, subject to the payment of the expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture
Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

(g) In
any Proceedings brought by the Indenture Trustee (and also any Proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture
to which the Indenture Trustee shall be a party), the Indenture Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and
it shall not be necessary to make any Noteholder a party to any such Proceedings.

Section 5.04 Remedies;
Priorities.

(a) If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, or at the direction of the holders of at least
a majority of the Controlling Securities shall, do one or more of the following (subject to Section 5.05):

(i) institute
Proceedings in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Notes or under this
Indenture with respect thereto, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained and collect from the Issuing Entity
and any other obligor upon such Notes monies adjudged due;

29

(ii) institute
Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate;

(iii) exercise
any remedies of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and remedies of
the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes; and

(iv) sell
the Trust Estate or any portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in
any manner permitted by law; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust
Estate following an Event of Default, other than an Event of Default described in Section 5.01(a)(i) or (ii),
unless (A) the Holders of 100% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes consent thereto, (B) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation
distributable to the Noteholders are sufficient to discharge in full all amounts then due and unpaid upon such Notes for principal and
interest or (C) the Indenture Trustee determines that the Trust Estate will not continue to provide sufficient funds for the payment
of principal of and interest on the Notes as they would have become due if the Notes had not been declared due and payable, and the Indenture
Trustee obtains the consent of Holders of not less than 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities. In determining
such sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to clauses (B) and (C), the Indenture Trustee may, but need not,
obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility
of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose.

(b) 
If the Indenture Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article V, it shall deposit
such money or property to the Collection Account as Collections to be applied pursuant to Article V of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

The Indenture Trustee may fix
a record date and payment date for any payment to Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At least 15 days before such record date, the
Issuing Entity shall mail to each Noteholder and the Indenture Trustee a notice that states the record date, the payment date and the
amount to be paid.

Section 5.05 Optional
Preservation of the Receivables. If the Notes have been declared to be due and payable under Section 5.02 following an Event
of Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and annulled, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, elect
to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. It is the desire of the parties hereto and the Noteholders that there be at all times sufficient
funds for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes, and the Indenture Trustee shall take such desire into account when determining
whether or not to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. In determining whether to maintain possession of the Trust Estate, the Indenture
Trustee may, but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation
as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose.

30

Section 5.06 Limitation
of Suits. No Holder of any Note shall have any right to institute any Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture,
or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, except in accordance with Section 3.02(c) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, unless:

(i) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default;

(ii) the
Holders of not less than 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have made written request to the Indenture Trustee
to institute such Proceeding in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee hereunder;

(iii) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities
to be incurred in complying with such request;

(iv) the
Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such Proceedings;
and

(v) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of
at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities.

It is understood and intended
that no one or more Holders of Notes shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this
Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holders of Notes or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference
over any other Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided.

Subject to Section 5.06(v),
in the event the Indenture Trustee shall receive, in connection with Sections 5.06(ii) and (iii), conflicting or inconsistent
requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Holders of Notes, each representing less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount
of the Controlling Securities, the Indenture Trustee shall act at the direction of the group of Holders of Notes representing the greater
Outstanding Amount of Controlling Securities. If the Indenture Trustee receives, in connection with this Section 5.06, conflicting
or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Holders of Notes representing an equal Outstanding Amount of the Controlling
Securities, the Indenture Trustee shall notify the applicable Holders of Notes and request a joint direction regarding what action, if
any, shall be taken, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture.

Section 5.07 Unconditional
Rights of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Indenture, the Holder of any
Note shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on such
Note on or after the respective due dates thereof expressed in such Note or in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after
the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the
consent of such Holder.

31

Section 5.08 Restoration
of Rights and Remedies. If the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under
this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Indenture
Trustee or to such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject
to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all
rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted.

Section 5.09 Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in
addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion
or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate
right or remedy.

Section 5.10 Delay
or Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy
accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Default or Event
of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Indenture Trustee or to the
Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or by the Noteholders,
as the case may be.

Section 5.11 Control
by Noteholders. The Holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities shall have the right to
direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the
Notes or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee; provided that:

(i) such
direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture or other Basic Documents;

(ii) subject
to the express terms of Section 5.04, any direction to the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate shall
be by Holders of Notes representing not less than 100% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities;

(iii) if
the conditions set forth in Section 5.05 have been satisfied and the Indenture Trustee elects to retain the Trust Estate
pursuant to such Section, then any direction to the Indenture Trustee by Holders of Notes representing less than 100% of the Outstanding
Amount of the Controlling Securities to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate shall be of no force and effect; and

32

(iv) the
Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction.

Notwithstanding the rights of Noteholders set
forth in this Section, subject to Section 6.01, the Indenture Trustee need not take any action that it determines might involve
it in liability or might materially adversely affect the rights of any Noteholders not consenting to such action.

Section 5.12 Waiver
of Past Defaults. Prior to the declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in Section 5.02, the
Holders of Notes of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities may waive any past Default or Event of
Default and its consequences except a Default (a) in payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes or (b) in respect
of a covenant or provision hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Note. In the case of
any such waiver, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and
rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

Upon any such waiver, such
Default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall
be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent
or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

Section 5.13 Undertaking
for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of a Note by such Holders acceptance thereof shall be deemed
to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture,
or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Indenture Trustee, the filing by any
party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable
costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and reasonable expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard
to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not
apply to (a) any suit instituted by the Indenture Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Noteholder, or group of Noteholders,
in each case holding in the aggregate more than 10% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities or (c) any suit instituted
by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of principal of or interest on any Note on or after the respective due dates expressed
in such Note and in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date).

Section 5.14 Waiver
of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuing Entity covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist
upon, or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now
or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Issuing Entity (to the
extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder,
delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Indenture Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every
such power as though no such law had been enacted.

33

Section 5.15 Action
on Notes. The Indenture Trustees right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall not be affected
by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the lien of this Indenture
nor any rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Indenture
Trustee against the Issuing Entity or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any
of the assets of the Issuing Entity. Any money or property collected by the Indenture Trustee shall be applied in accordance with Section 5.04(b).

Section 5.16 Performance
and Enforcement of Certain Obligations.

(a) Promptly
following a request from the Indenture Trustee to do so and at the Administrators expense, the Issuing Entity shall take all such
lawful action as the Indenture Trustee, at the direction of the Holders of a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
shall request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Depositor or the Servicer, as applicable, of each of their obligations
to the Issuing Entity under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Depositor or the Servicer, as applicable,
of each of their obligations under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and to exercise any and all rights, remedies,
powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuing Entity under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the extent
and in the manner directed by the Indenture Trustee, at the direction of the Holders of a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling
Securities, including the transmission of notices of default under the Sale and Servicing Agreement on the part of the Depositor or the
Servicer thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Depositor
or the Servicer of each of their obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(b) If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, and at the direction (which direction shall be in writing)
of the Holders of 66 2/3% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities shall, exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges
and claims of the Issuing Entity against the Depositor or the Servicer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
or against the Depositor under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including the right or power to take any action
to compel or secure performance or observance by the Depositor or the Servicer, of each of their obligations to the Issuing Entity thereunder
and to give any consent, request, notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Receivables
Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, and any right of the Issuing Entity to take such action shall be suspended.

34

Article VI

The
Indenture Trustee

Section 6.01 Duties
of Indenture Trustee.

(a) If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture
and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the
conduct of such persons own affairs.

(b) Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) the
Indenture Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied
covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture or any other document against the Indenture Trustee; and

(ii) in
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; however, in the case of certificates or opinions specifically required by any provision of this Indenture to be furnished
to it, the Indenture Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform on their face to the
requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated
therein).

(c) The
Indenture Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful
misconduct, except that:

(i) this
paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 6.01;

(ii) the
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that
the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii) the
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction
received from a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

(d) Every
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Indenture Trustee is subject to this Article VI.

35

(e) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Indenture Trustee may agree in writing with
the Issuing Entity.

(f) Money
held in trust by the Indenture Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of this
Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(g) No
provision of this Indenture shall require the Indenture Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds
to believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it, and none
of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall in any event require the Indenture Trustee to perform, or be responsible for the
performance of, any of the obligations of the Servicer under this Indenture except during such time, if any, as the Indenture Trustee
shall be the successor to, and be vested with the rights, duties, powers and privileges of the Servicer in accordance with the terms
of this Indenture.

(h) Every
provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Indenture Trustee shall
be subject to the provisions of this Article VI and to the provisions of the TIA.

(i) The
Indenture Trustee shall have no duty (i) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of this Indenture or any agreement referred
to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such
recording or filing or depositing or to any re-recording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof or to monitor the status of any lien
or the performance of the Collateral, (ii) to see to any insurance or (iii) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax,
assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any
part of the Collateral.

(j) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default, Event of Default or breach of representation or warranty, or be
required to act thereon, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default, Event of Default or
breach of representation or warranty or (2) written notice of such Default, Event of Default or breach of representation or warranty
shall have been given to such Indenture Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. Except as expressly set forth in
the Basic Documents, the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to take any action to determine whether any such default or event
has occurred. For the avoidance of doubt, receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a Review Report shall not constitute actual knowledge of
any breach of representation or warranty.

Section 6.02 Rights
of Indenture Trustee.

(a) The
Indenture Trustee, in the absence of bad faith, may conclusively rely on, and need not investigate any fact or matter stated in, any
document (including any such document delivered in electronic format) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed
or presented by the proper person. Except as expressly stated herein or in the other Basic Documents, the Indenture Trustee need not
investigate or re-calculate, evaluate, certify, verify or independently determine the accuracy of any information, report, certificate,
statement, representation or warranty or any fact or matter stated in any such document and may conclusively rely as to the truth of
the statements and the accuracy of the information therein.

36

(b) Before
the Indenture Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate of the Issuing Entity or an Opinion
of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on an Officers
Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

(c) The
Indenture Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on
the part of, or for the supervision of, any such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder.

(d) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within
its rights or powers; provided, that the Indenture Trustees conduct does not constitute willful misconduct, negligence
or bad faith.

(e) The
Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, accountants, and experts of its own selection, and the advice or opinion of counsel, accountants,
or experts with respect to legal, accounting, or matters relating to this Indenture and the Notes or any related document shall be full
and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good
faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel, accountant, or expert.

(f) The
Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to institute,
conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto or to honor the request or direction of any of the Noteholders pursuant
to this Indenture, unless such Noteholders shall have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory
to it against the reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements, advances and liabilities which might be incurred by it, its agents and its
counsel in compliance with such request or direction, except with respect to requests, demands or directions relating to communications
between Noteholders or Note Owners under Section 7.02(e) or an asset representations review demand under Section 7.05,
in which case any such costs, expenses, disbursements, advances and liabilities which might be incurred by the Indenture Trustee, its
agents and its counsel in compliance with such request or direction shall be subject to the Issuing Entity and Administrators
compensation and indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 6.07.

37

(g) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document, unless requested in writing
to do so by the Holders of Notes representing at least 25% of the Controlling Securities; provided that if the payment within a reasonable
time to the Indenture Trustee of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such investigation is,
in the opinion of the Indenture Trustee, not reasonably assured to the Indenture Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms
of this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee may require indemnity satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee in its reasonable judgment against
such cost, expense or liability as a condition to taking any such action. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee have any responsibility
to monitor World Omnis compliance with or be charged with knowledge of the requirements of Regulation RR or the Credit Risk Retention
Rules, nor shall it be liable to any Noteholder, Certificateholder, or any party whatsoever for violation of such rules or requirements
or such similar provisions now or hereafter in effect.

(h) The
right of the Indenture Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty, and the
Indenture Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith in the performance of such act.

(i) The
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to
be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent,
custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder and in each document to which it is a party.

(j) In
no event shall the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder
arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages,
acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, epidemics or pandemics, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer systems and services; it being understood that the Indenture
Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon
as practicable under the circumstances.

(k) In
no event shall the Indenture Trustee be personally liable (i) for special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages (including
lost profits), (ii) for the acts or omissions of its nominees, correspondents, clearing agencies or securities depositories and
(iii) for the acts or omissions of brokers or dealers.

(l) In
no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for the failure to perform its duties hereunder if such failure is a direct or proximate
result of another partys failure to perform its obligations hereunder.

(m) In
order to comply with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, the Indenture Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record certain information
relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Indenture Trustee. Accordingly, each of the parties
agrees to provide to the Indenture Trustee upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying information and documentation
as may be reasonably available for such party in order to enable the Indenture Trustee to comply with such Applicable Anti-Money Laundering
Law.

38

(n) Each
Holder, by its acceptance of a Note hereunder, represents that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Indenture Trustee
or any other Person, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own investment decision in respect
of the Notes. Each Holder also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Indenture Trustee or any other Person,
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Indenture or any other document and in connection with the Notes. Except for notices, reports and other
documents expressly required to be furnished to the Holders by the Indenture Trustee hereunder, the Indenture Trustee shall not have
any duty or responsibility to provide any Holder with any other information concerning the Issuing Entity, the Servicer or any other
parties to any related documents which may come into the possession of the Indenture Trustee or any of its officers, directors, employees,
agents, representatives or attorneys-in-fact.

(o) The
Indenture Trustee may, from time to time, reasonably request that the Issuing Entity, the Administrator, the Servicer and any other applicable
party deliver a certificate (upon which the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles
of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture or any related document together with a specimen
signature of such authorized officers and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the then current certificate
until receipt of a superseding certificate.

(p) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be required to take any action it is directed to take under this Indenture if the Indenture Trustee reasonably
determines in good faith that the action so directed would involve the Indenture Trustee in personal liability, would violate the rights
of the non-directing Noteholders, or is contrary to applicable law or inconsistent with this Indenture or other Basic Documents.

(q) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action or inaction of the Issuing Entity, Servicer, Depositor, or any other party (or agent
thereof) to this Indenture or any related document and may assume compliance by such parties with their obligations under this Indenture
or any related agreements, unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge or received written notice
to the contrary at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee.

(r) Knowledge
of the Indenture Trustee shall not be attributed or imputed to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Associations other roles in the
transaction and knowledge of any Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Securities Intermediary, Certificate Registrar shall not be attributed
or imputed to each other or to the Indenture Trustee (in either case, other than those where the roles are performed by the same group
or division within U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or otherwise share the same Responsible Officers), or any affiliate,
line of business, or other division of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (and vice versa).

(s) The
Account Bank shall be afforded the same rights, privileges and protections as the Indenture Trustee hereunder.

39

Section 6.03 Individual
Rights of Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes
and may otherwise deal with the Issuing Entity or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Indenture Trustee.
Any Paying Agent, Note Registrar, co-registrar or co-paying agent may do the same with like rights. However, the Indenture Trustee must
comply with Sections 6.11 and 6.12.

Section 6.04 Indenture
Trustees Disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or
adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Issuing Entitys use of the proceeds from the Notes,
and it shall not be responsible for any statement of the Issuing Entity in the Indenture or in any document issued in connection with
the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication.

Section 6.05 Notice
of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and if it is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee,
the Indenture Trustee shall transmit to each Noteholder notice of the Default within 90 days after it obtains such actual knowledge.
Except in the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to the mandatory redemption
provisions of such Note), the Indenture Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in
good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Noteholders.

Section 6.06 Reports
by Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee shall make available to each Noteholder such information as may be required to enable
such holder to prepare its federal and state income tax returns. On or before each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will post
a copy of the statement or statements provided to the Indenture Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to Section 5.08 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement with respect to the applicable Payment Date on its internet website promptly following its receipt thereof, for the
benefit of the Noteholders. The Indenture Trustees internet website shall initially be located at https://pivot.usbank.com. Assistance
in using the website can be obtained by calling the Indenture Trustees bondholder services group at (800) 934-6802. The Indenture
Trustee may change the way the statements and information are posted or distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient
and/or accessible for such Noteholders, and the Indenture Trustee shall provide on the website timely and adequate notification to all
parties regarding any such change.

40

Section 6.07 Compensation
and Indemnity. The Issuing Entity shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, pursuant to the Administration Agreement, pay to the
Indenture Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its services as agreed in writing. The Indenture Trustees compensation
shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuing Entity shall, or shall cause the Administrator
to, reimburse the Indenture Trustee for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred or made by it in connection with
the administration of this Indenture and performance of its duties hereunder, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation
for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable and documented compensation and expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Indenture Trustees agents, counsel, accountants and experts; provided, that, reimbursement for expenses and disbursements
of any legal counsel to the Indenture Trustee, in connection with the closing of the transactions described in the Basic Documents, shall
be subject to any limitations separately agreed upon before the Closing Date between the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee. The
Issuing Entity shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, pursuant to the Administration Agreement, indemnify the Indenture Trustee
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses and including,
without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit
brought) by the Indenture Trustee of any indemnification or other obligation of the Issuing Entity or the Administrator) incurred by
it in connection with the administration of this Indenture and the performance of its duties hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall notify
the Issuing Entity and the Administrator promptly of any claim of which the Indenture Trustee has received written notice for which it
may seek indemnity. Failure by the Indenture Trustee to so notify the Issuing Entity and the Administrator shall not relieve the Issuing
Entity or the Administrator of its obligations hereunder. The Issuing Entity shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, defend any such
claim, and the Indenture Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuing Entity shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, pay the
fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Issuing Entity nor the Administrator need reimburse any expense or indemnify against any
loss, liability or expense incurred by the Indenture Trustee through the Indenture Trustees own willful misconduct, negligence
or bad faith.

The Issuing Entitys
payment obligations to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section shall survive the resignation or removal of the Indenture
Trustee and the discharge of this Indenture. When the Indenture Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in
Section 5.01(a)(iv) or (v) with respect to the Issuing Entity, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses
of administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
law.

Section 6.08 Replacement
of Indenture Trustee. No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and no appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee shall
become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.08. The Indenture
Trustee may resign at any time with thirty days prior written notice by so notifying the Issuing Entity. The Indenture Trustee
shall resign following the occurrence of an Event of Default if required by Section 310 of the TIA. The Holders of at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities may remove the Indenture Trustee by providing 30 days prior written notice
to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor and may appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. The Issuing Entity shall remove the Indenture
Trustee if:

(i) the
Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11;

(ii) the
Indenture Trustee is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent;

(iii) a
receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Indenture Trustee or its property; or

(iv) the
Indenture Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting as such under the Basic Documents or if acting would result in a violation of
applicable law (including, without limitation, ERISA).

41

If the Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed
or if a vacancy exists in the office of Indenture Trustee for any reason (the Indenture Trustee in such event being referred to herein
as the retiring Indenture Trustee), the Issuing Entity shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee and notify the Depositor
of such appointment.

A successor Indenture Trustee
shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Issuing Entity and the Depositor. Thereupon
the resignation or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Indenture Trustee shall have all
the rights, powers and duties of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Indenture Trustee shall mail a notice of its
succession to Noteholders. The retiring Indenture Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Indenture Trustee to the
successor Indenture Trustee.

If a successor Indenture Trustee
does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Issuing
Entity or the Holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities may, at the expense of the Issuing
Entity, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

If the Indenture Trustee fails
to comply with Section 6.11, any Noteholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Indenture
Trustee and the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

Notwithstanding the replacement
of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Issuing Entitys and the Administrators obligations under Section 6.07
shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Indenture Trustee.

Section 6.09 Successor
Indenture Trustee by Merger. If the Indenture Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially
all its corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation
without any further act shall be the successor Indenture Trustee; provided, that such corporation or banking association shall
be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 6.11. The Indenture Trustee shall provide the Depositor (who shall promptly provide
such notice to the Rating Agencies) prior written notice of any such transaction (provided, that if the Indenture Trustee shall
be a public company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of a public company, no earlier than at such time as the Indenture Trustee or such Affiliate
is required to make such information public). Additionally, the Indenture Trustee shall provide the Depositor with written notice of
the consummation of such transaction no later than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of such event, together with the
information reasonably requested by the Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect
to a successor Indenture Trustee.

In case at the time such successor
or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture any
of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Indenture Trustee may adopt the certificate of
authentication of any predecessor trustee and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not
have been authenticated, any successor to the Indenture Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder
or in the name of the successor to the Indenture Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it
is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Indenture Trustee shall have.

42

Section 6.10 Appointment
of Co-Indenture Trustee or Separate Indenture Trustee.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any
part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Indenture Trustee shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments
to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of
the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of the Noteholders, such title to the Trust
Estate, or any part hereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts
as the Indenture Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet the
terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice to Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee
or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.08 hereof.

(b) Every
separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(i) all
rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised
or performed by the Indenture Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee
or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Indenture Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under
any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified
to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust
Estate or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee,
but solely at the direction of the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) no
trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder; and

(iii) the
Indenture Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

(c) Any
notice, request or other writing given to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees
and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer
to this Indenture and the conditions of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the
trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Indenture
Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture, specifically including every provision
of this Indenture relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Indenture Trustee. Every such
instrument shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee.

43

(d) Any
separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the Indenture Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority,
to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any
separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies
and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new
or successor trustee.

Section 6.11 Eligibility;
Disqualification. The Indenture Trustee shall at all times satisfy the requirements of TIA 310(a). The Indenture Trustee
shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition,
and if the Indenture Trustee shall have time deposits, then such time deposits shall be rated at least A-2 by S&P and F1 by Fitch,
or such other rating acceptable to each such Rating Agency. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with TIA 310(b), including
the optional provision permitted by the second sentence of TIA 310(b)(9); provided, however, that there shall
be excluded from the operation of TIA 310(b)(1) any indenture or indentures under which other securities of the Issuing
Entity are outstanding if the requirements for such exclusion set forth in TIA 310(b)(1) are met. Notwithstanding any
other provision herein or any other Basic Document to the contrary, the Indenture Trustee shall be disqualified, at any time, if acting
as such under the Basic Documents would result in a violation of applicable law (including, without limitation, ERISA).

Section 6.12 Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Issuing Entity. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with TIA 311(a), excluding any creditor
relationship listed in TIA 311(b). An Indenture Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA 311(a) to
the extent indicated.

Section 6.13 Representations
and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee hereby makes the following representations and warranties on which
the Issuing Entity and Noteholders shall rely:

(a) the
Indenture Trustee is a national banking association duly organized, validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation;

(b) the
Indenture Trustee has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver, and perform this Indenture and shall have taken all
necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Indenture;

(c) the
execution, delivery and performance by the Indenture Trustee of this Indenture (i) shall not violate any provision of any law or
regulation governing the banking and trust powers of the Indenture Trustee or any order, writ, judgment or decree of any court, arbitrator,
or governmental authority applicable to the Indenture Trustee or any of its assets, (ii) shall not violate any provision of the
corporate charter or by-laws of the Indenture Trustee and (iii) shall not violate any provision of, or constitute, with or without
notice or lapse of time, a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien on any properties included in the Trust
Estate pursuant to the provisions of any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or other undertaking to which it is a party, which
violation, default or lien could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the Indenture Trustees performance
or ability to perform its duties under this Indenture or on the transactions contemplated in this Indenture;

44

(d) no
consent, license, approval or authorization of, or filing or registration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency is required
to be obtained that has not been obtained by the Indenture Trustee in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Indenture
Trustee of the Basic Documents; and

(e) this
Indenture has been duly executed and delivered by the Indenture Trustee and constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of the
Indenture Trustee, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

Section 6.14 Communications
Regarding Demands to Repurchase Receivables. The Indenture Trustee shall provide prompt notice to World Omni and the Depositor of
all demands received by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee for the repurchase or replacement of any Receivable for breach
of the representations and warranties concerning such Receivable. The Indenture Trustee shall, upon written request and at the sole cost
and expense of either World Omni or the Depositor, provide (x) notification to World Omni and the Depositor with respect to any
actions taken by the Indenture Trustee or determinations made by the Indenture Trustee, in each case with respect to any such demand
communicated to the Indenture Trustee in respect of any Receivables, and (y) any other records or information related to such demand
reasonably requested by World Omni or the Depositor, as applicable, that is in the Indenture Trustees possession and reasonably
accessible to it, such notifications to be provided by the Indenture Trustee as soon as practicable and in any event within five (5) Business
Days of such request or such other time frame as may be mutually agreed to by the Indenture Trustee and World Omni or the Depositor,
as applicable. Such notices shall be provided to World Omni and the Depositor at 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442,
Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer, or at such other address or by such other means of communication as may be specified
by World Omni or the Depositor to the Indenture Trustee from time to time. The Indenture Trustee and the Issuing Entity acknowledge and
agree that the purpose of this Section 6.14 is to facilitate compliance by World Omni and the Depositor with Rule 15Ga-1 under
the Exchange Act, as amended, and Items 1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB (the Repurchase Rules and Regulations).
The Indenture Trustee acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of the Repurchase Rules and Regulations may change over
time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed
securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and agrees to comply with reasonable requests made by World Omni and the Depositor
in good faith for delivery of information accessible by the Indenture Trustee under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations
of the Repurchase Rules and Regulations. The Indenture Trustee shall cooperate fully with World Omni and the Depositor to deliver
any and all records and any other information reasonably available to it and necessary in the good faith determination of World Omni
and the Depositor to permit them to comply with the provisions of Repurchase Rules and Regulations. In no event shall the Indenture
Trustee have any responsibility or liability in connection with any filing required to be made by a securitizer under the Exchange Act
or Regulation AB, and except as required by the express terms of the other Basic Documents, nor shall the Indenture Trustee have any
duty or obligation to undertake any investigation or inquiry related to repurchase activity or otherwise to assume any additional duties
or responsibilities in respect of this Indenture.

45

Article VII

Noteholders
Lists and Reports

Section 7.01 Issuing
Entity to Furnish Indenture Trustee Names and Addresses of Noteholders. The Issuing Entity will furnish or cause to be furnished
to the Indenture Trustee (a) not more than five days after the earlier of (i) each Record Date and (ii) three months after
the last Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders
of Notes as of such Record Date, and (b) at such other times as the Indenture Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after
receipt by the Issuing Entity of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a date not more than 10 days prior to the
time such list is furnished; provided, however, that so long as the Indenture Trustee is the Note Registrar, no such lists shall be required
to be furnished.

Section 7.02 Preservation
of Information; Communications to Noteholders; Noteholder Communications with Indenture Trustee; Communications between Noteholders.

(a) The
Indenture Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes
contained in the most recent list furnished to the Indenture Trustee as provided in Section 7.01 and the names and addresses
of Holders of Notes received by the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar. The Indenture Trustee may destroy any list furnished
to it as provided in such Section 7.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

(b) Noteholders
may communicate pursuant to TIA 312(b) with other Noteholders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under
the Notes.

(c) The
Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar shall have the protection of TIA 312(c).

46

(d) Noteholder
Communications with Indenture Trustee. A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the Notes
are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may communicate with the Indenture Trustee and give notices and make requests and demands and give
directions to the Indenture Trustee through the procedures of the Clearing Agency and by notice to the Indenture Trustee. Any Note Owner
must provide a written certification stating that the Person is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with at least one form of documentation
such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document
evidencing ownership of a Note, upon which the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely. The Indenture Trustee will not be required to
take action in response to requests, demands or directions of a Noteholder or a Note Owner, unless such Noteholder or Note Owner shall
have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements,
advances and liabilities which might be incurred by it, its agents and its counsel in compliance with such request, demand or direction,
except with respect to requests, demands or directions relating to communications between Noteholders or Note Owners under Section 7.02(e) or
an asset representations review demand under Section 7.05, in which case any such costs, expenses, disbursements, advances
and liabilities which might be incurred by the Indenture Trustee, its agents and its counsel in compliance with such request or direction
shall be subject to the Issuing Entity and Administrators compensation and indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 6.07.
The Indenture Trustee shall provide the Seller, the Servicer and the Issuing Entity with notice, as soon as practicable and in any event
within five (5) Business Days, of receipt of any requests by any Noteholder or Note Owner to communicate with other Noteholders
or Note Owners pursuant to Section 7.02(e) or any requests to repurchase a Receivable as the result of a breach of a
representation or warranty pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(e) Communications
between Noteholders. A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the Notes are represented
by Book-Entry Notes) that seeks to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a possible exercise of rights
under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents may send a written request to the Administrator on behalf of the Issuing Entity or
the Servicer to include information regarding the communication in a Form 10-D to be filed by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuing
Entity, with the Commission. Each request must include (i) the name of the requesting Noteholder (in the case of any Definitive
Note) or Note Owner (in the case of any Book-Entry Note), (ii) the method by which other Noteholders and Note Owners may contact
the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner and (iii) in the case of a Note Owner, a written certification stating that the Person is
a beneficial owner of a Note, together with at least one form of documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a
letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document evidencing ownership of a Note, upon which the Indenture
Trustee may conclusively rely. A Noteholder or Note Owner that delivers a request under this Section 7.02(e) will be
deemed to have certified to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer that its request to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners
relates solely to a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, and will not be used for other purposes.
The Issuing Entity will promptly deliver any such request to the Servicer. On receipt of such a request, the Servicer will include in
the Form 10-D filed by the Issuing Entity with the Commission for the Collection Period in which the request was received (A) a
statement that the Issuing Entity has received a request from a Noteholder or Note Owner, as applicable, that is interested in communicating
with other Noteholders or Note Owners about a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, (B) the
name of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner, (C) the date the request was received and (D) a description of the method
by which the other Noteholders or Note Owners may contact the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner. The Servicer will bear any costs associated
with including any such communication in the Form 10-D and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or, in the
case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, shall be required to agree that such requesting Noteholder or Note Owner will
pay any costs associated with communicating with other Noteholders or Note Owners, and none of the Seller, the Asset Representations
Reviewer, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity, the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee will be responsible
for such costs (for the avoidance of doubt, this sentence shall not limit the Issuing Entity or Administrators obligations to
the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Sections 6.02(f) or 7.02(d)).

47

Section 7.03 Reports
by Issuing Entity.

(a) The
Issuing Entity shall:

(i) file
with the Indenture Trustee, within 15 days after the Issuing Entity is required to file the same with the Commission, copies of the annual
reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission may
from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Issuing Entity may be required to file with the Commission pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

(ii) file
with the Indenture Trustee and the Commission in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission
such additional information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Issuing Entity with the conditions and covenants
of this Indenture as may be required from time to time by such rules and regulations;

(iii) supply
to the Indenture Trustee (and the Indenture Trustee shall transmit to The Depository Trust Company, on behalf of the Noteholders as described
in TIA 313(c)) such summaries of any information, documents and reports required to be filed by the Issuing Entity pursuant
to clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 7.03(a) and by rules and regulations prescribed
from time to time by the Commission; and

(iv) delivery
of such reports, information and documents to the Indenture Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Indenture Trustees
receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained
therein, including the Issuing Entitys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled
to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).

(b) Unless
the Issuing Entity otherwise determines, the fiscal year of the Issuing Entity shall end on December 31 of each year.

Section 7.04 Reports
by Indenture Trustee . If required by TIA 313(a), within 60 days after each February 1,
beginning with February 1, 2025, the Indenture Trustee shall make available to each Noteholder as required by TIA 313(c) a
brief report dated as of such date that complies with TIA 313(a). The Indenture Trustee also shall comply with TIA 313(b).
As required by TIA 313(d), a copy of each report at the time of its transmission to Noteholders shall be filed by the Indenture
Trustee with the Commission and each stock exchange, if any, on which the Notes are listed. The Issuing Entity shall notify the Indenture
Trustee if and when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or delisted therefrom.

48

Section 7.05 Noteholder
Demand for Asset Representations Review.

(a) If
the Delinquency Percentage for any Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger, a Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive
Notes) or a Note Owner (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may make a demand on the Indenture Trustee to cause a vote
of the Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review of the
Review Receivables under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In the case of a Note Owner, each demand and vote must be accompanied
by a written certification stating that the Person is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with at least one form of documentation
such as a trade confirmation, account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document evidencing
ownership of a Note, upon which the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely. If Noteholders and Note Owners that collectively hold Notes
evidencing at least 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes as of the date of filing the Form 10-D that disclosed that
the Delinquency Percentage for the related Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger demand a vote within 90 days of the filing of
such Form 10-D, the Indenture Trustee will promptly request a vote of the Noteholders and Note Owners as described in Section 7.05(b) below;
provided, that for the purpose of determining the holders of the Notes Outstanding, any Notes held by World Omni or any of its
Affiliates shall not be included in such calculation.

(b) Upon
the direction of the requisite Noteholders or Note Owners set forth in Section 7.05(a), the Indenture Trustee shall conduct
a vote of all Noteholders in accordance with the Indenture Trustees standard vote solicitation process (if the Notes are represented
by Definitive Notes) and shall cause a vote to be conducted in accordance with applicable Depository Trust Company procedures of all
Note Owners (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes). The Indenture Trustee shall provide to the Servicer, to the extent available
from the Depository Trust Company, if applicable, the voting instructions and procedures applicable to the Noteholders and Note Owners
to be included in the Form 10-D filed by the Issuing Entity with the Commission. Such Form 10-D will also include a statement
that sufficient Noteholders and Note Owners are requesting a full Noteholder vote to commence a Review and will describe the applicable
voting deadline. Each Noteholder and Note Owner that elects to vote shall vote on the issue of whether or not the Asset Representations
Reviewer should be directed to conduct a Review. The vote will remain open until the 150th day after the filing of the Form 10-D
reporting that the Delinquency Percentage for the related Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger.

(c) If
Noteholders holding at least 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes participate in such vote, and Noteholders representing
a majority of the Outstanding Amount of such Notes vote for a Review, the Indenture Trustee will promptly send a Review Notice to the
Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuing Entity and the Servicer notifying the Asset Representations Reviewer that the Noteholders
have requested the Review.

(d) The
Indenture Trustee shall cooperate with the Asset Representations Reviewer in the event a Review is commenced pursuant to this Section 7.05
and shall provide the Asset Representations Reviewer with any documents or other information in its possession and requested by the
Asset Representations Reviewer in connection with the Review. The Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to obtain missing information
from any other party or source; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee shall promptly forward any requests for information
not available to it to the Servicer and the Depositor.

49

(e) For
the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to (i) give notice to Noteholders that or determine whether
the Delinquency Percentage for any Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger or (ii) determine which assets are subject to Review
by the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Article VIII

Accounts,
Disbursements and Releases

Section 8.01 Collection
of Money. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive
and collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property
payable to or receivable by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall apply all such money received
by it as provided in this Indenture. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, if any default occurs in the making of
any payment or performance under any agreement or instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Indenture Trustee may take such action
as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including the institution and prosecution of appropriate Proceedings. Any
such action shall be without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture and any right to proceed
thereafter as provided in Article V.

Section 8.02 Trust
Accounts.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders, as applicable, the Issuing Entity shall
cause the Servicer to establish and maintain with the Account Bank and in the name of the Indenture Trustee, the Trust Accounts (other
than the Reserve Account) as provided in Section 5.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, bearing a designation clearly
indicating that funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders, as applicable.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuing Entity shall cause the Servicer to establish and maintain with the Account Bank and in the
name of the Issuing Entity, the Reserve Account as provided in Section 5.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, bearing
a designation clearly indicating that funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Issuing Entity.

(c) On
or before each Payment Date, in accordance with the instructions of the Servicer, based on the information contained in the Servicers
Certificate delivered on the related Payment Determination Date pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
the Indenture Trustee shall make, or shall cause the Account Bank to make, all withdrawals and deposits to the Collection Account, Note
Distribution Account and Reserve Account and shall make all distributions to Certificateholders in accordance with Sections 5.06
and 5.07 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

50

(d) Except
as otherwise provided in paragraph (e) below, on each Payment Date and Redemption Date, the Indenture Trustee shall, or shall
cause the Account Bank to, distribute all amounts on deposit in the Note Distribution Account, other than amounts deposited in the Note
Distribution Account pursuant to Section 5.01(d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and allocated pursuant to Section 5.06
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement to Noteholders in respect of the Notes to the extent of amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for
principal and interest (including any premium) in the following amounts:

(i) to
the Holders of Class A Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class A Notes pro rata based
upon the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest due and payable to the Holders of such Notes;

(ii) to
the Holders of the Class B Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class B Notes;

(iii) to
the Holders of the Class C Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class C Notes;

(iv) to
the Holders of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect
of principal on the Notes will be paid to the Holders of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes in the following
order of priority:

(A) to
the Class A-1 Notes until they are paid in full; then

(B) to
the Class A-2 Notes, pro rata to the Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes based upon the aggregate Outstanding Amount
of such Class, until they are paid in full; then

(C) to
the Class A-3 Notes until they are paid in full; then

(D) to
the Class A-4 Notes until they are paid in full; then

(E) to
the Class B Notes until they are paid in full; and then

(F) to
the Class C Notes until they are paid in full.

In addition, on the Final Scheduled
Payment Date for any Class of Notes, if the Outstanding Amount of any Class of Notes remains greater than zero, in accordance
with the instructions of the Servicer, based on the information contained in the Servicers Certificate delivered on the related
Payment Determination Date pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall, or
shall cause the Account Bank to, apply funds from the Reserve Account to repay the Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes in
full.

51

(e) In
the event the Notes are declared to be due and payable following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee shall,
or shall cause the Account Bank to, distribute all amounts on deposit in the Note Distribution Account and allocated pursuant to Section 5.06
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement to Noteholders in the following order of priority: (i) to the Holders of the Class A
Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class A Notes pro rata based upon the aggregate amount
of accrued and unpaid interest due and payable to the Holders of such Notes; (ii) to the Holders of the Class A Notes, all
amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of principal on the Class A Notes, first to the Holders of the Class A-1 Notes
until the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes is reduced to zero, then to the Holders of the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3
Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, pro rata, until paid in full; (iii) to the Holders of the Class B Notes, all amounts allocated
to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class B Notes; (iv) to the Holders of the Class B Notes, all amounts allocated
to such Holders in respect of principal on the Class B Notes, until paid in full; (v) to the Holders of the Class C Notes,
all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of interest on the Class C Notes; and (vi) to the Holders of the Class C
Notes, all amounts allocated to such Holders in respect of principal on the Class C Notes, until paid in full. If the Outstanding
Amount of any Class of Notes remains greater than zero after application of clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv),
(v) and (vi) above, the Indenture Trustee shall apply funds from the Reserve Account in the same order of priority
as described above to repay the Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes in full.

Section 8.03 Benchmark
Determination.

(a) On
each SOFR Adjustment Date, the Administrator shall determine the SOFR Rate in accordance with the definition thereof and shall send to
the Servicer by email transmission notification of the SOFR Rate for the Interest Accrual Period. The Servicer shall include the SOFR
Rate for the Interest Accrual Period in the Servicer Certificate. All determinations of the SOFR Rate, in the absence of manifest error,
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.

(b) If
the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the determination of the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement
determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to
the Class A-2b Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all such determinations on all subsequent dates. The Administrator
(on behalf of the Issuing Entity) shall deliver written notice (including by email) to each Rating Agency, the Indenture Trustee and
the Servicer on any SOFR Adjustment Date if, as of the applicable Reference Time, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity)
has determined with respect to the related Interest Accrual Period that there will be a change in the SOFR Rate or the terms related
thereto since the immediately preceding SOFR Adjustment Date due to a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) shall have the right
to make SOFR Conforming Changes and, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes, from time to time. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or the other Basic Documents to the contrary, upon the receipt
of such notice by the Rating Agencies, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer, and the inclusion of such information in the Servicer
Certificate, this Indenture and/or any other relevant Basic Document will be deemed to have been amended to reflect such Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes without further compliance with the provisions
of Article IX of this Indenture, or the amendment provisions of any other relevant Basic Document.

52

(c) All
percentages resulting from any calculation on the Class A-2b Notes shall be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage
point, with five-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 9.8765445% (or 0.098765445) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or
0.0987655)), and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from that calculation on the Class A-2b Notes will be rounded to the nearest
cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards).

(d) Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) pursuant to this Section 8.03 (or
pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 8.03 or in any such capitalized term), including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the
Administrators sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Basic Documents, will become effective without
consent from any other party. None of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the Sponsor,
the Depositor or the Servicer, or their respective Affiliates, will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of
the Issuing Entity pursuant to this Section 8.03 (or pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 8.03 or
in any such capitalized term), and each Noteholder and Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will
be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator,
the Sponsor, the Depositor and the Servicer, and their respective Affiliates relating to any such determinations.

(e) The
Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to (i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the SOFR Rate
(or the then-current Benchmark), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence
of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement,
or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select,
determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) determine
whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.

(f) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this
Agreement as a result of the unavailability of the SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark) and absence of a designated replacement
Benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without
limitation the Issuing Entity, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of
this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively
upon any determination made, and any instruction, notice, Officers Certificate or other instrument or information provided by
the Administrator, Servicer or Depositor without independent verification, investigation or inquiry of any kind by the Indenture Trustee.

53

(g) The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any interest rate published by any publication that is the source of determining the interest
rates of the Notes, including but not limited to the FRBNYs Website (or any successor source), for any rates compiled by the FRBNY
or any successor thereto, or for any rates published on any publicly available source, or in any of the foregoing cases for any delay,
error or inaccuracy in the publication of any such rates, or for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

Section 8.04 General
Provisions Regarding Accounts.

(a) So
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all or a portion of the funds in the Trust Accounts shall
be invested in Eligible Investments (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement), as determined solely by the Issuing Entity (or
Servicer on its behalf), and reinvested by the Indenture Trustee (or, at the direction of the Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank) subject
to the provisions of Section 5.01(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; provided, that, such funds in
the Reserve Account shall be invested in Eligible Investments meeting the requirements of 246.4(b)(2) of Regulation RR, as
determined solely by the Servicer. All income or other gain from investments of monies deposited in the Trust Accounts shall be deposited
by the Indenture Trustee in the Collection Account, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to such account. The
Issuing Entity will not direct the Indenture Trustee or the Account Bank to make any investment of any funds or to sell any investment
held in any Trust Account unless the security interest Granted and perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such investment
or the proceeds of such sale, in either case without any further action by any Person, and, in connection with any direction to the Indenture
Trustee or the Account Bank to make any such investment or sale, if requested by the Indenture Trustee, the Issuing Entity shall deliver
to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to the Indenture Trustee, to such effect. The Indenture Trustee will make
available to the Servicer monthly cash transaction statements which include detail for all investment transactions effected by the Indenture
Trustee hereunder or brokers selected by the Issuing Entity (or the Servicer on its behalf). Such statements will be delivered via the
Indenture Trustees online service and paper statements will be provided only upon request. The Issuing Entity further understands
that trade confirmations for securities transactions effected by the Indenture Trustee will be available upon request and at no additional
cost and other trade confirmations may be obtained from the applicable broker. Eligible Investments may be purchased by or through an
Affiliate of the Indenture Trustee.

(b) Subject
to Section 6.01(c), neither the Indenture Trustee or the Account Bank shall in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency
in any of the Trust Accounts resulting from any loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the
Indenture Trustees failure to make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity
as principal obligor and not as trustee, in accordance with their terms.

54

(c) If
(i) the Issuing Entity (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall have failed to give investment directions for any funds on deposit
in the Trust Accounts to the Indenture Trustee by such time as may be agreed by the Issuing Entity and Indenture Trustee on any Business
Day, (ii) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes but the Notes shall not
have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 5.02 or (iii) such Notes shall have been declared due and payable
following an Event of Default but amounts collected or receivable from the Trust Estate are being applied in accordance with Section 5.05
as if there had not been such a declaration, then the Indenture Trustee shall, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above,
to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the Trust Accounts in one or more Eligible Investments as specified in
clause (i) of the definition thereof; provided, that, such funds on deposit in the Reserve Account shall be invested
only in Eligible Investments specified in such clause (i) that meet the requirements of 246.4(b)(2) of Regulation RR,
as determined solely by the Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any funds in the Reserve
Account absent written instruction from the Servicer, or in the case of clause (i) above, invest such funds in accordance with the
most recent investment directions received from the Issuing Entity (or the Servicer on its behalf), or in the absence thereof, or unavailability
of such specified investments, such funds shall remain uninvested.

Section 8.05 Release
of Trust Estate.

(a) Subject
to the payment of its fees and expenses pursuant to Section 6.07, the Indenture Trustee may, and when required by the provisions
of this Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from the lien of this Indenture, or convey the Indenture Trustees
interest in the same, in a manner and under circumstances that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture. No party relying
upon an instrument executed by the Indenture Trustee as provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture
Trustees authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the application of any monies.

(b) The
Indenture Trustee shall, at such time as there are no Notes Outstanding and all sums due the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.07
have been paid, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the Notes from the lien of this Indenture and release
to the Issuing Entity or any other Person entitled thereto any funds then on deposit in the Trust Accounts; provided, that,
any amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account shall only be distributable to the Depositor following the final distribution to the Certificateholders.
The Indenture Trustee shall release property from the lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 8.05(b) only upon
receipt of an Issuing Entity Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate of the Issuing Entity, an Opinion of Counsel and (if
required by the TIA) Independent Certificates in accordance with TIA 314(c) and 314(d)(1) meeting the applicable
requirements of Section 11.01.

Section 8.06 Opinion
of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall receive at least seven days notice when requested by the Issuing Entity to take any
action pursuant to Section 8.05(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments involved, and the Indenture Trustee shall also require,
as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, stating the legal
effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete the same, and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking
of such action have been complied with and such action will not materially and adversely impair the security for the Notes or the rights
of the Noteholders in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be
required to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent
investigation, on the accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the Indenture Trustee in connection with
any such action.

55

Article IX

Supplemental
Indentures

Section 9.01 Supplemental
Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders.

(a) Without
the consent of the Holders of any Notes but with prior notice to the Rating Agencies, the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, when
authorized by an Issuing Entity Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto (which
shall conform to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act as in force at the date of the execution thereof), in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee, for any of the following purposes:

(i) to
correct or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the lien of this Indenture, or better to assure, convey and
confirm unto the Indenture Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the
lien of this Indenture additional property;

(ii) to
evidence the succession, in compliance with the applicable provisions hereof, of another person to the Issuing Entity, and the assumption
by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuing Entity herein and in the Notes contained;

(iii) to
add to the covenants of the Issuing Entity, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, or to surrender any right or power herein conferred
upon the Issuing Entity;

(iv) to
convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Indenture Trustee;

(v) to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein or in any supplemental indenture that may be inconsistent with any
other provision herein or in any supplemental indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture; provided, that such action, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate
of the Servicer, shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Notes;

(vi) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of the appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes and to add to or
change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more
than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Article VI;

56

(vii) to
modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this
Indenture under the TIA or under any similar federal statute hereafter enacted and to add to this Indenture such other provisions as
may be expressly required by the TIA;

(viii) to
correct any manifest error with the terms of this Indenture as compared to the terms set forth in the Final Prospectus; or

(ix) to
further prevent or help avoid the application to the Notes of the Treasury Regulations (or other interpretive guidance) issued under
Section 385 of the Code.

The Indenture Trustee is hereby
authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations
that may be therein contained.

(b) The
Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuing Entity Order, may, also without the consent of any of the Holders
of the Notes, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any
manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under
this Indenture; provided that such amendments require: (i) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) an Officers
Certificate of the Servicer stating that the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no supplemental indenture shall be effective without the prior written consent of the Asset
Representations Reviewer if the supplemental indenture would adversely modify the amount or timing of distributions to be made to the
Asset Representations Reviewer under this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility for determining whether any supplemental
indenture would adversely modify the amount or timing of distributions to be made to the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Indenture.

Section 9.02 Supplemental
Indentures with Consent of Noteholders.

(a) The
Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuing Entity Order, also may, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies
and with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, by Act of such Holders
delivered to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose
of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any
manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture
shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby:

57

(i) change
the date of payment of any installment of principal of or interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, the Interest
Rate thereon or the Redemption Price with respect thereto, change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the application of collections
on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the Notes, or change any place of payment
where, or the coin or currency in which, any Note or the interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement
of the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds available therefor, as provided in Article V, to the
payment of any such amount due on the Notes on or after the respective due dates thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after
the Redemption Date);

(ii) reduce
the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such
supplemental indenture, or the consent of the Holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this
Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Indenture;

(iii) modify
or alter the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding;

(iv) reduce
the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities required to direct the Indenture Trustee to direct the Issuing
Entity to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04;

(v) modify
any provision of this Section except to increase any percentage specified herein or to provide that certain additional provisions
of this Indenture or the Basic Documents cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected
thereby;

(vi) modify
any of the provisions of this Indenture in such manner as to affect the calculation of the amount of any payment of interest or principal
due on any Note on any Payment Date (including the calculation of any of the individual components of such calculation) or to affect
the rights of the Holders of Notes to the benefit of any provisions for the mandatory redemption of the Notes contained herein;

(vii) permit
the creation of any lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of the Trust Estate
or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein, terminate the lien of this Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto
or deprive the Holder of any Note of the security provided by the lien of this Indenture; or

58

(viii) except
as provided in Section 5.04(a)(iv), liquidate the Receivables when the proceeds of such sale would be insufficient to fully
pay the Notes.

(b) The
Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate certifying as to whether or
not any Notes would be affected by any supplemental indenture and any such determination shall be conclusive upon the Holders of all
Notes, whether theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any such
determination made in good faith.

(c) It
shall not be necessary for any Act of Noteholders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental
indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

(d) Promptly
after the execution by the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Indenture
Trustee shall transmit to the Holders of the Notes to which such amendment or supplemental indenture relates a notice setting forth in
general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to transmit such notice, or any defect
therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

Section 9.03 Execution
of Supplemental Indentures. In executing, or permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by
this Article IX or the modification thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be provided with
and, subject to Sections 6.01 and 6.02, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution
of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent under this Indenture for
the execution of the supplemental indenture have been complied with. The Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter
into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Indenture Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this
Indenture or otherwise.

Section 9.04 Effect
of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall
be and shall be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith with respect to the Notes affected thereby, and the respective
rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and immunities under this Indenture of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuing
Entity and the Holders of the Notes shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such
modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of
the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 9.05 Conformity
with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment of this Indenture and every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX
shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect so long as this Indenture shall then be qualified under
the Trust Indenture Act.

59

Section 9.06 Reference
in Notes to Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant
to this Article IX may, and if required by the Indenture Trustee shall, bear a notation in form approved by the Indenture Trustee
as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee shall so determine, new
Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuing Entity, to any such supplemental indenture may
be prepared and executed by the Issuing Entity and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes.

Article X

Redemption
of Notes

Section 10.01 Redemption.
The outstanding Notes are subject to redemption in whole, but not in part, at the direction of the Servicer pursuant to Section 9.01(a) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, on any Payment Date on which the Servicer exercises its option to purchase the Owner Trust Estate pursuant
to said Section 9.01(a), for a purchase price equal to the Redemption Price; provided that the Issuing Entity has available funds
sufficient to pay the Redemption Price. The Servicer or the Issuing Entity shall furnish the Rating Agencies notice of such redemption.
If the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to this Section, the Servicer or the Issuing Entity shall furnish notice of such
election to the Indenture Trustee not later than the close of business on the first business day of the month in which the Redemption
Date occurs, and the Issuing Entity shall deposit by 10:00 A.M. New York City time on the Redemption Date with the Indenture
Trustee in the Note Distribution Account the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed, whereupon all such Notes shall be due and
payable on the Redemption Date upon the furnishing of a notice complying with Section 10.02 to each Holder of the Notes.

Section 10.02 Form of
Redemption Notice. Notice of redemption under Section 10.01 shall be given by the Indenture Trustee by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, by facsimile mailed or transmitted, by e-mail transmission or by transmission to the Clearing Agency not later than 10 days
prior to the applicable Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes, as of the close of business on the Record Date preceding the applicable
Redemption Date, at such Holders address, facsimile number or e-mail address appearing in the Note Register.

All notices of redemption shall
state:

(a) the
Redemption Date;

(b) the
Redemption Price;

(c) the
place where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price (which shall be the office or agency of the Issuing
Entity to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02); and

(d) applicable
CUSIP numbers.

Notice of redemption of the
Notes shall be given by the Indenture Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuing Entity. Failure to give notice of redemption,
or any defect therein, to any Holder of any Note shall not impair or affect the validity of the redemption of any other Note.

60

Section 10.03 Notes
Payable on Redemption Date. The Notes or portions thereof to be redeemed shall, following notice of redemption as required by Section 10.02,
on the Redemption Date become due and payable at the Redemption Price and (unless the Issuing Entity shall default in the payment of
the Redemption Price) no interest shall accrue on the Redemption Price for any period after the date to which accrued interest is calculated
for purposes of calculating the Redemption Price.

Article XI

Miscellaneous

Section 11.01 Compliance
Certificates and Opinions, etc.(a) Upon any application
or request by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Issuing Entity
shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee (i) an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided
for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with, (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion
of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with and (iii) (if required by the TIA) an Independent
Certificate from a firm of certified public accountants meeting the applicable requirements of this Section, except that, in the case
of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture,
no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion
with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(1) a
statement that each signatory of such certificate or opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition and the definitions
herein relating thereto;

(2) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based;

(3) a
statement that, in the opinion of each such signatory, such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable
such signatory to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(4) a
statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such signatory, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

(b) (i) Prior
to the deposit of any Collateral or other property or securities with the Indenture Trustee that is to be made the basis for the release
of any property or securities subject to the lien of this Indenture, the Issuing Entity shall, in addition to any obligation imposed
in Section 11.01(a) or elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate
certifying or stating the opinion of the person signing such certificate as to the fair value (within 90 days of such deposit) to the
Issuing Entity of the Collateral or other property or securities to be so deposited.

61

(ii) Whenever
the Issuing Entity is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of
any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (i) above, the Issuing Entity shall also deliver to the Indenture
Trustee an Independent Certificate as to the same matters, if the fair value to the Issuing Entity of the securities to be so deposited
and of all other such securities made the basis of any such withdrawal or release since the commencement of the then-current fiscal year
of the Issuing Entity, as set forth in the certificates delivered pursuant to clause (i) above and this clause (ii), is
10% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, but such a certificate need not be furnished with respect to any securities so deposited,
if the fair value thereof to the Issuing Entity as set forth in the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less
than one percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes.

(iii) Whenever
any property or securities are to be released from the lien of this Indenture, the Issuing Entity shall also furnish to the Indenture
Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each person signing such certificate as to the fair value
(within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities proposed to be released and stating that in the opinion of such person
the proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of the provisions hereof.

(iv) Whenever
the Issuing Entity is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of
any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (iii) above, the Issuing Entity shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee
an Independent Certificate as to the same matters if the fair value of the property or securities and of all other property, other than
property as contemplated by clause (v) below or securities released from the lien of this Indenture since the commencement
of the then-current calendar year, as set forth in the certificates required by clause (iii) above and this clause (iv),
equals 10% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, but such certificate need not be furnished in the case of any release of property
or securities if the fair value thereof as set forth in the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than one
percent of the then Outstanding Amount of the Notes.

(v) Notwithstanding
Section 2.10 or any other provision of this Section, the Issuing Entity may, without compliance with the requirements of
the other provisions of this Section, (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of Receivables and Financed Vehicles as
and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash payments out of the Note Distribution Account as
and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents, so long as the Issuing Entity shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee
every six months, commencing July 15, 2025 (except that if the 15th of any such month is not a Business Day, delivery shall be required
by the immediately following Business Day), an Officers Certificate of the Issuing Entity stating that all the dispositions of
Collateral described in clauses (A) or (B) above that occurred during the preceding six calendar months were in the ordinary
course of the Issuing Entitys business and that the proceeds thereof were applied in accordance with the Basic Documents.

62

Section 11.02 Form of
Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion
of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person,
or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some
matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters
in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion
of an Authorized Officer of the Issuing Entity may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of,
or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or
opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which such officers certificate or opinion is based are erroneous.
Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate
or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity or the Administrator,
stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuing Entity
or the Administrator, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or
representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required
to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under
this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

Whenever in this Indenture,
in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is provided that the Issuing Entity shall deliver
any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuing Entitys compliance with any term
hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the effective date of such
certificate or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent
to the right of the Issuing Entity to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing
shall not, however, be construed to affect the Indenture Trustees right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or
opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article VI.

63

Section 11.03 Acts
of Noteholders.

(a) Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholders in
person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise expressly provided such action shall become effective when
such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuing Entity.
Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act
of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing
any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.01) conclusive in favor of
the Indenture Trustee and the Issuing Entity, if made in the manner provided in this Section.

(b) The
fact and date of the execution by any person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner that the Indenture Trustee
deems sufficient.

(c) The
ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d) Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Notes shall bind the Holder of
every Note issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered
to be done by the Indenture Trustee or the Issuing Entity in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such
Note.

Section 11.04 Notices, etc.,
to Indenture Trustee, Issuing Entity and Rating Agencies. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or Act of Noteholders or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture shall be in writing and if such request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or act of Noteholders is to be made upon, given or furnished to or filed with:

(i) the
Indenture Trustee by any Noteholder or by the Issuing Entity shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished
or filed in writing (which may be made via e-mail transmission, pdf, facsimile or overnight delivery) to or with the Indenture Trustee
at its Corporate Trust Office, or

(ii) the
Issuing Entity by the Indenture Trustee or by any Noteholder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if in writing and mailed
first-class, postage prepaid to the Issuing Entity addressed to: World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, in care of the Owner Trustee
at its Corporate Trust Office, or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Indenture Trustee by the Issuing Entity
or the Administrator. The Issuing Entity shall promptly transmit any notice received by it from the Noteholders to the Indenture Trustee.

Notices required to be given
to the Rating Agencies shall be given to the Depositor, which shall promptly post such notice to the website maintained by the Depositor
for notifications to nationally recognized statistical rating organizations.

64

In addition to the foregoing,
the Indenture Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by e-mail, facsimile
transmission or other similar electronic methods. If a party elects to give the Indenture Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or
instructions by a similar electronic method), the Indenture Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be determined in
accordance with Section 6.01(b)(ii). The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising
directly or indirectly from the Indenture Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions
conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction; provided, that the Indenture Trustee will not be relieved
from liability for its own bad faith, negligence or willful misconduct. Except as provided above in this paragraph, the party providing
electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions
to the Indenture Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Indenture Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

The Issuing Entitys
obligation to deliver or provide any demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction to any Person other than a Noteholder shall
be satisfied by the Issuing Entity making such demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction available at https://via.intralinks.com/,
or such other website or distribution service or provider as the Issuing Entity shall designate by written notice to the other parties.

The Indenture Trustee shall
promptly transmit any notice received by it from the Noteholders or Note Owners to the Issuing Entity, the Administrator and the Servicer
and, if such notice is a Repurchase Request, to World Omni.

Section 11.05 Notices
to Noteholders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given
(unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if by electronic transmission in writing and mailed, first-class, postage prepaid to each
Noteholder affected by such event, at such Holders address as it appears on the Note Register, not later than the latest date,
and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Noteholders is given by
mail, neither the failure to mail such notice nor any defect in any notice so mailed to any particular Noteholder shall affect the sufficiency
of such notice with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall conclusively be presumed
to have been duly given.

Where this Indenture provides
for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after
the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Indenture
Trustee but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such a waiver.

In case, by reason of the suspension
of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any
event to Noteholders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving
such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

65

Where this Indenture provides
for notice to the Rating Agencies, failure to give such notice shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder, and
shall not under any circumstance constitute a Default or Event of Default.

If the Indenture Trustee receives
a Repurchase Request from a Noteholder or Note Owner and World Omni does not repurchase the Receivable related to such Repurchase Request
within 180 days of the receipt of such Repurchase Request, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the direction of the Administrator, deliver
a notice to the related Noteholder or Note Owner indicating that the repurchase request is unresolved.

Section 11.06 Alternate
Payment and Notice Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Indenture or any of the Notes to the contrary, the Issuing Entity
may enter into any agreement with any Holder of a Note providing for a method of payment, or notice by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying
Agent to such Holder, that is different from the methods provided for in this Indenture for such payments or notices. The Issuing Entity
will furnish to the Indenture Trustee a copy of each such agreement and the Indenture Trustee will cause payments to be made and notices
to be given in accordance with such agreements.

Section 11.07 Conflict
with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to
be included in this Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.

The provisions of TIA 310
through 317 that impose duties on any person (including the provisions automatically deemed included herein unless expressly excluded
by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture, whether or not physically contained herein.

Section 11.08 Effect
of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

Section 11.09 Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuing Entity shall bind its successors and assigns,
whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Indenture Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors, co-trustees and agents.

Section 11.10 Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 11.11 Benefits
of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto
and their successors hereunder, and the Noteholders and any other party secured hereunder, and any other Person with an ownership interest
in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. The Asset Representations
Reviewer shall be a third-party beneficiary to this Indenture, but only to the extent that it has any rights specified herein.

66

Section 11.12 Legal
Holidays. In any case where the date on which any payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision
of the Notes or this Indenture) payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same
force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due, and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal
date.

Section 11.13 GOVERNING
LAW; JURISDICTION. THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY
OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO, EACH NOTEHOLDER BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF A NOTE, AND EACH NOTE OWNER BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
OF AN INTEREST IN THE APPLICABLE BOOK-ENTRY NOTE OR DEFINITIVE NOTE, HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE
GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, THE COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
NEW YORK AND THE APPELLATE COURTS OF ANY THEREOF FOR PURPOSES OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT,
THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Section 11.14 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to
be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Each of the parties agree that this
Indenture and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically signed, that any digital or electronic
signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider)
appearing on this Indenture or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability
and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Indenture and such other documents
may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission; provided, however, that (i) any documentation with respect to
transfer of the Notes or other securities presented to the Indenture Trustee or any transfer agent must contain original documents with
manually executed signatures and (ii) upon the request of the Indenture Trustee, any electronic signature delivered pursuant to
this Section 11.14 shall be followed with a manually executed, original counterpart within a reasonable period of time following
such request, to the extent such manually executed, original counterpart shall be required by applicable law or a regulatory body having
supervisory authority over the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for, and shall be indemnified and held harmless
pursuant to Section 6.07 of this Indenture against any loss, liability or expense arising out of the use of electronic or digital
signatures and electronic methods of submission with respect to this Agreement, the Basic Documents and any documents or notices delivered
to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Agreement or the related documents, including the risk of the Indenture Trustee acting on any
unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 11.15 Recording
of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be effected
by the Issuing Entity and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such recording is necessary either for
the protection of the Noteholders or any other Person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the
Indenture Trustee under this Indenture.

67

Section 11.16 Trust
Obligation. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (a) this Indenture is executed and delivered by
the Trustee Bank, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and
vested in it under the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of
the Issuing Entity is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by the Trustee Bank, but is made
and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuing Entity, (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any
liability on the Trustee Bank, individually or personally, to perform any covenant of the Issuing Entity, either expressed or implied,
contained herein, all such liability of the Trustee Bank in its individual or personal capacity, if any, being expressly waived by the
parties hereto and by any person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (d) the Trustee Bank has made no investigation
into the accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuing Entity in this Indenture, and (e) under
no circumstances shall the Trustee Bank be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuing Entity under
this Indenture or any other related documents.

No recourse may be taken, directly
or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under
this Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee
or the Owner Trustee in their individual capacities, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity or (iii) any
partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or
assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed
(it being understood that the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except
that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration
for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

In the event that a Noteholder
(other than WOAR) is deemed, under applicable law by any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction, to have an interest in any
assets of WOAR or any Affiliate of WOAR other than the beneficial interest in Trust (other assets), the parties to this
Indenture and the Noteholders acknowledge and agree that: (i) such Noteholders Note represents a claim of the Noteholder
against the assets of the Trust and the Trust Estate only, (ii) any such Noteholders claim against any other assets shall
be, and hereby is, subject and subordinate in all respects to the rights of other Persons to whom rights in the other assets have been
expressly granted (entitled Persons), including to the payment in full of all amounts owing to such entitled Persons, and
(iii) the covenant set forth in the preceding clause (ii) constitutes a subordination agreement within the meaning
of, and subject to, Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

68

Section 11.17 No
Petition. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder, by accepting a Note, hereby covenant and agree
that they will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor
or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings
under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, this Indenture
or any of the Basic Documents.

Section 11.18 Inspection.
The Issuing Entity agrees that, on reasonable prior notice, it will permit any representative of the Indenture Trustee, during the Issuing
Entitys normal business hours, to examine all the books of account, records, reports and other papers of the Issuing Entity, to
make copies and extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by Independent certified public accountants, and to discuss the
Issuing Entitys affairs, finances and accounts with the Issuing Entitys officers, employees and Independent certified public
accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested. The Indenture Trustee shall, and shall cause its
representatives to, hold in confidence all such information except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all reasonable
applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to the extent that the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine
that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations hereunder.

Section 11.19 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE ISSUING ENTITY AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR
THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Article XII

COMPLIANCE
WITH REGULATION AB

Section 12.01 Intent
of the Parties; Reasonableness. The Depositor and the Indenture Trustee acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Article XII
is to facilitate compliance by the Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and related rules and regulations of the Commission.
The Depositor shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than
in good faith, or for purposes other than the Depositors compliance with the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of disclosure comparable to that required
under the Securities Act). The Indenture Trustee agrees to cooperate in good faith with any reasonable request by the Depositor for information
regarding the Indenture Trustee which is required in order to enable the Depositor to comply with the provisions of Items 1109(a), 1109(b),
1117, 1119 and 1122 of Regulation AB as it relates to the Indenture Trustee or to the Indenture Trustees obligations under this
Indenture or any indenture supplement.

69

Section 12.02 Additional
Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to represent to the Depositor, as
of the date on which information is provided to The Depository Trust Company under Section 6.06 that, except as disclosed in writing
to the Depositor prior to such date to the best of its knowledge, but without independent investigation: (i) neither the execution,
delivery and performance by the Indenture Trustee of this Indenture or any indenture supplement, the performance by the Indenture Trustee
of its obligations under this Indenture or any indenture supplement nor the consummation of any of the transactions by the Indenture
Trustee contemplated thereby, is in violation of any indenture, mortgage, bank credit agreement, note or bond purchase agreement, long-term
lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Indenture Trustee is a party or by which it is bound, which violation would
have a material adverse effect on the Indenture Trustees ability to perform its obligations under this Indenture or any indenture
supplement, or of any judgment or order applicable to the Indenture Trustee; and (ii) there are no proceedings pending or known
to be threatened against the Indenture Trustee in any court or before any governmental authority, agency or arbitration board or tribunal
which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the right, power and authority of the Indenture Trustee
to enter into this Indenture or any indenture supplement or to perform its obligations under this Indenture or any indenture supplement.

Section 12.03 Information
to Be Provided by the Indenture Trustee. For so long as the Issuing Entity is required to report under the Exchange Act, the Indenture
Trustee shall (i) on or before the fifth Business Day of each month, provide to the Depositor, in writing, such information regarding
the Indenture Trustee as is requested by the Depositor (if any) for the purpose of compliance with Item 1117 of Regulation AB; provided,
however, that the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to provide such information in the event that there has been no change to the
information previously provided by the Indenture Trustee to the Depositor, and (ii) as promptly as practicable following notice
to or actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee of any changes to such information, provide to the Depositor,
in writing, such updated information.

For so long as the Issuing
Entity is required to report under the Exchange Act, the Indenture Trustee shall (i) on or before the fifth Business Day of each
January, April, July and October, provide to the Depositor such information regarding the Indenture Trustee as is requested for
the purpose of compliance with Items 1109(a), 1109(b) and 1119 of Regulation AB; provided, however, that the Indenture
Trustee shall not be required to provide such information in the event that there has been no change to the information previously provided
by the Indenture Trustee to the Depositor, and (ii) as promptly as practicable following notice to or actual knowledge by the Indenture
Trustee of any changes to such information, provide to the Depositor, in writing, updated information necessary for compliance with Item
1119 of Regulation AB. Such information shall include, at a minimum:

(a) the
Indenture Trustees name and form of organization;

(b) a
description of the extent to which the Indenture Trustee has had prior experience serving as trustee for asset-backed securities transactions
involving receivables of the same type as the Receivables;

70

(c) a
description of any affiliation between the Indenture Trustee and any of the following parties to a Securitization Transaction, as such
parties are identified to the Indenture Trustee by the Depositor in writing in advance of such Securitization Transaction:

(i) the
sponsor;

(ii) any
depositor;

(iii) the
issuing entity;

(iv) any
servicer;

(v) any
trustee;

(vi) any
originator;

(vii) any
significant obligor;

(viii) any
enhancement or support provider, including any swap counterparty;

(ix) any
asset representations reviewer; and

(x) any
other material transaction party.

In connection with the above-listed
parties, a description of whether there is, and if so the general character of, any business relationship, agreement, arrangement, transaction
or understanding that is entered into outside the ordinary course of business or is on terms other than would be obtained in an arms
length transaction with an unrelated third party, apart from the asset-backed securities transaction, that currently exists or that existed
during the past two years and that is material to an investors understanding of the asset-backed securities.

Section 12.04 Regulation
AB Reports by Indenture Trustee. For so long as the Issuing Entity is required to report under the Exchange Act, the Indenture Trustee
will, on or before March 1 of each year, beginning March 1, 2026:

(i) deliver
to the Depositor a report regarding the Indenture Trustees assessment of compliance with the Servicing Criteria specified in Exhibit D
during the immediately preceding calendar year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance identified by the
Indenture Trustee (provided, that to the extent the Indenture Trustee identifies any material instance of non-compliance, the
Indenture Trustee shall disclose (whether in such report or separately) to the Depositor whether such material instance of non-compliance
relates to the Receivables or the Notes and whether and to what extent the Indenture Trustee has instituted steps to remediate such material
instance of non-compliance), as required under paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-18, Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item
1122 of Regulation AB. Such report shall be signed by an authorized officer of the Indenture Trustee, and shall address each of the Servicing
Criteria specified in Exhibit D or such criteria as mutually agreed upon by the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee.

71

(ii) deliver
to the Depositor a report of a registered public accounting firm that attests to, and reports on, the assessment of compliance made by
the Indenture Trustee and delivered pursuant to the preceding paragraph. Such attestation shall be in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and
2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

(iii) deliver
to the Depositor and any other Person that will be responsible for signing the certification (a Sarbanes Certification)
required by Rules 13a-14(d) and 15d-14(d) under the Exchange Act (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002) on behalf of the Issuing Entity or the Depositor substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E or such
form as mutually agreed upon by the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee.

72

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Account Bank have caused this Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto
duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A,

By: WILMINGTON
TRUST, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Bruce C. Wandersee

Name: Bruce C. Wandersee

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Christopher
J. Nuxoll

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Account Bank

By: /s/ Christopher
J. Nuxoll

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll

Title: Vice President

SCHEDULE A

Schedule of Receivables

Provided to the Indenture Trustee and Owner Trustee
on the Closing Date

Sch. A

EXHIBIT A-1

[FORM OF CLASS A-1 NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON
IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS
AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE
HEREOF.

REGISTERED $____________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: ______

ISIN No.:______

CINS No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS A-1 4.411% ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuing
Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________
DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a fraction the numerator of which
is $_____ and the denominator of which is $241,400,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note Distribution
Account in respect of principal on the Class A-1 Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture dated as of January 29,
2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee
(the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided, however, that
the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the February 2026 Payment Date (the Class A-1
Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein are defined in Article I of the Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction
that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. A-1-1

BY ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT
THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS
OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY
ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY
ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY
SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The Issuing Entity will pay
interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available
for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal
made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01 of the
Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the most recent Payment Date on which interest
has been paid (in the case of the initial Payment Date, from the Closing Date) to but excluding such current Payment Date. Interest will
be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360. Such principal of and interest on
this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment
of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due
and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this
Note.

Unless the certificate of authentication
hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any
benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. A-1-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing
Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as of the date set forth below.

Date: WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated
above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-1-3

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class A-1 4.411% Asset-Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-1
Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made
for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the
Notes. The Class A-1 Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (collectively,
the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided
in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions set forth therein.

Principal of the Class A-1
Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class A-1 Notes have not been paid in full prior to the Class A-1 Final
Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face hereof. Payment
Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.
The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As described above, the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing not less than at least a majority of the Outstanding
Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02
of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-1 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-1 Noteholders entitled
thereto.

Payments of interest on this
Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this
Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this Note (or one or more
Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered
on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will
be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed or wire transfers
shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as
of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount
of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all future
Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid
principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuing Entity, will
notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice mailed or transmitted
prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at
the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent appointed for
such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. A-1-4

The Issuing Entity shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-1 Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture
and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuing Entity pursuant to
the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in
the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program
as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will
be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange
of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be
taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the
Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee
or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity or (iii) any
partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity,
any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or assign of
the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed and except
that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration
for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees by accepting the benefits
of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity,
or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations
relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The Issuing Entity has entered
into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note Owner, by its acceptance
of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect solely to Notes owned
by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, as indebtedness.

Ex. A-1-5

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees by accepting the benefits
of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments on the Notes on behalf
of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any applicable attachments)
or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any taxes they may be required
to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial interest therein,
in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or times required by
law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request, and shall update
or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder or Note Owner will
provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer to a new Noteholder
or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall be properly completed
and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable under law and
without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding
sentence.

Prior to the due presentment
for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing Entity or the Indenture
Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in
the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none of the Issuing Entity,
the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with
certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuing Entity
and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent of the Holders of Notes
representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting
the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, on behalf of the Holders
of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under
the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall
be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture
also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders
of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. A-1-6

The term Issuing
Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The Issuing Entity is permitted
by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders
of Notes under the Indenture.

The Notes are issuable only
in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

This Note and the Indenture
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and
the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

No reference herein to the
Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing Entity, which is absolute
and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed.

Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its individual
capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity,
or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally
liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this Note or performance of, or
omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The Holder of this Note by its
acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture,
the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however,
that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuing Entity for any
and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. A-1-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying
number of assignee:

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto:

(name and address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and
hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________, attorney, transfer said Note
on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: * 

Signature Guaranteed: 

* 

* NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the
within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in
STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution
for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

EXHIBIT A-2a

[FORM OF CLASS A-2a NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON
IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS
AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE
HEREOF.

REGISTERED $____________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: ______

ISIN No.:______

CINS No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS A-2a 4.49% ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuing
Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________
DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a fraction the numerator of which
is $______ and the denominator of which is $309,760,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note Distribution
Account in respect of principal on the Class A-2a Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture dated as of January 29,
2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee
(the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided, however, that
the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the April 2028 Payment Date (the Class A-2
Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture. Principal
payable with respect to the Class A-2 Notes shall be made pro rata between the Class A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes.
Generally, no payments of principal of the Class A-2 Notes shall be made until the Class A-1 Notes have been paid in full.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are defined in Article I of the Indenture, which also contains rules as
to construction that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. A-2a-1

BY ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT
THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS
OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY
ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY
ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY
SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS
NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The Issuing Entity will pay
interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available
for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal
made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01 of the
Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar month (or,
for the initial interest accrual period, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 15th day of the current calendar month.
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be
paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment
of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due
and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this
Note.

Unless the certificate of authentication
hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any
benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. A-2a-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing
Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as of the date set forth below.

Date: WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated
above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-2a-3

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class A-2a 4.49% Asset-Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-2a
Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made
for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the
Notes. The Class A-2a Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (collectively,
the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided
in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal of the Class A-2a
Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class A-2a Notes have not been paid in full prior to the Class A-2 Final
Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face hereof. Payment
Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.
The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As described above, the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount
of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02
of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-2a Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-2a Noteholders entitled
thereto.

Payments of interest on this
Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this
Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this Note (or one or more
Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered
on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will
be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed or wire transfers
shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as
of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount
of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all future
Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid
principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuing Entity, will
notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice mailed or transmitted
prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at
the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent appointed for
such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. A-2a-4

The Issuing Entity shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-2a Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture
and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuing Entity pursuant to
the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in
the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program
as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will
be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange
of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be
taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the
Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee
or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity or (iii) any
partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity,
any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or assign of
the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed and except
that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration
for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees by accepting the benefits
of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity,
or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations
relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The Issuing Entity has entered
into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note Owner, by its acceptance
of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect solely to Notes owned
by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, as indebtedness.

Ex. A-2a-5

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees by accepting the benefits
of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments on the Notes on behalf
of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any applicable attachments)
or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any taxes they may be required
to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial interest therein,
in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or times required by
law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request, and shall update
or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder or Note Owner will
provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer to a new Noteholder
or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall be properly completed
and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable under law and
without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding
sentence.

Prior to the due presentment
for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing Entity or the Indenture
Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in
the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none of the Issuing Entity,
the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with
certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuing Entity
and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent of the Holders of Notes
representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting
the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities, on behalf of the Holders
of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under
the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall
be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture
also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders
of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. A-2a-6

The term Issuing
Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The Issuing Entity is permitted
by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders
of Notes under the Indenture.

The Notes are issuable only
in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

This Note and the Indenture
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and
the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

No reference herein to the
Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing Entity, which is absolute
and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed.

Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its individual
capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity,
or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally
liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this Note or performance of, or
omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The Holder of this Note by its
acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture,
the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however,
that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuing Entity for any
and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. A-2a-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying
number of assignee:

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto:

(name and address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and
hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________, attorney, transfer said Note
on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: * 

Signature Guaranteed: 

* NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the
within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in
STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution
for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

EXHIBIT A-2b

[FORM OF CLASS A-2b
NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE
ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF
THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

REGISTERED $________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: _____

ISIN
No.: _____

CINS
No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS A-2b
SOFR RATE PLUS 0.33% ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred
to as the Issuing Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns,
the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is $______ and the denominator of which is $110,000,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable
from the Note Distribution Account in respect of principal on the Class A-2b Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture
dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided,
however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the April 2028 Payment
Date (the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01
of the Indenture. Principal payable with respect to the Class A-2 Notes shall be made pro rata between the Class A-2a Notes
and the Class A-2b Notes. Generally, no payments of principal of the Class A-2 Notes shall be made until the Class A-1
Notes have been paid in full. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are defined in Article I of the Indenture, which
also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. A-2b-1

BY
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED
TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF
OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION
UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The
Issuing Entity will pay interest on this Note at [the rate per annum shown above (provided, that for any Interest Accrual Period for
which the sum of the SOFR Rate plus 0.33% is less than 0.00%, the interest rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%)][a rate based on the Benchmark
determined under the terms of the Indenture, equal to the Benchmark plus [ ]% (but not less than 0.00%)] on each Payment Date until the
principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment
Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained
in the last sentence of Section 3.01 of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including
the most recent Payment Date on which the interest has been paid (in the case of the initial Payment Date, from the Closing Date) to
but excluding such current Payment Date. Interest will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual
Period divided by 360. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied
first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference
is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note.

Unless
the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. A-2b-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as
of the date set forth below.

Date: _________________ WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above
and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: _________________ U.S. BANK
TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-2b-3

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class A-2b SOFR Rate plus 0.33% Asset-Backed
Notes (herein called the Class A-2b Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures
supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity,
the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Class A-2b Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes (collectively, the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security
therefor as provided in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal
of the Class A-2b Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class A-2b Notes have not been paid in full prior
to the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the
face hereof. Payment Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
following Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As
described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class A-2 Final Scheduled Payment
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02 of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-2b Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-2b
Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments
of interest on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not
in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect
to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed
or wire transfers shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the
Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in
the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the
Issuing Entity, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice
mailed or transmitted prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of this Note at the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. A-2b-4

The
Issuing Entity shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-2b Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may
be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the
Issuing Entity pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same
aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration
of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against
(i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing
Entity or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee
in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or
of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have
expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World
Omni or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law
in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The
Issuing Entity has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income
and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note
Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect
solely to Notes owned by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
as indebtedness.

Ex. A-2b-5

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments
on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any
applicable attachments) or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any
taxes they may be required to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial
interest therein, in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or
times required by law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request,
and shall update or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner will provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer
to a new Noteholder or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall
be properly completed and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable
under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of
the preceding sentence.

Prior
to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date
as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none
of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The
Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuing Entity and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent
of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor
Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the
consent of Holders of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. A-2b-6

The
term Issuing Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The
Issuing Entity is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of Notes under the Indenture.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This
Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance
with such laws.

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing
Entity, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the
coin or currency herein prescribed.

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, in its individual capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity, or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors
or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this
Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The
Holder of this Note by its acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event
of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets
of the Issuing Entity for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. A-2b-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security
or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

_________________________________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

_________________________________________________

(name
and address of assignee)

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ___________________________________________________________,
attorney, transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_____________________ _____________________________________*

Signature Guaranteed: 

* NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor
institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. A-2b-8

EXHIBIT A-3

[FORM OF CLASS A-3
NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE
ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF
THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

REGISTERED $________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: _____

ISIN
No.: _____

CINS
No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS A-3 4.73%
ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred
to as the Issuing Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns,
the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is $________ and the denominator of which is $419,760,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any,
payable from the Note Distribution Account in respect of principal on the Class A-3 Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of
the Indenture dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account
bank; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of
the March 2030 Payment Date (the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any,
pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture. Generally, no payments of principal of the Class A-3 Notes shall be made
until the Class A-1 and Class A-2 Notes have been paid in full. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are defined in
Article I of the Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. A-3-1

BY
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED
TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF
OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION
UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The
Issuing Entity will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note
is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect
to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01
of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar
month (or, for the initial interest accrual period, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 15th day of the current
calendar month. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this
Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied
first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference
is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note.

Unless
the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. A-3-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as
of the date set forth below.

Date: _________________ WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above
and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: _________________ U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-3-3

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class A-3 4.73% Asset-Backed Notes (herein
called the Class A-3 Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Class A-3 Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes (collectively, the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security
therefor as provided in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal
of the Class A-3 Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class A-3 Notes have not been paid in full prior to
the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face
hereof. Payment Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
following Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As
described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02 of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-3 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-3
Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments
of interest on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not
in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect
to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed
or wire transfers shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the
Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in
the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the
Issuing Entity, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice
mailed or transmitted prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of this Note at the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. A-3-4

The
Issuing Entity shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-3 Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may
be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the
Issuing Entity pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same
aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration
of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against
(i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing
Entity or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee
in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or
of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have
expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World
Omni or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law
in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The
Issuing Entity has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income
and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note
Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect
solely to Notes owned by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
as indebtedness.

Ex. A-3-5

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments
on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any
applicable attachments) or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any
taxes they may be required to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial
interest therein, in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or
times required by law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request,
and shall update or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner will provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer
to a new Noteholder or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall
be properly completed and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable
under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of
the preceding sentence.

Prior
to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date
as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none
of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The
Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuing Entity and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent
of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor
Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the
consent of Holders of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. A-3-6

The
term Issuing Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The
Issuing Entity is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of Notes under the Indenture.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This
Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance
with such laws.

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing
Entity, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the
coin or currency herein prescribed.

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, in its individual capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity, or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors
or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this
Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The
Holder of this Note by its acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event
of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets
of the Issuing Entity for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. A-3-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security
or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

_________________________________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

_________________________________________________

(name
and address of assignee)

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________,
attorney, transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_____________________ _____________________________________*

Signature Guaranteed: 

*

* NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor
institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. A-3-8

EXHIBIT A-4

[FORM OF CLASS A-4
NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE
ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF
THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

REGISTERED $________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: _____

ISIN
No.: _____

CINS
No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS A-4 4.86%
ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred
to as the Issuing Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns,
the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is $________ and the denominator of which is $89,300,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable
from the Note Distribution Account in respect of principal on the Class A-4 Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture
dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided,
however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the November 2030
Payment Date (the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01
of the Indenture. Generally, no payments of principal of the Class A-4 Notes shall be made until the Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2
Notes and Class A-3 Notes have been paid in full. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are defined in Article I
of the Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. A-4-1

BY
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED
TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF
OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION
UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The
Issuing Entity will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note
is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect
to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01
of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar
month (or, for the initial interest accrual period, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 15th day of the current
calendar month. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this
Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied
first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference
is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note.

Unless
the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. A-4-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as
of the date set forth below.

Date: _________________ WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above
and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: _________________ U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-4-3

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class A-4 4.86% Asset-Backed Notes (herein
called the Class A-4 Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Class A-4 Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes (collectively, the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security
therefor as provided in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal
of the Class A-4 Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class A-4 Notes have not been paid in full prior to
the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face
hereof. Payment Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
following Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As
described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02 of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-4 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-4
Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments
of interest on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not
in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect
to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed
or wire transfers shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the
Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in
the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the
Issuing Entity, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice
mailed or transmitted prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of this Note at the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. A-4-4

The
Issuing Entity shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-4 Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may
be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the
Issuing Entity pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same
aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration
of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against
(i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing
Entity or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee
in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or
of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have
expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World
Omni or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law
in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The
Issuing Entity has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income
and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note
Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect
solely to Notes owned by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
as indebtedness.

Ex. A-4-5

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments
on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any
applicable attachments) or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any
taxes they may be required to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial
interest therein, in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or
times required by law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request,
and shall update or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner will provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer
to a new Noteholder or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall
be properly completed and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable
under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of
the preceding sentence.

Prior
to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date
as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none
of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The
Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuing Entity and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent
of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor
Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the
consent of Holders of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. A-4-6

The
term Issuing Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The
Issuing Entity is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of Notes under the Indenture.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This
Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance
with such laws.

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing
Entity, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the
coin or currency herein prescribed.

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, in its individual capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity, or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors
or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this
Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The
Holder of this Note by its acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event
of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets
of the Issuing Entity for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. A-4-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security
or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

_________________________________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

_________________________________________________

(name and address
of assignee)

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________,
attorney, transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_____________________ _____________________________________*

Signature Guaranteed: 

*

* NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor
institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. A-4-8

EXHIBIT B

[FORM OF CLASS B
NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE
ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF
THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

REGISTERED $________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: _____

ISIN
No.: _____

CINS
No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS B 5.08%
ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred
to as the Issuing Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns,
the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is $________ and the denominator of which is $36,760,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable
from the Note Distribution Account in respect of principal on the Class B Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture
dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided,
however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the November 2030
Payment Date (the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01
of the Indenture. Generally, no payments of principal of the Class B Notes shall be made until the Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2
Notes, Class A-3 Notes and Class A-4 Notes have been paid in full. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are defined
in Article I of the Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable herein.

Ex. B-1

BY
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED
TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF
OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION
UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The
Issuing Entity will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note
is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect
to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01
of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar
month (or, for the initial interest accrual period, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 15th day of the current
calendar month. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this
Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied
first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference
is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note.

Unless
the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. B-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as
of the date set forth below.

Date: _________________ WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above
and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: _________________ U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. B-3

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class B 5.08% Asset-Backed Notes (herein
called the Class B Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Class B Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes (collectively, the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security
therefor as provided in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal
of the Class B Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class B Notes have not been paid in full prior to the
Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class B Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face hereof.
Payment Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following
Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As
described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class B Final Scheduled Payment
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02 of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class B Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class B
Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments
of interest on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not
in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect
to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed
or wire transfers shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the
Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in
the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the
Issuing Entity, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice
mailed or transmitted prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of this Note at the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. B-4

The
Issuing Entity shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class B Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may
be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the
Issuing Entity pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same
aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration
of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against
(i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing
Entity or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee
in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or
of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have
expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World
Omni or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law
in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The
Issuing Entity has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income
and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note
Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect
solely to Notes owned by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
as indebtedness.

Ex. B-5

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments
on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any
applicable attachments) or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any
taxes they may be required to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial
interest therein, in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or
times required by law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request,
and shall update or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner will provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer
to a new Noteholder or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall
be properly completed and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable
under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of
the preceding sentence.

Prior
to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date
as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none
of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The
Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuing Entity and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent
of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor
Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the
consent of Holders of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. B-6

The
term Issuing Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The
Issuing Entity is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of Notes under the Indenture.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This
Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance
with such laws.

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing
Entity, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the
coin or currency herein prescribed.

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, in its individual capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity, or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors
or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this
Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The
Holder of this Note by its acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event
of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets
of the Issuing Entity for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. B-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security
or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

_________________________________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

_________________________________________________

(name and address
of assignee)

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________,
attorney, transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_____________________ _____________________________________*

Signature Guaranteed: 

*

* NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor
institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. B-8

EXHIBIT C

[FORM OF CLASS C
NOTE]

UNLESS THIS NOTE
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE
ISSUING ENTITY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF
THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

REGISTERED $________

No.: ___ CUSIP
No.: _____

ISIN
No.: _____

CINS
No.: 

WORLD OMNI AUTO
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

CLASS C 5.17%
ASSET-BACKED NOTES

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred
to as the Issuing Entity), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns,
the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is $________ and the denominator of which is $18,380,000 by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable
from the Note Distribution Account in respect of principal on the Class C Notes pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Indenture
dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank; provided,
however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the October 2031
Payment Date (the Class C Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.01
of the Indenture. Generally, no payments of principal of the Class C Notes shall be made until the Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2
Notes, Class A-3 Notes, Class A-4 Notes and Class B Notes have been paid in full. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein are defined in Article I of the Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable
herein.

Ex. C-1

BY
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SUCH NOTE WILL BE DEEMED
TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) ON BEHALF
OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF (i) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A PLAN DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE, (iii) ANY ENTITY OR ACCOUNT DEEMED TO HOLD ASSETS OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) ANY PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO ANY LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW) OR (2) ITS
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION
UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW.

The
Issuing Entity will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note
is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect
to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), subject to certain limitations contained in the last sentence of Section 3.01
of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including the 15th day of the preceding calendar
month (or, for the initial interest accrual period, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 15th day of the current
calendar month. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this
Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuing Entity with respect to this Note shall be applied
first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference
is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note.

Unless
the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

Ex. C-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing Entity has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer, as
of the date set forth below.

Date:
_________________ WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above
and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: _________________ U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. C-3

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuing Entity, designated as its Class C 5.17% Asset-Backed Notes (herein
called the Class C Notes), all issued under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Class C Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes (collectively, the Notes) are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security
therefor as provided in the Indenture and subject to the subordination provisions therein.

Principal
of the Class C Notes will be payable on each Payment Date and, if the Class C Notes have not been paid in full prior to the
Class C Final Scheduled Payment Date, on the Class C Final Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount described on the face hereof.
Payment Date means the fifteenth day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following
Business Day. The initial Payment Date will be February 18, 2025.

As
described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Class C Final Scheduled Payment
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided
in Section 5.02 of the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class C Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class C
Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments
of interest on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent not
in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check or wire transfer to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with respect
to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks mailed
or wire transfers shall be made to the Person entitled thereto to the address or designated account of such Person as it appears on the
Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in
the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding
upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the
Issuing Entity, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice
mailed or transmitted prior to such Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of this Note at the Indenture Trustees principal Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in the City of St. Paul, Minnesota.

Ex. C-4

The
Issuing Entity shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class C Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may
be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the
Issuing Entity pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature
guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same
aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration
of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against
(i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuing
Entity or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee
in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or
of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have
expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor, World
Omni or the Issuing Entity, or join in any institution against the Depositor, World Omni or the Issuing Entity of, any involuntary bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law
in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

The
Issuing Entity has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for U.S. federal, state and local income
and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will be characterized as indebtedness. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, and each Note
Owner, by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note or Definitive Note, other than, in either case (and with respect
solely to Notes owned by it), a Noteholder or Note Owner that is an entity whose separate existence from the Issuing Entity is disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, agrees to treat the Notes for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
as indebtedness.

Ex. C-5

Each
Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees
by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder or Note Owner shall provide to the Person from whom it receives payments
on the Notes on behalf of the Issuing Entity, (1) any applicable IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (with any
applicable attachments) or applicable successor form and (2) any documentation that is required under FATCA to enable the Issuing
Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any other agent of the Issuing Entity to determine their duties and liabilities with respect to any
taxes they may be required to withhold in respect of such Note or the Noteholder of such Note or, in the case of the Note Owner, a beneficial
interest therein, in each case, prior to the first Payment Date after such Noteholders acquisition of Notes and at such time or
times required by law or that the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Issuing Entity or their respective agents may reasonably request,
and shall update or replace such IRS form or documentation in accordance with its terms or its subsequent amendments. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner will provide the applicable replacement IRS form or documentation every three (3) years (or sooner if there is a transfer
to a new Noteholder or Note Owner or if required by applicable law). In each case above, the applicable IRS form or documentation shall
be properly completed and signed under penalty of perjury. The Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold any amounts (properly withholdable
under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder or Note Owner that fails to comply with the requirements of
the preceding sentence.

Prior
to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date
as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none
of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The
Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuing Entity and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuing Entity with the consent
of the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Holders of Notes representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities,
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuing Entity with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor
Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.
The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the
consent of Holders of the Notes issued thereunder.

Ex. C-6

The
term Issuing Entity as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuing Entity under the Indenture.

The
Issuing Entity is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders of Notes under the Indenture.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This
Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance
with such laws.

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuing
Entity, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the
coin or currency herein prescribed.

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, in its individual capacity, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuing Entity, or any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors
or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on this
Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in the Indenture. The
Holder of this Note by its acceptance hereof agrees that, except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event
of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom;
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets
of the Issuing Entity for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note.

Ex. C-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security
or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

_________________________________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

_________________________________________________

(name
and address of assignee)

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________________________________________________,
attorney, transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_____________________ _____________________________________*

Signature Guaranteed: 

*

* NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor
institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for,
STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ex. C-8

EXHIBIT D

SERVICING CRITERIA
FOR INDENTURE TRUSTEES ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE

The assessment
of compliance to be delivered by the Indenture Trustee shall address, at a minimum, the criteria identified below as Applicable
Servicing Criteria:

Reference Servicing
Criteria 

Applicable

Servicing
Criteria

General
Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) Policies
and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction
agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(ii) If
any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys
performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

1122(d)(1)(iii) Any
requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the credit card accounts or accounts are maintained. 

1122(d)(1)(iv) A
fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting
period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(v) 

Aggregation
of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the

information
conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

Cash
Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) Payments
on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business
days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements
made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. Indenture
Trustee

1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances
of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances,
are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(iv) The
related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are
separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. Indenture
Trustee

1122(d)(2)(v) Each
custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For
purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution
means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. Indenture
Trustee

Ex. D-1

Reference Servicing
Criteria 

Applicable

Servicing
Criteria

1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued
checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations
are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank
clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days
after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and
approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These
reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in
the transaction agreements. 

Investor
Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) Reports
to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable
Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms
set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction
agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors
or the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of credit card accounts serviced by the Servicer. 

1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts
due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the
transaction agreements. Indenture
Trustee

1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements
made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified
in the transaction agreements. Indenture
Trustee

1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts
remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. Indenture
Trustee

Pool
Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral
or security on credit card accounts is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related asset pool documents. 

1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool
assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements 

1122(d)(4)(iii) Any
additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements
in the transaction agreements. 

Ex. D-2

Reference Servicing
Criteria 

Applicable

Servicing
Criteria

1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments
on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool assets documents are posted to the Servicers
obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related asset pool documents. 

1122(d)(4)(v) The
Servicers records regarding the accounts and the accounts agree with the Servicers records with respect to an obligors
unpaid principal balance. 

1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes
with respect to the terms or status of an obligors account (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and
approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss
mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions,
as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the
transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(viii) Records
documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period an Account is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such
records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the
entitys activities in monitoring delinquent Accounts including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling
plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments
to interest rates or rates of return for Accounts with variable rates are computed based on the related Account documents. 

1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding
any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors
Account documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on
such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable Account documents and state laws; and (C) such funds
are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related Accounts, or such other number of days specified
in the transaction agreements. 

Ex. D-3

Reference Servicing
Criteria 

Applicable

Servicing
Criteria

1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments
made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as
indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at
least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xii) Any
late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicers funds
and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligors error or omission. 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements
made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligors records maintained by the servicer, or such
other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies,
charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xv) Any
external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained
as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

Ex. D-4

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF
INDENTURE TRUSTEES ANNUAL CERTIFICATION

RE: WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2025-A

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee),
certifies to World Omni Auto Receivables LLC (the Depositor), and its officers, with the knowledge and intent that
they will rely upon this certification, that:

1. It has
reviewed the report on assessment of the Indenture Trustees compliance provided in
accordance with Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act) and Item 1122 of Regulation AB (the Servicing
Assessment), and the registered public accounting firms attestation report
provided in accordance with Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Section 1122(b) of
Regulation AB (the Attestation Report) that were delivered by the Indenture
Trustee to the Depositor pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2025, by
and among the Indenture Trustee, World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A, and U.S. Bank
National Association, as account bank (collectively, the Indenture Trustee Information);

2. To the
best of its knowledge, the Servicing Assessment, taken as a whole, does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in the light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period of time covered by the Indenture Trustee Information;

3. To the
best of its knowledge, all of the Indenture Trustee Information required to be provided by
the Indenture Trustee under the Agreement has been provided to the Depositor; and

4. To the
best of its knowledge, except as disclosed in the Servicing Assessment or the Attestation
Report, the Indenture Trustee has fulfilled its obligations under the Agreement in all material
respects.

U.S. BANK
TRUST COMPANY, National Association,

not in its individual capacity but
solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: _________________________ 

Ex. E-1

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF
TRANSFEROR CERTIFICATE

[DATE]

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association

190 South LaSalle
Street

7th
Floor

Chicago, IL
60603

Attention: Corporate
Trust Services, WOART 2025-A

World Omni Auto Receivables LLC

250 Jim Moran Boulevard

Deerfield Beach, FL 33442

World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A

c/o Wilmington Trust, National Association

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market
Street

Wilmington, DE
19890-0001

Attention: Corporate
Trust Administration

Re: World
Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A Class Notes

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with our disposition of the above-referenced Class ___ Notes (the Class Notes)
we certify that (a) we understand that the Class ___ Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), and are being transferred by us in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of
the Act and (b) we have not offered or sold any Class ___ Notes to, or solicited offers to buy any Class ___ Notes from,
any person, or otherwise approached or negotiated with any person with respect thereto, in a manner that would be deemed, or taken any
other action which would result in, a violation of Section 5 of the Act.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEROR]

By: 

Authorized Officer

Ex. F-1

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF
INVESTMENT LETTER

U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association

190 South LaSalle
Street

7th
Floor

Chicago, IL
60603

Attention: Corporate
Trust Services, WOART 2025-A

World Omni Auto Receivables LLC

250 Jim Moran Boulevard

Deerfield Beach, FL 33442

World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A

c/o Wilmington Trust, National Association

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market
Street

Wilmington, DE
19890-0001

Attention: Corporate
Trust Administration

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with our proposed purchase of Class ___ Notes (the Class ___ Notes) of World Omni Auto Receivables
Trust 2025-A (the Issuing Entity), we confirm that:

1. We
understand that the Class ___ Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act),
and may not be sold except as permitted in the following sentence. We understand and agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts
for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, (x) that such Class ___ Notes are being offered only in a transaction not involving
any public offering within the meaning of the 1933 Act and (y) that such Class ___ Notes may be resold, pledged or transferred
only (i) to World Omni Auto Receivables LLC (WOAR), (ii) to an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a)(1),(2),(3) or (7) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act (an Accredited Investor) acting for
its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are Accredited Investors
unless the holder is a bank acting in its fiduciary capacity) that executes a certificate substantially in the form hereof, (iii) so
long as such Class ___ Note is eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act (Rule 144A),
to a person whom we reasonably believe after due inquiry is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A,
acting for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified
institutional buyers) to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A
or (iv) in a sale, pledge or other transfer made in a transaction otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933
Act, in which case the Indenture Trustee shall require that both the prospective transferor and the prospective transferee certify to
the Indenture Trustee and WOAR in writing the facts surrounding such transfer, which certification shall be in form and substance satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee and WOAR. Except in the case of a transfer described in clauses (i) or (iii) above, the Indenture
Trustee shall require that a written opinion of counsel (which will not be at the expense of WOAR, any Affiliate of WOAR or the Indenture
Trustee), satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and WOAR, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and WOAR to the effect that such transfer
will not violate the 1933 Act, and will be effected in accordance with any applicable securities laws of each state of the United States.
We will notify any purchaser of the Class ___ Notes from us of the above resale restrictions, if then applicable. We further understand
that in connection with any transfer of the Class ___ Notes by us that the Indenture Trustee and WOAR may request, and if so requested
we will furnish, such certificates and other information as they may reasonably require to confirm that any such transfer complies with
the foregoing restrictions.

Ex. G-1

2. [CHECK
ONE]

(a) We
are an Accredited Investor acting for our own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which
others also are Accredited Investors unless we are a bank acting in its fiduciary capacity). We have such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Class ___
Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of our or their investment for an
indefinite period of time. We are acquiring the Class ___ Notes or investment and not with a view to, or for offer
and sale in connection with, a public distribution.

(b) We
are a qualified institutional buyer as defined under Rule 144A under the 1933 Act and are acquiring the Class ___
Notes for our own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified
institutional buyers). We are familiar with Rule 144A under the 1933 Act and are aware that the seller of
the Class ___ Notes and other parties intend to rely on the statements made herein and the exemption from the registration requirements
of the 1933 Act provided by Rule 144A.

3. Unless
counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee has rendered an opinion to the effect that the Class ___ Notes to be transferred will
be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we represent that either (i) we are not and will not be and
are not acting on behalf of or acquiring the Class ___ Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) with the assets of any person that
is or will be (A) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (B) a plan
described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (C) an entity or account
deemed to hold assets of the foregoing or (D) any plan or arrangement that is subject to any law that is substantially similar to
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law) (each, a Plan). If counsel
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee has rendered an opinion to the effect that the Class ___ Notes to be transferred will be characterized
as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we represent that either (i) we are not acquiring the Class ___ Note
with the assets of any Plan or (ii) our acquisition and holding of such Class ___ Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will
not give rise to a nonexempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of
Similar Law.

Ex. G-2

4. Unless
counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall have rendered an opinion to the effect that the Class ___ Notes to be transferred
will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we represent that we are a United States person (within the
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code); and we acknowledge that unless the Indenture Trustee shall have received such an opinion,
no transfer of any Class ___ Note shall be permitted to be made to any person who is not a United States person and any such purported
transfer in violation of these restrictions shall be null and void.

5. Unless
counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall have rendered an opinion either (i) to the effect that the Class ___ Notes
to be transferred will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or if such opinion is not rendered, (ii) to
the effect that the transfer of the Class ___ Notes will not cause the Issuing Entity to be treated as an association (or publicly
traded partnership), in either case, taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the Depositor shall have provided
prior written approval, we understand that no sale, pledge, or transfer of the Class ___ Note shall be made to any one person in
an amount less than $2,000,000 (or such other amount as the Depositor may determine in order to prevent the Issuing Entity from being
treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code).

6. Unless
counsel satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall have rendered an opinion either (i) to the effect that the Class ___ Notes
to be transferred will be characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or if such opinion is not rendered, (ii) to
the effect that the transfer of the Class ___ Notes will not cause the Issuing Entity to be treated as an association (or publicly
traded partnership), in either case, taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the Depositor shall have provided
prior written approval, we represent that we are not a grantor trust, S corporation, or partnership (as determined, in each case, for
U.S. federal income tax purposes) (Pass-through Entity) where more than 50% of the value of any beneficial owners
interest in such Pass-through Entity is attributable to the Pass-through Entitys interest in the Class ___ Notes and any
such purported transfer in violation of this restriction shall be null and void.

7. We
understand that the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee, WOAR and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments,
representations and agreements, and we agree that if any of the acknowledgments, representations and warranties deemed to have been made
by us by our purchase of the Class ___ Notes, for our own account or for one or more accounts as to each of which we exercise sole
investment discretion, are no longer accurate, we shall promptly notify WOAR.

Ex. G-3

8. You
are entitled to rely upon this letter and you are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF PURCHASER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Ex. G-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>TRUST AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

TRUST AGREEMENT

between

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor,

and

WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Owner Trustee

Dated as of January 29, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I Definitions 1

Section 1.01 Capitalized Terms 1

ARTICLE II Organization 1

Section 2.01 Name 1

Section 2.02 Office 1

Section 2.03 Purposes and Powers 1

Section 2.04 Appointment of Owner Trustee 2

Section 2.05 Initial Capital Contribution of Owner Trust Estate 2

Section 2.06 Declaration of Trust 3

Section 2.07 Liability of the Depositor and the Certificateholders 3

Section 2.08 Title to Trust Property 3

Section 2.09 Situs of Trust 4

Section 2.10 Representations and Warranties of the Depositor 4

Section 2.11 Financing Statements 5

Section 2.12 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement 5

ARTICLE III Trust Certificates and Transfer
of Interests 5

Section 3.01 [Reserved] 5

Section 3.02 The Trust Certificates 5

Section 3.03 Authentication of Trust Certificates 6

Section 3.04 Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Trust Certificates 6

Section 3.05 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Trust Certificates 8

Section 3.06 Persons Deemed Owners 9

Section 3.07 Access to List of Certificateholders Names and
Addresses 9

Section 3.08 Maintenance of Office or Agency 9

Section 3.09 Appointment of Paying Agent 9

Section 3.10 Representations of Certificateholders 10

Section 3.11 Code Section 385 Restrictions 10

ARTICLE IV Actions by Owner Trustee 11

Section 4.01 Prior Notice to Certificateholders with Respect to
Certain Matters 11

Section 4.02 Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Certain
Matters 12

Section 4.03 Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Bankruptcy 12

Section 4.04 Restrictions on Certificateholders Power 12

Section 4.05 Majority Control 13

ARTICLE V Application of Trust Funds;
Certain Duties 13

Section 5.01 [Reserved] 13

Section 5.02 Application of Trust Funds 13

Section 5.03 Method of Payment 14

Section 5.04 No Segregation of Monies; No Interest 14

Section 5.05 Accounting and Reports to the Certificateholders, the
Internal Revenue Service and Others 15

Section 5.06 Signature on Returns 15

ARTICLE VI Authority and Duties of Owner
Trustee 16

Section 6.01 General Authority 16

Section 6.02 General Duties 16

Section 6.03 Action Upon Instruction 16

Section 6.04 No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or
in Instructions 17

Section 6.05 No Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions 17

Section 6.06 Restrictions 17

Section 6.07 Execution of Notes 18

Section 6.08 Doing Business in Other Jurisdictions 18

ARTICLE VII Concerning the Owner Trustee 18

Section 7.01 Acceptance of Trusts and Duties 18

Section 7.02 Furnishing of Documents 22

Section 7.03 Representations and Warranties of the Owner Trustee 22

Section 7.04 [Reserved] 23

Section 7.05 Reliance; Advice of Counsel 23

Section 7.06 Not Acting in Individual Capacity 23

Section 7.07 Owner Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificates or
Receivables 23

Section 7.08 Owner Trustee May Own Trust Certificates and Notes 24

Section 7.09 Legal Proceedings 24

Section 7.10 Communications Regarding Demands to Repurchase Receivables 24

Section 7.11 Electronic Communications 25

ARTICLE VIII Compensation of Owner Trustee 26

Section 8.01 Owner Trustees Fees and Expenses 26

Section 8.02 Indemnification 26

Section 8.03 Payments to the Owner Trustee 26

ARTICLE IX Termination of Trust Agreement 27

Section 9.01 Termination of Trust Agreement 27

ARTICLE X Successor Owner Trustees and
Additional Owner Trustees 28

Section 10.01 Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee 28

Section 10.02 Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee 28

Section 10.03 Successor Owner Trustee 29

Section 10.04 Merger or Consolidation of the Owner Trustee 29

Section 10.05 Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 30

ii

ARTICLE XI Miscellaneous 31

Section 11.01 Supplements and Amendments 31

Section 11.02 No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate in Certificateholders 32

Section 11.03 Limitations on Rights of Others 33

Section 11.04 Notices 33

Section 11.05 Severability 33

Section 11.06 Separate Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 34

Section 11.07 Successors and Assigns 34

Section 11.08 Covenants of the Depositor 34

Section 11.09 No Petition 34

Section 11.10 No Recourse 35

Section 11.11 Headings 35

Section 11.12 GOVERNING LAW 35

Section 11.13 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money
Laundering Regulations 36

ARTICLE XII COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION
AB 37

Section 12.01 Intent of the Parties; Reasonableness 37

Section 12.02 Information to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee 37

EXHIBIT A Form of Trust Certificate 

EXHIBIT B Form of Certificate of Trust 

EXHIBIT C Form of Transferor Certificate 

EXHIBIT D Form of Investment Letter 

EXHIBIT E Form of Receivables 

iii

TRUST AGREEMENT

This TRUST AGREEMENT is dated
January 29, 2025, between WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as depositor (the Depositor),
and WILMINGTON TRUST, National Association, a national banking association, as owner trustee
(the Owner Trustee).

Article I

Definitions

Section 1.01 Capitalized
Terms. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Part I
of Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement),
among the Trust, as Issuing Entity, the Depositor, World Omni Financial Corp., as Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as account
bank (the Account Bank). All references herein to the Agreement or this Agreement are
to this Trust Agreement as it may be amended and supplemented from time to time, the Exhibits hereto and the capitalized terms used herein
which are defined in such Appendix A, and all references herein to Articles, Sections and subsections are to Articles, Sections
and subsections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The rules of construction set forth in Part II of such
Appendix A shall be applicable to this Agreement.

Article II

Organization

Section 2.01 Name.
The Trust shall be known as World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A in which name the Owner Trustee may conduct
the business of the Trust, make and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of the Trust and sue and be sued. The Trust shall
obtain and maintain qualification to transact business in the State of Alabama. For the purpose of qualifying to transact business in
the State of Alabama, the Trust may adopt the fictitious name of World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A (Inc.) and may
conduct the business of the Trust in the State of Alabama under such fictitious name.

Section 2.02 Office.
The office of the Trust shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office or at such other address as the Owner Trustee
may designate by written notice to the Certificateholders and the Depositor.

Section 2.03 Purposes
and Powers. The purpose of the Trust is to enter into contracts with others or delegate herein the right to perform the following
activities and the Trust shall have the power and authority, and is hereby authorized and empowered without further trust action:

(i) to
issue and cause to be authenticated the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Trust Certificates pursuant to this Agreement and to
transfer the Notes and the Trust Certificates to the Depositor;

(ii) with
the proceeds of the sale of the Notes, to purchase the Receivables, to execute and deliver the Basic Documents to empower the Indenture
Trustee, the Administrator and the Servicer, as applicable, to make deposits into and withdrawals from the Reserve Account and to pay
the organizational, start-up and transactional expenses of the Trust;

(iii) to
assign, grant, transfer, pledge, mortgage and convey the Owner Trust Estate pursuant to the Indenture (including contracting with the
Servicer to make the filing of financing statements on its behalf in connection therewith), and to hold and enter into the Basic Documents
to empower the parties thereto with respect to managing and distributing to the Certificateholders pursuant to the terms of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement any portion of the Owner Trust Estate released from the Lien of, and remitted to the Trust pursuant to, the Indenture;

(iv) to
execute, deliver and perform or cause to be performed its obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is to be a party;

(v) to
enter into any agreements with others, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto
or connected therewith, including entering into interest rate swaps and caps and other derivative instruments;

(vi) to
cause the Issuing Entity Order to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and deliver the Notes; and

(vii) subject
to compliance with the Basic Documents, to enter into such other agreements to engage others as may be required in connection with conservation
of the Owner Trust Estate and the making of distributions to the Certificateholders and the Noteholders.

The Trust is hereby authorized
to enter into such agreements with others to enable them to carry out the foregoing activities. The Trust shall not enter into any agreements
other than in connection with the foregoing or other than as required or authorized by the terms of this Agreement or the Basic Documents.

Section 2.04 Appointment
of Owner Trustee. The Depositor hereby appoints the Owner Trustee as trustee of the Trust effective as of the date hereof, to have
all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein and under the Statutory Trust Act.

Section 2.05 Initial
Capital Contribution of Owner Trust Estate. In accordance with Section 3802(a) of the Statutory Trust Act, the Depositor
has not made, and is not required to make, a contribution to the Trust; provided that the Depositor may make a contribution to the Trust
at its discretion. The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold any such contribution, which shall constitute the initial Owner
Trust Estate. Notwithstanding Section 8.01 hereof, the Depositor shall pay organizational expenses of the Trust as they may arise
or shall, upon the request of the Owner Trustee, promptly reimburse the Owner Trustee for any such expenses paid by the Owner Trustee.

2

Section 2.06 Declaration
of Trust. The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the Owner Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions
set forth herein for the use and benefit of the Certificateholders, subject to the obligations of the Trust under the Basic Documents.
It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust constitute a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust Act and that this Agreement
constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust. The Trust is not intended to be a business trust within the meaning of Section 101(9)(A)(v) of
the Bankruptcy Code. It is also the intention of the parties hereto that, solely for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise
tax purposes, on and after the Closing Date, (a) so long as the Trust has only one Certificateholder, the Trust shall be disregarded
as an entity separate from such Certificateholder and (b) at such time as the Trust has more than one Certificateholder, the Trust
will be treated as a partnership, with the assets of the partnership being the Receivables and other assets held by the Trust, the partners
of the partnership being the Certificateholders, and the Notes being non-recourse debt of the partnership. The Depositor and the Owner
Trustee (and any future Certificateholder by the purchase of a Trust Certificate will be deemed to have agreed) agree to take no action
inconsistent with such tax treatment. The Trust shall not elect to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation under Treasury
Regulations Section 301.7701-3(a). The parties agree that, unless otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, the sole Certificateholder
or the Trust, as applicable, will file or cause to be filed annual or other necessary returns, reports and other forms consistent with
the foregoing characterization of the Trust for such tax purposes. Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all
rights, powers and duties set forth herein and, to the extent not inconsistent herewith, in the Statutory Trust Act with respect to accomplishing
the purposes of the Trust. Any action taken on behalf of the Trust prior to the date hereof with respect to the filing of financing statements,
the Certificate of Trust, a qualification to do business in the State of Alabama or any other similar qualification or license in any
other state or jurisdiction, if applicable, is hereby ratified.

Section 2.07 Liability
of the Depositor and the Certificateholders. (a) The Depositor shall be liable directly to and will indemnify any injured party
for all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses of the Trust (including Expenses, to the extent not paid out of the Owner Trust
Estate) to the extent that the Depositor would be liable if the Trust was a partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership
Act in which the Depositor was a general partner; provided, however, that the Depositor shall not be liable for any losses
incurred by a Certificateholder in the capacity of an investor in the Trust Certificates, or by a Noteholder in the capacity of an investor
in the Notes. In addition, any third-party creditors of the Trust (other than in connection with the obligations described in the preceding
sentence for which the Depositor shall not be liable) shall be deemed third-party beneficiaries of this Section 2.07.

(b) No
Certificateholder, other than to the extent set forth in paragraph (a), shall have any personal liability for any liability or obligation
of the Trust.

Section 2.08 Title
to Trust Property. Legal title to all the Owner Trust Estate shall be vested at all times in the Trust as a separate legal entity
except where applicable law in any jurisdiction requires title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate to be vested in a trustee or trustees,
in which case title shall be deemed to be vested in the Owner Trustee, a co-trustee and/or a separate trustee, as the case may be.

3

Section 2.09 Situs
of Trust. The Trust will be located and administered in the State of Delaware. All bank accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee
on behalf of the Trust shall be located in the States of Delaware or New York. The Trust shall not have any employees in any state other
than Delaware; provided, however, that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the Owner Trustee from having employees
within or outside of the State of Delaware. Payments will be received by the Trust only in the States of Delaware or New York, and payments
will be made by the Trust only from the States of Delaware or New York. The only office of the Trust shall be the principal corporate
trust office of the Owner Trustee located at its Corporate Trust Office.

Section 2.10 Representations
and Warranties of the Depositor. The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that:

(a) The
Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is
presently conducted.

(b) The
Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has obtained all necessary material
licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business shall require
such qualifications, except where the failure to be so qualified or to have obtained such licenses or approvals would not have a material
adverse effect on the Depositors earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

(c) The
Depositor has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms; the Depositor has full power
and authority to sell and assign the property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Trust and the Depositor has duly authorized
such sale and assignment and deposit to the Trust by all necessary action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
have been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary action.

(d) The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not (i) conflict with,
result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a Default under,
the limited liability company agreement or bylaws of the Depositor; (ii) breach, conflict with or violate any of the material terms
or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a Default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument
to which the Depositor is a party or by which it is bound; (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its
properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the Basic Documents); or
(iv) violate any law or, to the best of the Depositors knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Depositor
of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over the Depositor or its properties, except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such breaches,
defaults, conflicts, liens or violations that would not have a material adverse effect on the Depositors earnings, business affairs
or business prospects.

4

(e) To
the Depositors best knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened before any court, regulatory body,
administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties: (i) asserting
the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Trust Certificates
or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents, (iii) seeking
any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of
its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents or (iv) involving
the Depositor and which might materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax characterization
or attributes of the Trust or the Trust Certificates.

Section 2.11 Financing
Statements. The Trust hereby authorizes the filing of financing statements in connection with the grant of a security interest to
the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the granting clause of the Indenture. In addition, the Trust hereby ratifies any such financing statements
filed prior to the date hereof.

Section 2.12 Amended
and Restated Trust Agreement. This Trust Agreement is the amended and restated trust agreement contemplated by the Trust Agreement,
dated as of November 21, 2024, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee (the Initial Trust Agreement). This
Trust Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Initial Trust Agreement.

Article III

Trust Certificates and Transfer of Interests

Section 3.01 [Reserved].

Section 3.02 The
Trust Certificates. The Trust Certificates shall represent in the aggregate a 100% Percentage Interest in the Trust. On the date
hereof, the Depositor or its designee shall be the sole Certificateholder of each of the Trust Certificates and each of the Trust Certificates
shall be registered, upon initial issuance, in the name of the Depositor or its designee. The Trust Certificates shall be executed on
behalf of the Trust by manual or facsimile signature of an Authorized Officer of the Owner Trustee. Trust Certificates bearing the manual
or facsimile signatures of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures shall have been affixed, authorized to sign on behalf
of the Owner Trustee, shall be validly issued and entitled to the benefit of this Agreement, notwithstanding that such individuals or
any of them shall have ceased to be so authorized prior to the authentication and delivery of such Trust Certificates or did not hold
such offices at the date of authentication and delivery of such Trust Certificates.

A transferee of a Trust Certificate
shall become a Certificateholder and shall be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Certificateholder hereunder
upon such transferees acceptance of a Trust Certificate duly registered in such transferees name pursuant to Section 3.04.

5

Section 3.03 Authentication
of Trust Certificates. On the Closing Date, the Owner Trustee shall cause the Trust Certificates to be executed on behalf of the
Trust, authenticated and delivered to or upon the written order of the Depositor signed by the Depositors president, any vice
president, secretary, treasurer or any assistant treasurer, without further company action by the Depositor. No Trust Certificate shall
entitle a Certificateholder to any benefit under this Agreement or be valid for any purpose unless there shall appear on such Trust Certificate
a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, executed by the Owner Trustee or, upon the instructions
of the Depositor, the Certificate Registrar, as its authenticating agent, by manual signature; such authentication shall constitute conclusive
evidence that such Trust Certificate shall have been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Trust Certificates shall be dated
the date of their authentication.

Section 3.04 Registration
of Transfer and Exchange of Trust Certificates. The certificate registrar (the Certificate Registrar) shall
keep or cause to be kept, at the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.08, a certificate register (the Certificate
Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Certificate Registrar shall provide for
the registration of Trust Certificates and of transfers and exchanges of Trust Certificates as herein provided. The Indenture Trustee
shall be the initial Certificate Registrar.

The Trust Certificates have
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and will not be listed on any exchange. No transfer of a Trust Certificate
shall be made unless such transfer is made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws or is exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such state securities laws. In the
event that a transfer is to be made in reliance upon an exemption from the Securities Act and state securities laws, in order to assure
compliance with the Securities Act and such laws, the Certificateholder desiring to effect such transfer and such Certificateholders
prospective transferee shall each certify to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor in writing the facts surrounding the transfer in substantially
the forms set forth in Exhibit C (the Transferor Certificate) and Exhibit D (the Investment
Letter). Except in the case of a transfer as to which the proposed transferee has provided an Investment Letter with respect
to a Rule 144A transaction, there shall also be delivered to the Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee and the Depositor an opinion
of counsel that such transfer may be made pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act and state securities laws, which opinion of
counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust, the Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee (unless it is the
transferee from whom such opinion is to be obtained) or of the Depositor or World Omni; provided that such opinion of counsel
in respect of the applicable state securities laws may be a memorandum of law rather than an opinion if such counsel is not licensed
in the applicable jurisdiction. The Depositor shall provide to any Certificateholder and any prospective transferee designated by any
such Certificateholder information regarding the Certificates and the Receivables and such other information as shall be necessary to
satisfy the condition to eligibility set forth in Rule 144A(d)(4) for transfer of any such Certificate without registration
thereof under the Securities Act pursuant to the registration exemption provided by Rule 144A. Each Certificateholder desiring to
effect such a transfer shall, and does hereby agree to, indemnify the Issuing Entity, the Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee, the
Indenture Trustee, the Depositor and World Omni (in any capacity) against any liability that may result if the transfer is not so exempt
or is not made in accordance with federal and state securities laws.

6

No transfer of a Trust Certificate
(or any interest therein) shall be made to any Person unless the Certificate Registrar has received a certificate in the form of paragraph
3 to the Investment Letter attached hereto as Exhibit D from such Person to the effect that such Person is not and will not
be and is not acting on behalf of or acquiring such Trust Certificates (or any interest therein) with the assets of any person that is
or will be (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan described
in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the Code) subject to Section 4975
of the Code, (iii) any entity or account deemed to hold assets of the foregoing or (iv) any plan or arrangement that is subject
to any law that is substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law) (each,
a Plan). The preparation and delivery of the certificate referred to above with respect to a proposed transfer shall
not be an expense of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, the Indenture Trustee, World Omni (in any capacity)
or the Depositor. Any attempted or purported transfer in violation of these transfer restrictions will be null and void and will vest
no rights in any purported transferee.

No transfer of a Trust Certificate
shall be made to any Person unless the Depositor, the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar has received (A) a certificate
in the form of paragraph 4 to the Investment Letter attached hereto as Exhibit D from such Person to the effect that such
Person is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and (B) the Depositor,
the Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall have received an opinion of counsel (which counsel is independent
from the Depositor and the Trust) that such action shall not cause the Trust to be treated as an association (or publicly traded partnership),
in either case, taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and such transferee or assignee shall agree to take positions
for tax purposes consistent with the tax positions set forth in Section 2.06 of this Agreement as agreed to be taken by the
Certificateholder.

The Certificate Registrar shall
cause each Certificate to contain a legend stating that transfer of the Certificates is subject to certain restrictions and referring
prospective purchasers of the Certificates to the terms of this Agreement with respect to such restrictions.

Upon surrender for registration
of transfer of any Trust Certificate at the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.08, the Owner Trustee shall
execute, and the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee
or transferees, one or more new Trust Certificates in authorized denominations of a like aggregate amount dated the date of authentication
by the Owner Trustee or any authenticating agent. At the option of a Certificateholder, Trust Certificates may be exchanged for other
Trust Certificates of authorized denominations of a like aggregate amount upon surrender of the Trust Certificates to be exchanged at
the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.08. No Certificate (other than the Certificates issued to and held
by the Depositor or its Affiliates) may be subdivided upon transfer or exchange in a manner such that any resulting Certificate(s) or
beneficial ownership of a Certificate held through a party considered a nominee for U.S. federal income tax purposes represent(s) less
than a 2.00% fractional undivided interest in the Trust (or such other amount as the Depositor may determine in order to prevent the
Trust from being treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code, but in no event less than
a 1.00% fractional undivided interest in the Trust).

7

Every Trust Certificate presented
or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory
to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder or such Certificateholders attorney
duly authorized in writing. Each Trust Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be cancelled and subsequently
disposed of by the Owner Trustee in accordance with its customary practice.

No service charge shall be
made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Trust Certificates, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of
Trust Certificates.

The preceding provisions of
this Section notwithstanding, the Owner Trustee shall not make, and the Certificate Registrar shall not register transfers or exchanges
of, Trust Certificates for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment with respect to the Trust Certificates.

No transfer of a Trust Certificate
or any interest therein shall be made unless the Certificateholder shall have first surrendered such Trust Certificate to the Certificate
Registrar for registration of transfer, or if such Trust Certificate shall have been mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen, the Certificateholder
must first comply with Section 3.05 hereof.

During the period described
in 17 CFR Part 246.12(f)(1), no Certificateholder may sell, transfer, finance, assign, participate, pledge or otherwise dispose
of any Certificate until the expiration of such period; provided, that, during such period, such Certificateholder may sell, transfer,
finance, assign, participate, pledge or otherwise dispose of any Certificate to World Omni or any majority-owned affiliate
(as such term is defined in 17 CFR Part 246.2) of World Omni in accordance with the restrictions contained in 17 CFR Part 246.12.
Any purported transfer of a Certificate not in accordance with this paragraph of Section 3.04 shall be null and void and shall not
be given effect for any purpose whatsoever. In no event shall the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Certificate Registrar have any
responsibility to monitor compliance with or be charged with knowledge of the Credit Risk Retention Rules, nor shall any of them be liable
to any investor, Noteholder, party or any other Person whatsoever for violation of such rules or requirements or such similar provisions
now or hereafter in effect.

Section 3.05 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Trust Certificates. If (a) any mutilated Trust Certificate shall be surrendered to the Certificate
Registrar, or if the Certificate Registrar shall receive evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Trust
Certificate and (b) there shall be delivered to the Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee such security or indemnity as may
be required by them to save each of them harmless, then in the absence of notice that such Trust Certificate has been acquired by a protected
purchaser, the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust shall execute and the Owner Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for
or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Trust Certificate, a new Trust Certificate of like tenor and denomination.
In connection with the issuance of any new Trust Certificate under this Section, the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require
the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. Any duplicate
Trust Certificate issued pursuant to this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of ownership in the Trust, as if originally
issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Trust Certificate shall be found at any time.

8

Section 3.06 Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentation of a Trust Certificate for registration of transfer, the Owner Trustee, the Certificate
Registrar or any Paying Agent may treat the Person in whose name any Trust Certificate is registered in the Certificate Register as the
owner of such Trust Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to Section 5.02 and for all other purposes whatsoever,
and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any Paying Agent shall be bound by any notice to the contrary.

Section 3.07 Access
to List of Certificateholders Names and Addresses. The Certificate Registrar shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the
Owner Trustee, the Servicer and the Depositor, within 15 days after receipt by the Certificate Registrar of a written request therefor
from the Owner Trustee, the Servicer or the Depositor, a list, in such form as the Owner Trustee, the Servicer or the Depositor may reasonably
require, of the names and addresses of the Certificateholders, and, to the extent requested, such list shall be as of the most recent
Record Date. If three or more Certificateholders or one or more Certificateholders of Trust Certificates evidencing not less than a 25%
Percentage Interest of the Certificates apply in writing to the Certificate Registrar, and such application states that the applicants
desire to communicate with other Certificateholders with respect to their rights under this Agreement or under the Trust Certificates
and such application is accompanied by a copy of the communication that such applicants propose to transmit, then the Certificate Registrar
shall, within five Business Days after the receipt of such application, afford such applicants access during normal business hours to
the current list of Certificateholders. Each Certificateholder, by receiving and holding a Trust Certificate, shall be deemed to have
agreed not to hold any of the Depositor, the Certificate Registrar or the Owner Trustee accountable by reason of the disclosure of its
name and address, regardless of the source from which such information was derived.

Section 3.08 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Owner Trustee shall maintain an office or offices or agency or agencies where notices and demands to or
upon the Owner Trustee in respect of the Basic Documents may be served, and the Certificate Registrar shall maintain an office or offices
or agency or agencies where Trust Certificates may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands
to or upon the Certificate Registrar in respect of the Trust Certificates and Basic Documents may be served. The Owner Trustee initially
designates its Corporate Trust Office as its office for such purposes and the Indenture Trustee, as Certificate Registrar, initially
designates its Corporate Trust Office as its office for such purposes. Each of the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar shall
give prompt written notice to the Depositor and to the Certificateholders of any change in the location of any such office or agency.

Section 3.09 Appointment
of Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall make distributions to Certificateholders pursuant to Section 5.02. Any Paying Agent
shall have the revocable power to withdraw funds from the Collection Account for the purpose of making the distributions referred to
above. The Owner Trustee may revoke such power and remove the Paying Agent if the Owner Trustee determines in its sole discretion that
the Paying Agent shall have failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. The Indenture Trustee will
be the initial Paying Agent. In the event that the Indenture Trustee shall no longer be the Paying Agent, then the Depositor shall appoint
a successor to act as Paying Agent (which shall be a bank or trust company). The Depositor shall cause such successor Paying Agent or
any additional Paying Agent appointed by the Depositor to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument in which such successor
Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent shall agree with the Owner Trustee that, as Paying Agent, such successor Paying Agent or additional
Paying Agent will hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Certificateholders in trust for the benefit of the Certificateholders
entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Certificateholders. The Paying Agent shall return all unclaimed funds to the Owner
Trustee and upon removal of a Paying Agent such Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. Any
reference in this Agreement to the Paying Agent shall include any co-paying agent unless the context requires otherwise.

9

Section 3.10 Representations
of Certificateholders. Each Certificateholder, by its acceptance of a Trust Certificate issued hereunder, represents that it has,
independently and without reliance on the Owner Trustee or any other Person, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own investment decision in respect of the Trust Certificate. Each Certificateholder also represents that it will,
independently and without reliance on the Owner Trustee or any other Person, and based on such documents and information as it shall
deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under this Trust Agreement and in connection
with its Trust Certificate. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Certificateholders
by the Owner Trustee hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Certificateholder with any
other information concerning the transactions contemplated hereby, the Trust, the Depositor or any other parties hereto or to any related
documents which may come into the possession of the Owner Trustee or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives
or attorneys-in-fact.

Section 3.11 Code
Section 385 Restrictions. Unless the Trust has received an Opinion of Counsel that the restriction on the proposed acquisition
of the Trust Certificate (or interest therein) described by this paragraph is no longer necessary to conclude that any such acquisition
(and subsequent resale of the applicable Notes described below) will not cause the Treasury Regulations under Section 385 of the
Code to apply to the applicable Notes described below in a manner that could cause an adverse effect on the Trust (including for the
applicable Notes to be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or the Trust to be treated as an association (or publicly
traded partnership), in either case, taxable as a corporation, (A) a Section 385 Certificateholder cannot acquire a Trust Certificate
(or interest therein) if (i) a member of any expanded group (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-1(c)(4))
that includes the Section 385 Certificateholder owns any Notes (other than Retained Notes) or (ii) a Section 385 Controlled
Partnership of such expanded group owns any Notes (other than Retained Notes) and (B) a Section 385 Certificateholder cannot
hold the Trust Certificate (or interest therein) if (i) a member of any expanded group (as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.385-1(c)(4)) that includes the Section 385 Certificateholder acquires any Notes (other than Retained Notes) from
the Trust, any Affiliate, or through the marketplace or (ii) a Section 385 Controlled Partnership of such expanded group acquires
any Notes (other than Retained Notes) from the Trust, any Affiliate, or through the marketplace. The preceding sentence shall not apply
if the holder or potential holder of the applicable Notes is (y) a U.S. corporate member of the same U.S. corporate affiliated group
(as defined in Section 1504 of the Code) filing a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return that includes each of any applicable
related Section 385 Certificateholders (including in the case of a partnership, the relevant expanded group partner
(as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-3(g)(12))) or (z) a partnership all the partners of which are either such
U.S. corporate members as described in clause (y) or partnerships all of the partners of which are such U.S. corporate members as
described in clause (y). If a Certificateholder fails to comply with the requirements of this paragraph, the Administrator is authorized,
in the Administrators discretion, to compel such Certificateholder to sell its Certificate (or interest therein) to a Person whose
acquisition or holding thereof does not result in a failure to comply with this paragraph. In no event shall the Owner Trustee or Certificate
Registrar be held liable for any Default or nonperformance by the Administrator, and neither the Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar
shall have any responsibility to monitor compliance with or be charged with knowledge of the foregoing restrictions, nor shall either
of them be liable to any investor, Noteholder, party or any other Person whatsoever for violation of such restrictions.

10

For the purposes of this section,
Section 385 Certificateholder means a holder of a Trust Certificate (or interest therein), including such Person who
would become a Section 385 Certificateholder upon the transfer of a Trust Certificate (or interest therein) to such Person, that
is (1) an entity (foreign or domestic) that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (2) an entity
(foreign or domestic) that (i) is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 80 percent or more of its ownership
interests are controlled, directly or indirectly, by an expanded group, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-1(c)(4) and
(ii) has an expanded group partner (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-3(g)(12)) that is an entity (foreign or
domestic) that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (3) a disregarded entity or grantor trust of
an entity described in clause (1) or (2). For purposes of this section, Section 385 Controlled Partnership has
the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-1(c)(1) for a controlled partnership.

Article IV

Actions by Owner Trustee

Section 4.01 Prior
Notice to Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters. With respect to the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not
take action unless, at least 30 days before the taking of such action, the Owner Trustee shall have notified the Certificateholders
in writing of the proposed action and the Certificateholders shall not have notified the Owner Trustee in writing prior to the 30th day
after such notice is given that such Certificateholders have withheld consent or provided alternative direction:

(a) the
initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Trust (except claims or lawsuits brought in connection with the collection of the Receivables)
and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the Trust (except with respect to the aforementioned claims
or lawsuits for collection of the Receivables);

11

(b) the
election by the Trust to file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust, a conformed copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B
(unless such amendment is required to be filed under the Statutory Trust Act);

(c) the
amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder is required;

(d) the
amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder is not required and such
amendment would materially adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholders; or

(e) the
amendment, change or modification of the Administration Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or to amend or supplement any provision
in a manner or add any provision that would not materially adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholders.

Section 4.02 Action
by Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters. The Owner Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the written direction
of the Certificateholders, to (a) remove the Administrator under the Administration Agreement pursuant to Section 8 thereof,
(b) appoint a successor Administrator under the Administration Agreement pursuant to Section 8 thereof, (c) remove the
Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01 thereof, (d) except as expressly provided in the Basic
Documents, sell the Receivables after the termination of the Indenture or (e) appoint, pursuant to the Indenture, a successor Note
Registrar, Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee or, pursuant to this Agreement, a successor Certificate Registrar, or consent to the assignment
by the Note Registrar, Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee or Certificate Registrar of its obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement,
as applicable. The Owner Trustee shall take the actions referred to in the preceding sentence only upon written instructions signed by
the Certificateholders.

Section 4.03 Action
by Certificateholders with Respect to Bankruptcy. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Owner Trustee shall not
have any power to, and shall not, (i) institute proceedings to have the Trust declared or adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) consent
to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Trust, (iii) file a petition or consent to a petition seeking
reorganization or relief on behalf of the Trust under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, (iv) consent to
the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or any similar official) of the Trust or a substantial portion
of the assets of the Trust, (v) make any assignment for the benefit of the Trusts creditors, (vi) cause the Trust to
admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or (vii) take any action, or cause the Trust to take
any action, in furtherance of any of the foregoing (any of the above, a Bankruptcy Action). So long as the Indenture
remains in effect, no Certificateholder shall have the power to take, and shall not take, any Bankruptcy Action with respect to the Trust
or direct the Owner Trustee to take any Bankruptcy Action with respect to the Trust; provided that nothing contained herein shall
prevent the Owner Trustee from filing a proof of claim in any such proceeding.

Section 4.04 Restrictions
on Certificateholders Power. The Certificateholders shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or to refrain from taking any
action if such action or inaction would be contrary to any obligation of the Trust or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any of
the Basic Documents or would be contrary to Section 2.03 or contrary to applicable law, nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated
to follow any such direction, if given.

12

Section 4.05 Majority
Control. Except as expressly provided herein, any action that may be taken by the Certificateholders under this Agreement may be
taken by the Certificateholders of Trust Certificates evidencing in the aggregate at least a majority Percentage Interest. Except as
expressly provided herein, any written notice of the Certificateholders delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective if signed
by Certificateholders of Trust Certificates evidencing in the aggregate at least a majority Percentage Interest at the time of the delivery
of such notice.

Article V

Application of Trust Funds; Certain Duties

Section 5.01 [Reserved].

Section 5.02 Application
of Trust Funds.

(a) On
each Payment Date, subject to this Section 5.02(a), the Paying Agent shall, or shall cause the Account Bank to, distribute
to Certificateholders, on a pro rata basis, amounts pursuant to Sections 5.06(ii)(K) or (iii)(H), or Section 5.07(d) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to such Payment Date.

The Certificateholders of 100%
Percentage Interest of the Trust Certificates will have the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion, to instruct the
Indenture Trustee in writing on or prior to the close of business on the related Payment Determination Date to retain in the Collection
Account all or a portion of distributions otherwise payable to them pursuant to Section 5.06(ii)(K) or (iii)(H),
or Section 5.07(d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If the Certificateholders make this election, these amounts
will be treated as collections during the then-current Collection Period and the Certificateholders will have no claim to such amounts
(unless distributed on a subsequent Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.06(ii)(K) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement).

(b) On
each Payment Date, the Paying Agent shall post a copy of the statement or statements provided to the Indenture Trustee by the Servicer
pursuant to Section 5.08 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to such Payment Date on its internet website promptly
following its receipt thereof, for the benefit of the Certificateholder. The Paying Agents internet website shall initially be
located at https://pivot.usbank.com. Assistance in using the website can be obtained by calling the Paying Agents bondholder services
group at (800) 934-6802. The Paying Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, change the way the statements and information are posted
or distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or accessible for such Certificateholders, and the Paying Agent
shall provide on the website timely and adequate notification to all parties regarding any such change.

13

Section 5.03 Method
of Payment. Subject to Section 9.01(c), distributions required to be made to Certificateholders on any Payment Date shall be
made to each Certificateholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (x) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds,
to the account of such Certificateholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Certificateholder
shall have provided to the Certificate Registrar appropriate written instructions no later than the Record Date prior to such Payment
Date, or (y) if such Certificateholder does not qualify under clause (x), by check mailed to such Certificateholder at the address
of such holder appearing in the Certificate Register. If there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution
(such as a distribution to a Certificateholder that is not a U.S. Person), the Owner Trustee may in its sole discretion (or the Paying
Agent on behalf of the Owner Trustee may, or cause the Account Bank to, in either case, in its sole discretion) withhold such amounts
in accordance with this Section 5.03. If a Certificateholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax, the Owner
Trustee shall reasonably cooperate with such Certificateholder in making such claim so long as such Certificateholder agrees to reimburse
the Owner Trustee for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred.

Section 5.04 No
Segregation of Monies; No Interest. Subject to Section 5.02, monies received by the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Account
Bank hereunder need not be segregated in any manner except to the extent required by law or the Sale and Servicing Agreement and may
be deposited under such general conditions as may be prescribed by law, and the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Account Bank
shall not be liable for any interest thereon. The Owner Trustee may establish accounts and receive, maintain and disburse funds in accordance
with the terms hereof and the Basic Documents.

14

Section 5.05 Accounting
and Reports to the Certificateholders, the Internal Revenue Service and Others. The Administrator shall deliver to each Certificateholder,
as may be required by the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, or as may be requested by such Certificateholder, such information,
reports or statements as may be necessary to enable each Certificateholder to prepare its federal and state income tax returns. 
Consistent with the Trusts characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disregarded entity so long as the Depositor
or any other Person is the sole Certificateholder, no U.S. federal income tax return shall be filed on behalf of the Trust unless either
(i) the Owner Trustee shall be provided with an Opinion of Counsel that, based on a change in applicable law occurring after the
date hereof, or as a result of a transfer permitted by Section 3.04, the Code requires such a filing or (ii) the Internal Revenue
Service shall determine that the Trust is required to file such a return. In the event that there shall be two or more beneficial
owners of the Trust, the Administrator shall inform the Indenture Trustee in writing of such event, (x) the Administrator shall
prepare or shall cause to be prepared U.S. federal and, if applicable, state or local partnership tax returns, with all such necessary
information provided to it, required to be filed by the Trust and shall remit such returns to the Depositor (or if the Depositor no longer
owns any Trust Certificates, the Certificateholder designated for such purpose by the Depositor to the Owner Trustee in writing (provided
that if no such designation is made, such returns shall be remitted to the Certificateholder that holds the Trust Certificate representing
the eligible horizontal residual interest (as such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules))) at least (5) days
before such returns are due to be filed, and (y) capital accounts shall be maintained by the Administrator for each Certificateholder
in accordance with the Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) of the Code reflecting each such Certificateholders
share of the income, gains, deductions, and losses of the Trust and/or guaranteed payments made by the Trust and contributions to, and
distributions from, the Trust. The Administrator shall prepare any such return with all elections the Administrator deems appropriate,
except that no election shall be made to treat the Trust as an association taxable as a corporation. The Depositor (or such designee
Certificateholder, as applicable) shall promptly sign such returns and deliver such returns after signature to the Administrator and
such returns shall be filed by the Administrator with the appropriate tax authorities. In the event that a partnership representative
within the meaning of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules (Sections 6221 through 6241 of the Code, together with any guidance
issued thereunder or successor provisions and any similar provision of state or local tax laws) is required to be appointed with respect
to the Trust, the Depositor or its designee is hereby designated as partnership representative or, if the Depositor is not a Certificateholder,
the Certificateholder selected by a majority of the Certificateholders (by Percentage Interest) shall be designated as partnership representative;
provided that if no such selection is made, the Certificateholder that holds the Certificate representing the eligible horizontal
residual interest (as such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) shall be designated as the partnership representative. 
The partnership representative shall have the power to appoint the designated individual as set forth under the Partnership
Tax Audit Rules, and the designated individual shall have the same responsibilities and powers as the partnership representative, as
set forth below; provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, that the partnership representative shall not appoint the Owner Trustee
(as such or in its individual capacity) or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliated individuals. If the Trust
is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the partnership representative shall represent the Trust in connection
with all examinations of the Trusts affairs by tax authorities, including resulting judicial and administrative proceedings. The
Trust will make the election described in Section 6226 of the Code. If the Trust is obligated to pay any amount to a governmental
agency or body or to any other Person (or otherwise makes a payment) because of a Certificateholders status or otherwise specifically
attributable to a Certificateholder (including any taxes arising under the Partnership Tax Audit Rules), then such Certificateholder
shall, at the Trusts sole election, either (i) pay the entire amount (including any interest, penalties and expenses associated
with such payment) the Trust is obligated to pay because of such Certificateholders status or attributable to such Certificateholder
to the Trust at least five days prior to the due date for such payment by the Trust, or (ii) promptly reimburse the Trust in full
for the entire amount any and all such amounts paid by or on behalf of the Trust (including any interest, penalties and expenses associated
with such payment).

Section 5.06 Signature
on Returns.

The Depositor (or, if the Depositor
no longer owns any of the Trust Certificates, the Certificateholder designated for such purpose pursuant to Section 5.05)
or the Administrator (if permitted by law) shall sign the tax returns of the Trust on behalf of the Trust, unless applicable law requires
the Owner Trustee to sign such documents, in which case such documents shall be signed by the Owner Trustee, as required by applicable
law.

15

Article VI

Authority and Duties of Owner Trustee

Section 6.01 General
Authority. The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Basic Documents to which the Trust is to be a
party, the Notes and each certificate or other document attached as an exhibit to or contemplated by the Basic Documents to which the
Trust is to be a party and, in each case, in such form as the Depositor shall approve, as evidenced conclusively by the presentation
of such documents for execution to the Owner Trustee by the Depositor or its counsel. In addition to the foregoing, the Owner Trustee
is authorized, but shall not be obligated, to take all actions required of the Trust pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee
is further authorized from time to time, but shall not be obligated, to take such action as the Administrator directs in writing with
respect to the Basic Documents.

Section 6.02 General
Duties. It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to be discharged) all of its responsibilities pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement and to administer the Trust in the interest of the Certificateholders, subject to the Basic Documents and
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged
its duties and responsibilities hereunder to the extent the Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement to perform any act
or to discharge any duty of the Owner Trustee or the Trust hereunder or under any Basic Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not be
responsible for monitoring, supervising or performing the duties and obligations of the Administrator nor shall the Owner Trustee be
held liable for the Default or failure of the Administrator to carry out its obligations under the Administration Agreement.

Section 6.03 Action
Upon Instruction.

(a) Subject
to Article IV and in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents, the Certificateholders may by written instruction
direct the Owner Trustee in the management of the Trust. Such direction may be exercised at any time by written instruction of the Certificateholders
pursuant to Article IV.

(b) The
Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action hereunder or under any Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have reasonably
determined, or shall have been advised by counsel, that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee
or is contrary to the terms hereof or of any Basic Document or is otherwise contrary to law.

(c) Whenever
the Owner Trustee is unable to decide between alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement or under
any Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances) to the
Certificateholders requesting instruction as to the course of action to be adopted, and to the extent the Owner Trustee acts in good
faith in accordance with any written instruction of the Certificateholders received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account
of such action to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction within 10 days of such notice
(or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it
may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Basic Documents,
as it shall deem necessary, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction.

16

(d) In
the event that the Owner Trustee is unsure as to the application of any provision of this Agreement or any Basic Document or any such
provision is ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event
that this Agreement permits any determination by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is incomplete as to the course of action that the
Owner Trustee is required to take with respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee may give notice (in such form as shall
be appropriate under the circumstances) to the Certificateholders requesting instruction and, to the extent that the Owner Trustee acts
or refrains from acting in good faith in accordance with any such instruction received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable, on account
of such action or inaction, to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction within 10 days of
such notice (or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances)
it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Basic Documents,
as it shall deem necessary, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction.

Section 6.04 No
Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage,
make any payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of, or otherwise deal with the Owner Trust Estate, or to otherwise
take or refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, any document contemplated hereby to which the Owner Trustee is a
party, except as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement or in any document or written instruction received by the Owner Trustee
pursuant to Section 6.03; and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or any Basic Document against the
Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office
at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder or to prepare
or file any filing, including any Securities and Exchange Commission filing for the Trust or to record this Agreement or any Basic Document.
The Owner Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will promptly take all action as may be necessary to discharge any liens on any part of
the Owner Trust Estate that result from actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee that are not related to the ownership or the
administration of the Owner Trust Estate.

Section 6.05 No
Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise
deal with any part of the Owner Trust Estate except (i) in accordance with the powers granted to and the authority conferred upon
the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) in accordance with the Basic Documents or (iii) in accordance with any document
or instruction delivered to the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03.

Section 6.06 Restrictions.
The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (a) that is inconsistent with the purposes of the Trust set forth in Section 2.03
or (b) that, to the actual knowledge of a Trust Officer of the Owner Trustee, would result in the Trusts becoming an association
(or publicly traded partnership), in either case, taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (c) is not in
accordance with applicable law. Neither the Administrator nor Certificateholders shall direct the Owner Trustee to take action that would
violate the provisions of this Article VI.

17

Section 6.07 Execution
of Notes. The Owner Trustee is hereby authorized and directed on behalf of the Trust to execute the Notes pursuant to the Indenture.

Section 6.08 Doing
Business in Other Jurisdictions. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other Basic Document to the contrary, the Owner
Trustee shall not be required to take any action if the taking of such action may (i) require the consent, approval, authorization
or order of, or the giving of notice to, or the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state or other
governmental authority or agency of any jurisdiction other than a state in which it is qualified to do business (any such state, a State
of Qualification); (ii) result in any fee, tax or other governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or any
political subdivisions thereof in existence on the date hereof, other than a State of Qualification, becoming payable by the Owner Trustee;
or (iii) subject the Owner Trustee to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction other than a State of Qualification for causes of
action arising from acts unrelated to the consummation of the transactions by the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, contemplated hereby
or in any other Basic Document. In the event that the Owner Trustee does not take any action because such action may result in the consequences
described in the preceding sentence, it will appoint an additional trustee pursuant to Section 10.05 to proceed with such action.

Article VII

Concerning the Owner Trustee

Section 7.01 Acceptance
of Trusts and Duties. The Owner Trustee accepts the trusts hereby created and agrees to perform its duties hereunder with respect
to such trusts, but only upon the terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee also agrees to disburse all monies actually received by
it constituting part of the Owner Trust Estate upon the terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee shall not be answerable or accountable
hereunder or under any Basic Document under any circumstances, except (i) for its own willful misconduct or negligence (including
where such willful misconduct or negligence results in non-compliance with any covenant or agreement of the Owner Trustee herein), (ii) for
liabilities arising from the failure by the Owner Trustee to perform obligations expressly undertaken by it in the last sentence of Section 6.04
hereof, (iii) in the case of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.03 expressly made by the
Owner Trustee or (iv) for U.S. federal or state taxes, fees or other charges, based on or measured by any fees, commissions or compensation
received by the Owner Trustee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents.
In particular, but not by way of limitation (and subject to the exceptions set forth in the preceding sentence):

(a) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made by a Trust Officer of the Owner Trustee;

18

(b) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with the instructions of
the Administrator or any Certificateholder (provided that the instructions have been given by the requisite Percentage Interest of the
Certificates pursuant to this Agreement or one of the Basic Documents, as applicable);

(c) No
provision of this Agreement or any Basic Document shall require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its rights or powers hereunder or under any Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have determined
that repayment of such funds or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Owner Trustee against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured or provided to it;

(d) Under
no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be liable for indebtedness evidenced by or arising under any of the Basic Documents, including
the principal of and interest on the Notes, or for any Trust representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Basic Documents;

(e) The
Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for or in respect of the accuracy, validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the due execution
hereof by the Depositor or for the form, character, genuineness, sufficiency, value or validity of the Owner Trust Estate, or for or
in respect of the accuracy, validity or sufficiency of the Basic Documents, the Trust Certificates or any other document supplied to
the Owner Trustee other than the certificate of authentication on the Trust Certificates, and the Owner Trustee shall not in any event
assume or incur any liability, duty or obligation to any Noteholder or to any Certificateholder, the Depositor or any other Person other
than as expressly provided for herein;

(f) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the Default or misconduct of the Administrator, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer
under any of the Basic Documents or otherwise, the Owner Trustee shall not have any obligation or liability to perform the obligations
of the Trust under this Agreement or the Basic Documents that are required to be performed by the Administrator under the Administration
Agreement, the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, or the Servicer or the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
Owner Trustee may assume performance by the Administrator, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer absent written notice
to or actual knowledge of a Trust Officer of the Owner Trustee to the contrary;

(g) The
Owner Trustee shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement, or to institute,
conduct or defend any litigation under this Agreement or otherwise or in relation to this Agreement or any Basic Document, at the request,
order or direction of any of the Certificateholders or the Administrator, unless such Certificateholders or the Administrator have offered
to the Owner Trustee reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to the Owner Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities that
may be incurred by it therein or thereby. The right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement
or in any Basic Document shall not be construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its negligence
or willful misconduct in the performance of any such act;

19

(h) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any losses due to forces beyond the control of the Owner Trustee, including without limitation
strikes, work stoppages, lockouts, riots, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, government order or regulation, epidemics
or pandemics or similar events, government-mandated closures, insurrection, revolution, nuclear or natural disasters, catastrophes, acts
of nature or acts of God and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities or communications or computer (including software and hardware)
services provided to the Owner Trustee by third parties;

(i) In
no event shall the Owner Trustee be personally liable (i) for special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages or losses (including,
without limitation, lost profits), (ii) for the acts or omissions of its nominees, correspondents, clearing agencies or securities
depositories or (iii) for the acts or omissions of brokers or dealers;

(j) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or any Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall not be required to execute, deliver or certify on behalf
of the Trust or any other Person, any filings, certificates, affidavits or other instruments required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002;

(k) The
Owner Trustee has not provided and will not provide in the future, any advice, counsel or opinion regarding the tax, financial or investment
implications and consequences of the formation, funding and ongoing administration of the Issuing Entity. The Owner Trustee has no duties
to the Depositor, any Certificateholder, the Issuing Entity or any other parties with respect to these matters;

(l) The
Owner Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any event or information (including, without limitation, any Default
or Event of Default, or breach of representation or warranty under any Basic Document), or be required to act upon any event or information
(including the sending of any notice), unless a Trust Officer shall have actual knowledge of such event or information or written notice
of such event or information is received by a Trust Officer and such notice references the event or information. Absent written notice
in accordance with this section, the Owner Trustee may conclusively assume that no such event has occurred. The Owner Trustee shall have
no obligation to inquire into, or investigate as to, the occurrence of any such event (including any Default or Event of Default). For
purposes of determining the Owner Trustees responsibility and liability hereunder, whenever reference is made in this Trust Agreement
to any event (including, but not limited to, a Default or an Event of Default), such reference shall be construed to refer only to such
event of which the Owner Trustee has received notice as described in this section. Knowledge of the Owner Trustee shall not be attributed
or imputed to Wilmington Trust, National Associations other roles in the transaction;

(m) In
no event shall the Owner Trustee have any responsibility to monitor World Omnis compliance with or be charged with knowledge of
the Credit Risk Retention Rules, nor shall it be liable to any Noteholder, Certificateholder, or any party whatsoever for violation of
such rules or requirements or such similar provisions now or hereafter in effect; and

20

(n) The
Owner Trustee shall not have any responsibility on behalf of the Issuing Entity to make any determination with respect to, or monitor
or enforce the satisfaction of, any risk retention or other regulatory requirement.

(o) The
Owner Trustee will not be under any duty to succeed to, assume or otherwise perform any of the duties of the Administrator, Depositor
or Servicer, or to appoint a successor or replacement thereof in the event of their resignation or removal, or to remove and replace
the Administrator, Depositor or Servicer in the event of a default, breach or failure of performance on the part of such persons with
respect to any of their duties and obligations under the terms of the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee will not be responsible or liable
for the actions or omissions of the Issuing Entity or the Administrator or any other Person, or any failure or delay in the performance
of their duties or obligations, nor shall it be under any obligation to oversee or monitor their performance.

(p) The
Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to (i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the SOFR Rate
(or the then-current Benchmark), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence
of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement,
or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select,
determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) determine
whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.

(q) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement
as a result of the unavailability of the SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark) and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark,
including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation
the Issuing Entity, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement
and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Owner Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon any determination
made, and any instruction, notice, Officers Certificate or other instrument or information provided by the Administrator, Servicer
or Depositor without independent verification, investigation or inquiry of any kind by the Owner Trustee.

(r) The
Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any interest rate published by any publication that is the source of determining the interest rates
of the Notes, including but not limited to the FRBNYs Website (or any successor source), for any rates compiled by the FRBNY or
any successor thereto, or for any rates published on any publicly available source, or in any of the foregoing cases for any delay, error
or inaccuracy in the publication of any such rates, or for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto.

(s) The
Owner Trustee hereby agrees to cooperate with the Administrator in connection with any regulatory, administrative, governmental, investigative
or other proceeding or inquiry relating in any way to the Trust, its assets or the conduct of its business. In connection therewith,
the Owner Trustee further agrees to comply with any reasonable request made by the Administrator for the delivery of information or documents
in the Owner Trustees actual possession. It shall be the Administrators duty and responsibility, and not the Owner Trustees
duty or responsibility, to cause the Trust to respond to, comply with, defend, participate in or otherwise act in connection with any
regulatory, administrative, governmental, investigative or other proceeding or inquiry relating in any way to the Trust, its assets or
the conduct of its business.

21

Section 7.02 Furnishing
of Documents. The Owner Trustee shall furnish to the Certificateholders promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor, duplicates
or copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and any other instruments furnished to the Owner
Trustee under the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee (i) shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any information provided
to the Certificateholders or any other Person that has been obtained from, or provided to the Owner Trustee, (ii) shall not be required
to investigate or reconfirm the accuracy of any such information and (iii) shall not be liable in any matter whatsoever for any
errors, inaccuracies or incorrect information resulting from the use of such information.

Section 7.03 Representations
and Warranties of the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor, for the benefit of the Certificateholders,
that:

(a) It
is a national banking association duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the United States. It has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) It
has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be
executed and delivered by one of its officers who is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its behalf.

(c) Neither
the execution nor the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance
by it with any of the terms or provisions hereof will (i) contravene any federal or Delaware law, governmental rule or regulation
governing the banking or trust powers of the Owner Trustee or any judgment or order binding on it, (ii) constitute any default under
its charter documents or bylaws, (iii) constitute any default under any indenture, mortgage, contract, agreement or instrument to
which it is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance on the Owner Trust Estate resulting from actions by or claims against the Owner Trustee which are unrelated to this Agreement
or the other Basic Documents.

(d) It
has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement; and the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by
it has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.

(e) This
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Owner Trustee, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law.

22

Section 7.04 [Reserved].

Section 7.05 Reliance;
Advice of Counsel.

(a) The
Owner Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request, consent, order,
judgment, certificate, report, opinion, bond, or other document or paper (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it to
be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Owner Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution
of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted
by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the method of determination of which is not specifically
prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate (the costs of which shall be paid by the party
requesting such action), signed by the president or any vice president or by the treasurer or other authorized officers of an appropriate
Person, as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Owner Trustee for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon. The Owner Trustee need not investigate or re-calculate, evaluate, verify
or independently determine the accuracy of any report, certificate, information, statement, representation or warranty or any fact or
matter stated in any such document and may conclusively rely thereon as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions
expressed therein.

(b) In
the exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder and in the performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement or the
Basic Documents, the Owner Trustee (i) may act directly or through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into with
it, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the conduct or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall
have been selected by the Owner Trustee with reasonable care, and (ii) may consult with counsel, accountants and other skilled Persons
to be selected with reasonable care and employed by it. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted
in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers, in accordance with the opinion or advice of any such
counsel, accountants or other such Persons and not to its knowledge contrary to this Agreement or any Basic Document.

Section 7.06 Not
Acting in Individual Capacity. Except as provided in this Article VII, in accepting the trusts hereby created, Wilmington Trust,
National Association, acts solely as Owner Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all Persons having any claim against
the Owner Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Basic Document shall look only to the Owner Trust
Estate for payment or satisfaction thereof.

Section 7.07 Owner
Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificates or Receivables. The Owner Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency
of this Agreement, of any Basic Document or of the Trust Certificates (other than the signature and countersignature of the Owner Trustee
on the Trust Certificates) or the Notes, or of any Receivable or related documents. The Owner Trustee shall not at any time have any
responsibility or liability for or with respect to the legality, validity and enforceability of any Receivable, or the perfection and
priority of any security interest created by any Receivable in any Financed Vehicle or the maintenance of any such perfection and priority,
or for or with respect to the sufficiency of the Owner Trust Estate or its ability to generate the payments to be distributed to Certificateholders
under this Agreement or the Noteholders under the Indenture, including, without limitation: the existence, condition and ownership of
any Financed Vehicle; the existence and enforceability of any insurance thereon; the existence and contents of any Receivable on any
computer or other record thereof; the validity of the assignment of any Receivable to the Trust or of any intervening assignment; the
completeness of any Receivable; the performance or enforcement of any Receivable; the compliance by the Depositor or the Servicer with
any warranty or representation made under any Basic Document or in any related document or the accuracy of any such warranty or representation,
or any action of the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer or any subservicer taken in the name of the Owner Trustee.

23

Section 7.08 Owner
Trustee May Own Trust Certificates and Notes. The Owner Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner
or pledgee of Trust Certificates or Notes and may deal with the Depositor, the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer
in banking transactions with the same rights as it would have if it were not Owner Trustee.

Section 7.09 Legal
Proceedings. As required by Regulation AB, the Owner Trustee will promptly as practicable notify the Servicer, the Depositor and
the Issuing Entity of the commencement or, if applicable, the termination of any and all legal proceedings of which any property of the
Owner Trustee is the subject, and any such proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities, in each case, that is material
to the Holders of any Notes. In addition, the Owner Trustee will furnish to the Servicer, the Depositor and the Issuing Entity, in writing,
the necessary disclosure describing such proceedings required to be disclosed under Item 1117 of Regulation AB, for inclusion in reports
filed pursuant to the Exchange Act.

Section 7.10 Communications
Regarding Demands to Repurchase Receivables. The Owner Trustee shall provide notice to World Omni and the Depositor, as soon as practicable
and in any event within five Business Days, of all demands communicated to a Reporting Officer of the Owner Trustee for the repurchase
or replacement of any Receivable for breach of the representations and warranties concerning such Receivable. Such notices shall be provided
to World Omni and the Depositor at: (a) in the case of World Omni, World Omni Financial Corp., 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield
Beach, Florida 33442, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer, and (b) in the case of the Depositor, to World Omni Auto Receivables
LLC, 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer, or at such other address
or by such other means of communication as may be specified by World Omni or the Depositor to the Owner Trustee from time to time. The
Owner Trustee acknowledges and agrees that the purpose of this Section 7.10 is to facilitate compliance by World Omni and the Depositor
with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, as amended, and Items 1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB (the Repurchase
Rules and Regulations). The Owner Trustee acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of the Repurchase Rules and
Regulations may change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants
in the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and agrees to cooperate in good faith at the sole cost and expense
of World Omni or the Depositor with any reasonable request made by World Omni or the Depositor for information which is required in order
to enable World Omni or the Depositor to comply with the Repurchase Rules and Regulations. The Owner Trustees reporting is
limited to information delivered to a Reporting Officer of the Owner Trustee that it has received or acquired solely in its capacity
as Owner Trustee and not in any other capacity. The Owner Trustee is not a securitizer (as defined in the Repurchase Rules and Regulations)
and in no event will Wilmington Trust, National Association, (individually or as Owner Trustee) have any responsibility or liability
in connection with (i) the compliance by any Person who is a securitizer (as defined in Rule 15Ga-1) in connection with the
Issuing Entity, or any other Person under the Repurchase Rules and Regulations or (ii) any filing required to be made by a
securitizer under the Repurchase Rules and Regulations in connection with the information provided pursuant to this Section 7.10.
Other than any express duties or responsibilities as Owner Trustee under this Agreement, the Owner Trustee has no duty or obligation
to undertake any investigation or inquiry related to demands for the repurchase or replacement of any Receivable or otherwise to assume
any additional duties or responsibilities in respect of any transaction contemplated in this Agreement, and no such additional obligations
or duties are implied in this Agreement. The Owner Trustee will not have any duty to conduct, and has not conducted, any affirmative
investigation as to the occurrence of any conditions requiring the repurchase or replacement of any Receivable.

24

Section 7.11 Electronic
Communications. The Owner Trustee is hereby authorized, and agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions and directions including
funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to this Trust Agreement and the other Basic Documents
delivered using Electronic Means by persons reasonably believed by the Owner Trustee to be authorized to give such Instructions; provided,
that, the Owner Trustee reserves the right to reject or decline to follow any such Instructions it reasonably believes to be unauthorized
or originating from an unauthorized or compromised source. If the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuing Entity) or Depositor, as applicable,
elects to give the Owner Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means, absent negligence or willful misconduct on its part, the Owner
Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any losses,
costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Owner Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding
such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction; provided, that the Owner Trustee will not be relieved
from liability for its own negligence or willful misconduct. The applicable party providing electronic Instructions agrees: (i) to
assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Owner Trustee, including without limitation
the risk of the Owner Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties and (ii) to
notify the Owner Trustee promptly upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized Instructions. Electronic Means shall
mean the following communications methods: e-mail, facsimile transmission, intralinks, other similar electronic methods, secure electronic
transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Owner Trustee, or another
method or system specified by the Owner Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder or permitted under the
Basic Documents.

25

Article VIII

Compensation of Owner Trustee

Section 8.01 Owner
Trustees Fees and Expenses. The Owner Trustee shall receive as compensation for its services hereunder during the term of
this Agreement such fees as have been separately agreed upon in writing before the date hereof between the Administrator and the Owner
Trustee, and the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for its
other reasonable and documented expenses hereunder, including the reasonable and documented compensation, expenses and disbursements
of such agents, representatives, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection with the exercise and performance
of its rights and its duties hereunder; provided, that reimbursement for expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel to the Owner
Trustee in connection with the Closing Date shall be subject to any limitations separately agreed upon before the date hereof between
the Depositor (or any Affiliate thereof) and the Owner Trustee. The provisions of this Section 8.01 shall survive the resignation
or removal of the Owner Trustee and the termination of this Agreement.

Section 8.02 Indemnification.
Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator shall be liable as primary obligor for, and shall indemnify the Owner Trustee
and its officers, directors, stockholders, employees, successors, assigns, agents and servants (collectively, the Indemnified
Parties) from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, costs, damages, taxes, claims, actions, mediations,
arbitrations and suits, and any and all reasonable and documented costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable and documented
legal fees and expenses and including, without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement
(including any action, claim or suit brought) by the Owner Trustee or any other Indemnified Party of any indemnification or other obligation
of the Administrator) of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses) which may at any time be imposed
on, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Basic Documents,
the Owner Trust Estate, the administration of the Owner Trust Estate or the action or inaction of any Indemnified Party hereunder, except
only that the Administrator shall not be liable for or required to indemnify an Indemnified Party from and against Expenses arising or
resulting from any of the matters described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of the third sentence of Section 7.01.
The indemnities contained in this Section shall survive the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the termination or assignment
of this Agreement. In any event of any claim, action or proceeding for which indemnity is sought pursuant to this Section, the Owner
Trustees choice of legal counsel shall be subject to the approval of the Administrator, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

Section 8.03 Payments
to the Owner Trustee. Any amounts paid to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Article VIII shall be deemed not to be a part of
the Owner Trust Estate simultaneously with such payment.

26

Article IX

Termination of Trust Agreement

Section 9.01 Termination
of Trust Agreement.

(a) The
Trust shall be dissolved immediately prior to the final distribution by the Owner Trustee or Paying Agent of all monies or other property
or proceeds of the Owner Trust Estate in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Article V,
and the Administrator shall wind up the affairs of the Trust in the manner contemplated by Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Act.
The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, death or incapacity of any Certificateholder shall not (x) operate to terminate this Agreement
or the Trust or (y) entitle such Certificateholders legal representatives or heirs to claim an accounting or to take any
action or proceeding in any court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of the Trust or Owner Trust Estate or (z) otherwise
affect the rights, obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto.

(b) Except
as provided in Section 9.01(a), neither the Depositor nor any Certificateholder shall be entitled to revoke or terminate
the Trust.

(c) Notice
of any dissolution of the Trust, specifying the Payment Date upon which Certificateholders shall surrender their Trust Certificates to
the Paying Agent for payment of the final distribution and cancellation, shall be given by the Paying Agent by letter to Certificateholders
transmitted within five Business Days of receipt of actual notice of such termination from the Servicer given pursuant to Section 9.01(b) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, stating (i) the Payment Date upon or with respect to which final payment of the Trust Certificates
shall be made upon presentation and surrender of the Trust Certificates at the office of the Paying Agent therein designated, (ii) the
amount of any such final payment and (iii) that the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Payment Date is not applicable, and,
as a result, payments will be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Trust Certificates by Certificateholders at the office
of the Paying Agent therein specified. The Paying Agent shall give such notice to the Certificate Registrar (if other than the Indenture
Trustee) and the Owner Trustee at the time such notice is given to Certificateholders. Upon presentation and surrender of the Trust Certificates,
the Paying Agent shall cause to be distributed to Certificateholders amounts distributable on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.02.

In the event that all of the
Certificateholders shall not surrender their Trust Certificates for cancellation within six months after the date specified in the above-mentioned
written notice, the Paying Agent shall give a second written notice to the remaining Certificateholders to surrender their Trust Certificates
for cancellation and receive the final distribution with respect thereto. If within one year after the second notice all the Trust Certificates
shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the Owner Trustee or Paying Agent may take appropriate steps, or may appoint an agent
to take appropriate steps, to contact the remaining Certificateholders concerning surrender of their Trust Certificates, and the cost
thereof shall be paid out of the funds and other assets that shall remain subject to this Agreement. Any funds remaining in the Owner
Trust Estate after exhaustion of such remedies shall be distributed by the Paying Agent to the Depositor subject to applicable escheat
laws.

27

(d) Upon
the winding up of the Trust and receipt of written instruction from and at the expense of the Administrator, the Owner Trustee shall
cause the Certificate of Trust to be cancelled by filing a certificate of cancellation (as provided to it) with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware in accordance with the provisions of Section 3810 of the Statutory Trust Act and thereupon the Trust and
this Trust Agreement (other than Article VIII) shall terminate and be of no further force or effect.

Article X

Successor Owner Trustees and Additional
Owner Trustees

Section 10.01 Eligibility
Requirements for Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall at all times be a corporation or other entity satisfying the provisions of
Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Act and it shall at all times be authorized to exercise corporate trust powers; having
a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and having
(or having a parent which has) a long-term rating in any generic rating category which signifies investment grade by each Rating Agency
or a rating otherwise acceptable to each Rating Agency. If such entity shall publish reports of condition at least annually pursuant
to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purpose of this Section, the combined
capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report
of condition so published. In case at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this
Section, the Owner Trustee shall resign promptly in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 10.02.

Section 10.02 Resignation
or Removal of Owner Trustee.

(a) Subject
to paragraph (c) of this Section, the Owner Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged from the trusts hereby created by giving
written notice thereof to the Administrator. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Administrator shall promptly appoint a successor
Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and
one copy to the successor Owner Trustee. If no successor Owner Trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within
30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee, as applicable, may petition (at the expense of the
Depositor (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorneys fees, costs and expenses)) any court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee.

(b) Subject
to paragraph (c) of this Section, if at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions
of Section 10.01 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Administrator, or if at any time the Owner
Trustee shall be legally unable to act, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property
shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose
of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then the Administrator may remove the Owner Trustee. If the Administrator or the Depositor
shall remove the Owner Trustee under the authority of the immediately preceding sentences, the Administrator shall promptly appoint a
successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing Owner Trustee
so removed and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee, and shall pay all fees owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee and one copy to the
Depositor, together with the basis for removal.

28

(c) Any
resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall
not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.03 and payment
of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. The Administrator shall provide notice of such resignation or removal of
the Owner Trustee to each Rating Agency.

Section 10.03 Successor
Owner Trustee. Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 10.02 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the
Administrator and to its predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment under this Agreement, and thereupon the resignation
or removal of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective, and such successor Owner Trustee, without any further act, deed or
conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor under this Agreement, with
like effect as if originally named as Owner Trustee. The predecessor Owner Trustee shall upon payment of its fees and expenses deliver
to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and statements and monies held by it under this Agreement, and the Administrator and the
predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such other things as may reasonably be required for fully
and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor Owner Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.

No successor Owner Trustee
shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner Trustee shall be
eligible pursuant to Section 10.01.

Upon written acceptance of
appointment by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Administrator shall provide notice thereof to all Certificateholders,
the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies. If the Administrator shall fail to provide such notice within 10 Business
Days after acceptance of such appointment by the successor Owner Trustee, the successor Owner Trustee shall cause such notice to be provided
at the expense of the Administrator.

Any successor Owner Trustee
appointed hereunder shall promptly file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
as required by the Statutory Trust Act.

Section 10.04 Merger
or Consolidation of the Owner Trustee. Any corporation or other entity into which the Owner Trustee may be merged or converted or
with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which
the Owner Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust
business of the Owner Trustee, shall be the successor to and assume all obligations of the Owner Trustee, without the execution or filing
of any assignment or other instrument or any further act on the part of such other entity or any of the parties hereto, anything herein
to the contrary notwithstanding; provided, that such corporation or other entity shall be eligible pursuant to Section 10.01
and, provided, further, that the Owner Trustee shall provide prior written notice of such merger, conversion or consolidation
to the Depositor (provided, that if the Owner Trustee shall be a public company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of a public company, no
earlier than at such time as the Owner Trustee or such Affiliate is required to make such information public), who shall promptly deliver
such notice to each Rating Agency. Additionally, the Owner Trustee shall provide the Depositor with written notice of the consummation
of such transaction no later than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of such event, together with the information reasonably
requested by the Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect to a successor Owner
Trustee.

29

Section 10.05 Appointment
of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of (i) meeting
any legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Owner Trust Estate or any Financed Vehicle may at the time be located,
(ii) facilitating enforcement actions and (iii) mitigating conflicts of interest, the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting
jointly shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons approved by the Administrator
and Owner Trustee to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, or as separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part
of the Owner Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person, in such capacity, such title to the Trust or any part thereof and, subject to
the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Administrator and the Owner Trustee
may consider necessary or desirable. If the Administrator shall not have joined in such appointment within 15 days after the receipt
by it of a request so to do, the Owner Trustee alone shall have the power to make such appointment. No co-trustee or separate trustee
under this Agreement shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.01 and
no notice of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required pursuant to Section 10.03.

Each separate trustee and co-trustee
shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(a) All
rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee shall be conferred upon and exercised or performed
by the Owner Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is
not an agent of the Owner Trustee and is not authorized to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in such act), except to the
extent that, under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed, the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent
or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title
to the Owner Trust Estate or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee
or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Owner Trustee;

(b) No
trustee under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and

30

(c) The
Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee
without notice to any Rating Agency or any other Person.

Any notice, request or other
writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively
as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions
of this Article. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates
or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein,
subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of,
affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Owner Trustee. Each such instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee
and a copy thereof given to the Administrator.

Any separate trustee or co-trustee
may at any time appoint the Owner Trustee as its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited
by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee
shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in
and be exercised by the Owner Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor co-trustee or separate
trustee.

Article XI

Miscellaneous

Section 11.01 Supplements
and Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, without the consent of any of the Noteholders
or the Certificateholders, to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision in this Agreement (including to further prevent
or help avoid the application to the Certificates of the Treasury Regulations (or other interpretive guidance) issued under Section 385
of the Code) or for the purpose of adding any provision to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions in this Agreement
or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders. Such amendments require: (i) satisfaction
of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) an Officers Certificate of the Depositor delivered to the Issuing Entity, the Owner
Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder
or Certificateholder.

This Agreement may also be
amended from time to time by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, with the consent of holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding
Amount of the Controlling Securities (unless (i) the interests of the Noteholders are not affected materially and adversely, as
evidenced by an Officers Certificate of the Depositor to that effect delivered to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee
by the Depositor or (ii) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition) and the consent of the Certificateholders evidencing at least
a majority Percentage Interest of the Trust Certificates (unless (i) the interests of the Certificateholders are not affected materially
and adversely and (ii) an Officers Certificate of the Depositor to that effect is delivered to the Owner Trustee by the Depositor),
for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying
in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders; provided, however, that no such amendment
shall (a) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on Receivables
or distributions that shall be required to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders or (b) reduce the
aforesaid percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities and the Percentage Interest in the Trust Certificates required
to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the holders of all the Outstanding Notes and Certificates affected thereby.

31

Promptly after the execution
of any such amendment or consent, the Owner Trustee shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent
to the Administrator and the Administrator shall furnish such notice to each Certificateholder, the Indenture Trustee and each Rating
Agency.

It shall not be necessary for
the consent of Certificateholders, Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form
of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The Indenture Trustee
as Paying Agent and Certificate Registrar may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which adversely affects the
Paying Agents or the Certificate Registrars own rights, duties, benefits, protections, privileges, indemnities or immunities
under this Agreement. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of Certificateholders provided for in this Agreement
or in any other Basic Document) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Certificateholders shall be subject to
such reasonable requirements as the Administrator may prescribe.

Promptly after the execution
of any amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the Owner Trustee shall cause the filing of such amendment with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware.

In connection with the execution
of any amendment to this Agreement or any amendment to any other agreement to which the Issuing Entity is a party, the Owner Trustee
shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such amendment is authorized or permitted
by this Agreement or, as applicable such other agreement, and that all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery thereof by
the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to,
enter into any such amendment that affects the Owner Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

Section 11.02 No
Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate in Certificateholders. The Certificateholders shall not have legal title to any part of the Owner
Trust Estate. The Certificateholders shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect to their undivided ownership interest therein
only in accordance with Articles V and IX. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or interest of the
Certificateholders to and in their ownership interest in the Owner Trust Estate shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the trusts
hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate.

32

Section 11.03 Limitations
on Rights of Others. Except for Section 2.07, the provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee,
the Depositor, the Certificateholders, the Administrator, the Servicer and, to the extent expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee
and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement (other than Section 2.07 hereof), whether express or implied, shall be construed
to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Owner Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement
or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. For all purposes of this Agreement, the rights, privileges, protections,
immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, its rights to be indemnified, under the Indenture,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and
other Person employed to act hereunder.

Section 11.04 Notices.

(a) Unless
otherwise expressly specified or permitted by the terms hereof, all notices shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon receipt
by the intended recipient or on the next Business Day after delivery if delivered by a recognized overnight courier or upon receipt of
written confirmation of receipt of facsimile, if delivered by facsimile (except that notice to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed given
only upon actual receipt by the Owner Trustee), if to the Owner Trustee, addressed to the Corporate Trust Office, if to the Depositor,
addressed to World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, telephone: (954) 429-2200, facsimile:
(954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer; or, as to each party, at such other address or electronic mail address as shall be designated by
such party in a written notice to each other party.

(b) Any
notice required or permitted to be given to a Certificateholder shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at the address of
such Certificateholder as shown in the Certificate Register or at such other address or electronic mail address as shall be designated
by such party. Any notice so mailed or transmitted within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have
been duly given, whether or not the Certificateholder receives such notice.

(c) The
Depositors obligation to deliver or provide any demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction to any Person other than
a Noteholder shall be satisfied by the Depositor making such demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction available at https://via.intralinks.com/,
or such other website or distribution service or provider as the Depositor shall designate by written notice to the other parties.

Section 11.05 Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

33

Section 11.06 Separate
Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Each of the parties agree that this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically signed,
that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other
digital signature provider) appearing on this Agreement or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes
of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement
and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission; provided, however, that any documentation
with respect to transfer of the Certificates or other securities presented to the Certificate Registrar, Indenture Trustee or any
transfer agent must contain original documents with manually executed signatures. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for, and shall
be indemnified and held harmless pursuant to Section 8.02 of this Agreement against any loss, liability or expense arising out of
the use of electronic or digital signatures and electronic methods of submission with respect to this Agreement, the Basic Documents
and any documents or notices delivered to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement or the related documents, including the risk of
the Owner Trustee acting on any unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 11.07 Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements contained herein shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, each of the Depositor
and its permitted assignees, the Owner Trustee and its successors, and each Certificateholder and its successors and permitted assigns,
all as herein provided. Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or action by a Certificateholder shall bind
the successors and assigns of such Certificateholder.

Section 11.08 Covenants
of the Depositor. In the event that any Certificateholder commences any litigation with claims in excess of $1,000,000 to which the
Depositor is a party which in the judgment of counsel to the Depositor who may be an employee of the Depositor, shall be reasonably likely
to result in a material judgment against the Depositor that the Depositor will not be able to satisfy, during the period beginning nine
months following the commencement of such litigation and continuing until such litigation is dismissed or otherwise terminated (and,
if such litigation has resulted in a final judgment against the Depositor, such judgment has been satisfied), the Depositor shall not
pay any dividend to World Omni, or make any distribution to World Omni, or repay the principal amount of any indebtedness of the Depositor
held by World Omni, unless (i) after giving effect to such dividend, distribution or repayment, the Depositors liquid assets
shall not be less than the amount of actual damages claimed in such litigation that are reasonably likely to equal the amount of the
judgment, if any, against the Depositor or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to any such dividend,
distribution or repayment. The Depositor will not at any time institute against the Trust any bankruptcy proceedings under any United
States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Trust Certificates, the Notes, the
Trust Agreement or any of the Basic Documents.

Section 11.09 No
Petition. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Owner Trustee, by entering into this Agreement, each Certificateholder,
by accepting a Trust Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement, hereby
covenant and agree that they will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the Trust, or join in any institution against the
Depositor or the Trust of, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings
under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Trust Certificates,
the Notes, this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents.

34

Section 11.10 No
Recourse. Each Certificateholder by accepting a Trust Certificate acknowledges that such Certificateholders Trust Certificates
represent beneficial interests in the Trust only and do not represent interests in or obligations of the Depositor, the Servicer, the
Administrator, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate thereof and no recourse may be had against such parties or their
assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated in this Agreement, the Trust Certificates or the Basic Documents to which
such parties are a party.

In the event that a Certificateholder
(other than the Depositor) is deemed, under applicable law by any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction, to have an interest
in any assets of the Depositor or any Affiliate of the Depositor other than the beneficial interest in the Trust (other assets),
the parties to this Agreement and the Certificateholders acknowledge and agree that: (i) such Certificateholders Certificate
represents an undivided beneficial interest in the assets of the Trust and the Trust Estate only, (ii) any such Certificateholders
claim against any other assets shall be, and hereby is, subject and subordinate in all respects to the rights of other Persons to whom
rights in the other assets have been expressly granted (entitled Persons), including to the payment in full of all
amounts owing to such entitled Persons, and (iii) the covenant set forth in the preceding clause (ii) constitutes a subordination
agreement within the meaning of, and subject to, Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 11.11 Headings.
The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the
terms or provisions hereof.

Section 11.12 GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE
CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SUCH LAWS; provided, however, that there shall not be applicable to the parties hereunder or this Agreement any provision of the laws
(common or statutory) of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts that relate to or regulate, in a manner inconsistent with the terms
hereof, (a) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges,
(b) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (c) the necessity for obtaining
court or other governmental approval concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (d) fees or
other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (e) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income
or principal, (f) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements
relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding or investing trust assets or (g) the establishment of fiduciary or other
standards of responsibility or limitations on the acts or powers of trustees that are inconsistent with the limitations or authorities
and powers of the Owner Trustee hereunder as set forth or referenced in this Agreement. Section 3540 of Title 12 of the Delaware
Code shall not apply to the Trust.

35

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, each of the parties to this agreement and each Certificateholder by its acceptance thereof, hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the Certificates or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO,
AND EACH CERTIFICATEHOLDER BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY
AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE CERTIFICATES OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Section 11.13 Compliance
with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. The parties hereto and each Certificateholder acknowledge that
in accordance with the requirements of Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent and Certificate Registrar,
in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, are required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies
each Person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Certificate
Registrar. Each party hereto and each Certificateholder by its acceptance of a Trust Certificate agrees that it shall provide the Owner
Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Certificate Registrar with such information as may be reasonably available to such party as the Owner
Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Certificate Registrar may reasonably request that will help the Owner Trustee, the Paying Agent and
the Certificate Registrar to identify and verify each partys identity, including without limitation each partys name, physical
address, tax identification number, organizational documents, certificates of good standing, licenses to do business or other pertinent
identifying information (including beneficial owners of such entities). To the fullest extent permitted by such Applicable Anti-Money
Laundering Law, the Owner Trustee, Paying Agent and Certificate Registrar, in the absence of bad faith on the part of such party, may
conclusively rely on, and shall be fully protected and indemnified in relying on, any such information received. Failure to provide such
information may result in an inability of the Owner Trustee, Paying Agent or Certificate Registrar to perform their respective obligations
hereunder, which, at sole option of such party, may result in the Owner Trustees, Paying Agents or Certificate Registrars
resignation, subject in all respects to the resignation and removal provisions and terms herein and any other provision applicable to
such party under the other Basic Documents. In addition to the Owner Trustee's obligations under Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law,
the Corporate Transparency Act (31 U.S.C 5336) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the CTA and together
with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, AML Law), may require the Trust to file reports with the U.S. Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network. It shall be the Depositors and Administrators duty and not the Owner Trustees, the Paying Agent's,
the Indenture Trustees or the Certificate Registrars duty to prepare such filings, cause the Trust to make such filings,
and to cause the Trust to comply with its obligations under the CTA, if any. The parties hereto acknowledge that the Owner Trustee acts
solely as a directed trustee at the direction of the Certificateholders, Servicer and Administrator, as applicable, hereunder and acknowledge
and agree that, for purposes of AML Law, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Certificateholders are and shall be deemed to be
the sole direct owners of the Trust, and that one or more Controlling Parties of the Certificateholders, are and shall deemed to be the
persons with the power and authority to exercise substantial control over the Trust.

36

Article XII

COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB

Section 12.01 Intent
of the Parties; Reasonableness. The Depositor and the Owner Trustee acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Article XII
is to facilitate compliance by the Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and the related rules and regulations of the Commission.
The Depositor shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than
in good faith, or for purposes other than the Depositors compliance with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of disclosure comparable to that required under the
Securities Act). The Owner Trustee agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Depositor and shall deliver (and cause each of its Reporting
Subcontractors, if any, to deliver) to the Depositor any information reasonably requested by the Depositor regarding the Owner Trustee
which is required in order to enable the Depositor to comply with the provisions of Items 1109(a), 1109(b), 1117 and 1119 of Regulation
AB or any of its other Exchange Act reporting obligations as it relates to the Owner Trustee or to the Owner Trustees obligations
under this Agreement (including with respect to any of its successors or predecessors; provided, however, that this parenthetical shall
apply only to the successors or predecessors of the Owner Trustee contemplated by Section 10.04 hereof). The obligations of the
Owner Trustee to provide such information shall survive the removal or resignation of the Owner Trustee hereunder.

Section 12.02 Information
to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall (i) on or before the fifth Business Day following a written request
of the Depositor, provide to the Depositor, in writing, such information regarding the Owner Trustee as is requested for the purpose
of compliance with Item 1117 of Regulation AB, and (ii) pursuant to Section 7.09 hereof as promptly as practicable following
notice to or discovery by the Owner Trustee of any changes to such information, provide to the Depositor, in writing, updated information
necessary for compliance with Item 1117 of Regulation AB.

The Owner Trustee shall (i) on
or before the fifth Business Day following a written request of the Depositor in connection with the preparation of any required quarterly
or annual report, provide to the Depositor such information regarding the Owner Trustee as is requested for the purpose of compliance
with Items 1109(a), 1109(b) and 1119 of Regulation AB, and (ii) as promptly as practicable following notice to or discovery
by the Owner Trustee of any changes to such information, provide to the Depositor, in writing, updated information. Such information
shall include, at a minimum:

(a) the
Owner Trustees name and form of organization;

(b) a
description of the extent to which the Owner Trustee has had prior experience serving as a trustee for asset-backed securities transactions
involving receivables of the same type as the Receivables;

37

(c) a
description of any affiliation between the Owner Trustee and any of the following parties to a Securitization Transaction, as such parties
are identified to the Owner Trustee by the Depositor in writing in advance of such Securitization Transaction:

(i) the
sponsor;

(ii) any
depositor;

(iii) the
issuing entity;

(iv) any
servicer;

(v) any
trustee;

(vi) any
originator;

(vii) any
significant obligor;

(viii) any
enhancement or support provider, including any swap or cap counterparty;

(ix) any
asset representations reviewer; and

(x) any
other material transaction party.

In connection with the above-listed parties,
a description of whether there is, and if so the general character of, any business relationship, agreement, arrangement, transaction
or understanding that is entered into outside the ordinary course of business or is on terms other than would be obtained in an arms
length transaction with an unrelated third party, apart from the asset-backed securities transaction, that currently exists or that existed
during the past two years and that is material to an investors understanding of the asset-backed securities.

* * * * * *

38

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Trust Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized, as of the day and
year first above written.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor

By: /s/ Claude S. Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

WILMINGTON TRUST,
National Association, not in its individual capacity,
but solely as Owner Trustee,

By: /s/ Bruce C. Wandersee

Name: Bruce C. Wandersee

Title: Vice President

U.S.
BAnk Trust Company, National Association, acknowledges and accepts, as of the date first above written, its appointment as Paying
Agent and Certificate Registrar in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement
applicable to the Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Certificate Registrar.

By: /s/ Christopher J. Nuxoll 

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll 

Title: Vice President 

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TRUST CERTIFICATE

THIS CERTIFICATE IS SUBORDINATED TO THE NOTES,
AS AND TO THE EXTENT SET FORTH IN THE SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT.

THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY
STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS CERTIFICATE THE HOLDER HEREOF IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT
TO THE DEPOSITOR AND THE OWNER TRUSTEE (i) THAT IT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR
(7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE 1933 ACT (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR) AND THAT IT IS ACQUIRING THIS CERTIFICATE
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE ACCREDITED INVESTORS
UNLESS THE HOLDER IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY CAPACITY) FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION
WITH, THE PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION HEREOF, (ii) THAT IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER
THE 1933 ACT (A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER) AND IS ACQUIRING SUCH CERTIFICATE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT
OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) OR (iii) THAT IT IS AN INVESTOR
THAT IS OTHERWISE PERMITTED TO ACQUIRE THIS CERTIFICATE UNDER THE TRUST AGREEMENT.

NO SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE
MAY BE MADE BY ANY PERSON UNLESS EITHER (i) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS MADE TO THE DEPOSITOR, (ii) SUCH SALE,
PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS MADE TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE
TRUST AGREEMENT, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS
A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE ACCREDITED INVESTORS UNLESS THE HOLDER IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY CAPACITY),
(iii) SO LONG AS THIS CERTIFICATE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE 1933 ACT, SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER
IS MADE TO A PERSON WHO THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEROR REASONABLY BELIEVES AFTER DUE INQUIRY IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, ACTING FOR
ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (iv) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE
OR OTHER TRANSFER IS OTHERWISE MADE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT, IN WHICH CASE THE
OWNER TRUSTEE SHALL REQUIRE THAT BOTH THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEROR AND THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEREE CERTIFY TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE
DEPOSITOR IN WRITING THE FACTS SURROUNDING SUCH TRANSFER, WHICH CERTIFICATION SHALL BE IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE
OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE DEPOSITOR. EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF A TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (i) OR (iii) ABOVE, THE OWNER TRUSTEE,
THE DEPOSITOR AND THE CERTIFICATE REGISTRAR SHALL REQUIRE A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH SHALL NOT BE AT THE EXPENSE OF THE DEPOSITOR,
ANY AFFILIATE OF THE DEPOSITOR OR THE OWNER TRUSTEE) SATISFACTORY TO THE DEPOSITOR AND THE OWNER TRUSTEE TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER
WILL NOT VIOLATE THE 1933 ACT.

Ex. A-1

EACH SECURITYHOLDER, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
SECURITY, COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT SUCH SECURITYHOLDER, SHALL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR AND ONE DAY AFTER THE TERMINATION
OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT, ACQUIESCE, PETITION OR OTHERWISE INVOKE OR CAUSE THE TRUST OR THE DEPOSITOR TO INVOKE THE PROCESS OF ANY COURT
OR GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY FOR THE PURPOSE OF COMMENCING OR SUSTAINING AN INVOLUNTARY CASE AGAINST THE TRUST OR THE DEPOSITOR UNDER ANY
FEDERAL OR STATE BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY, REORGANIZATION OR SIMILAR LAW, OR APPOINTING A RECEIVER, LIQUIDATOR, ASSIGNEE, TRUSTEE,
CUSTODIAN, SEQUESTRATOR OR OTHER SIMILAR OFFICIAL OF THE TRUST OR THE DEPOSITOR OR ANY SUBSTANTIAL PART OF ITS PROPERTY, OR ORDERING
THE WINDING UP OR LIQUIDATION OF THE AFFAIRS OF THE TRUST OR THE DEPOSITOR.

No transfer
of this Certificate (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) shall be made to any Person unless the Certificate Registrar has received a certificate
in the form of paragraph 3 to the Investment Letter attached to the trust agreement as Exhibit D from such Person to the
effect that such Person is not AND WILL NOT BE AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF OR ACQUIRING THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN)
WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY PERSON THAT IS OR WILL BE (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of the
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a
plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the internal revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code) that is subject to Section 4975 of the code, (iii) any entity OR ACCOUNT deemed
to hold assets of the foregoing or (iv) any PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT that is subject to any law that is substantially similar to tITLE
i of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law). The preparation and delivery of the certificate referred
to above with respect to a proposed transfer shall not be an expense of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar,
the Indenture Trustee, World Omni (in any capacity) or the Depositor. Any attempted or purported transfer in violation of these transfer
restrictions will be null and void and will vest no rights in any purported transferee.

Ex. A-2

THIS CERTIFICATE WILL NOT BE REGISTERED FOR TRANSFER
UNLESS THE CERTIFICATE REGISTRAR RECEIVES (A) A CERTIFICATION FROM THE TRANSFEREE OF SUCH CERTIFICATE TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFEREE
IS A UNITED STATES PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE AND (B) THE OWNER TRUSTEE, THE
CERTIFICATE REGISTRAR, THE DEPOSITOR AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL IS INDEPENDENT
FROM THE DEPOSITOR AND THE TRUST) THAT SUCH ACTION SHALL NOT CAUSE THE TRUST TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION (OR PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIP), IN
EITHER CASE, TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND SUCH TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE SHALL AGREE TO TAKE POSITIONS
FOR TAX PURPOSES CONSISTENT WITH THE TAX POSITIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.06 OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT AS AGREED TO BE TAKEN
BY THE CERTIFICATEHOLDER.

NO.:

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A TRUST
CERTIFICATE

evidencing a fractional undivided beneficial
interest in the Trust, as defined below, the property which consists of retail installment sale contracts for new and used automobiles
and light-duty trucks (transferred to the Trust on the Closing Date (the Receivables), all monies received on or
after the Cutoff Date; any proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability, theft,
mechanical breakdown or guaranteed auto protection insurance policies relating to Financed Vehicles or Obligors; any Financed
Vehicle that shall have secured a Receivable and shall have been acquired by or on behalf of the Depositor, the Servicer, or the Trust;
the Receivables Purchase Agreement; the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the right of the Depositor to cause World Omni to purchase
Receivables under certain circumstances; the Trust Accounts; and certain other rights under the Trust Agreement and Sale and Servicing
Agreement and all proceeds of the foregoing (but excluding the Notes and Trust Certificates).

THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN
INTEREST IN OR OBLIGATION OF WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP. OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES.

THIS CERTIFIES THAT ________________
is the registered owner of ___% nonassessable, fully-paid, fractional undivided beneficial interest in World Omni Auto Receivables Trust
2025-A (the Trust), formed by World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor).

Ex. A-3

OWNER TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Trust Certificates referred
to in the within-mentioned Trust Agreement.

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee OR WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Authenticating Agent

By: By: 

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

Ex. A-1

The Trust was created pursuant
to a Trust Agreement dated November 21, 2024 (as amended and restated on January 29, 2025, and as may be amended, restated
or supplemented from time to time, the Trust Agreement), between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National Association,
as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth below.
To the extent not otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement
or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Sale
and Servicing Agreement), among the Trust, the Depositor, World Omni Financial Corp., as servicer (the Servicer),
and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank (the Account Bank), as applicable.

This Certificate is one of
the duly authorized Certificates designated as Trust Certificates (herein called the Trust Certificates).
Also issued under an Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, and the Account Bank, are the Notes designated as Asset-Backed Notes
(the Notes). This Trust Certificate is issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the
Trust Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the Certificateholder of this Trust Certificate by virtue of its acceptance hereof assents
and by which such Certificateholder is bound. The property of the Trust consists of retail installment sale contracts for new and used
automobiles and light-duty trucks transferred to the Trust on the Closing Date (the Receivables), all monies received
after the Cutoff Date; any proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability, theft,
mechanical breakdown or guaranteed auto protection insurance policies relating to Financed Vehicles or Obligors; any Financed
Vehicle that shall have secured a Receivable and shall have been acquired by or on behalf of the Depositor, the Servicer, or the Trust;
the Receivables Purchase Agreement; the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the right of the Depositor to cause World Omni to purchase
Receivables under certain circumstances; the Trust Accounts; and certain other rights under the Trust Agreement and Sale and Servicing
Agreement and all proceeds of the foregoing (but excluding the Notes and Trust Certificates). The rights of the Certificateholders are
subordinated to the rights of the Noteholders, as and to the extent set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture.

Under the Trust Agreement,
there will be distributed on the 15th of each month of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following
Business Day (each, a Payment Date), commencing on February 18, 2025, to the Person in whose name this Trust
Certificate is registered at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date (the Record
Date), such Certificateholders fractional undivided interest in the amount to be distributed to Certificateholders
on such Payment Date. No distributions will be made on any Certificate on any Payment Date until the full amount of interest and principal
payable on the Notes on such Payment Date has been paid in full and the Reserve Account has been replenished to its required amount,
if necessary.

The Certificateholder of this
Trust Certificate acknowledges and agrees that its rights to receive distributions in respect of this Trust Certificate are subordinated
to the rights of the Noteholders as described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture.

Ex. A-2

It is the intention of the
Depositor, the Servicer and the Certificateholders that, solely for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes,
(a) so long as the Trust has only one Certificateholder, the Trust will be disregarded as a separate entity and (b) at such
time as the Trust has more than one Certificateholder, the Trust will be treated as a partnership. Neither the Servicer nor the Depositor
or any Certificateholder will take any action to the contrary.

Each Certificateholder, by
its acceptance of a Trust Certificate, covenants and agrees that such Certificateholder will not at any time institute against the Depositor,
or join in any institution against the Depositor of, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation
proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations
relating to the Trust Certificates, the Notes, the Trust Agreement or any of the Basic Documents.

Distributions on this Trust
Certificate will be made as provided in the Trust Agreement by the Paying Agent by wire transfer or check mailed to the Certificateholder
without the presentation or surrender of this Trust Certificate or the making of any notation hereon. Except as otherwise provided in
the Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final distribution on this Trust Certificate will be made after due notice by
the Owner Trustee or Paying Agent of the pendency of such distribution and only upon presentation and surrender of this Trust Certificate
at the office or agency maintained for that purpose by the Owner Trustee.

Reference is hereby made to
the further provisions of this Trust Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have
the same effect as if set forth at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication
hereon shall have been executed by an Authorized Officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Trust Certificate shall not
entitle the Certificateholder hereof to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement or be valid for any
purpose.

THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS,
AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Ex. A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner
Trustee, on behalf of the Trust and not in its individual capacity, has caused this Trust Certificate to be duly executed.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

Dated: By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. A-4

[REVERSE OF TRUST CERTIFICATE]

The Trust Certificates do not
represent an obligation of, or an interest in, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, or any affiliates of any of them and no
recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as expressly set forth or contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement
or the Basic Documents. In addition, this Trust Certificate is not guaranteed by any governmental agency or instrumentality and is limited
in right of payment to certain collections and recoveries with respect to the Receivables (and certain other amounts), all as more specifically
set forth herein and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. A copy of each of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement
may be examined by any Certificateholder upon written request during normal business hours at the principal office of the Depositor and
at such other places, if any, designated by the Depositor.

The Trust Agreement permits,
with certain exceptions therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Depositor and
the rights of the Certificateholders under the Trust Agreement at any time by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee with the consent of
the Certificateholders of at least a majority Percentage Interest in the Trust Certificates and holders of at least a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities. Any such consent by the Certificateholder of this Trust Certificate shall be conclusive
and binding on such Certificateholder and on all future Certificateholders of this Trust Certificate and of any Trust Certificate issued
upon the transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent is made upon this Trust Certificate.
The Trust Agreement also permits the amendment thereof, in certain limited circumstances, without the consent of the Certificateholders
of any of the Trust Certificates.

As provided in the Trust Agreement
and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Trust Certificate is registerable in the Certificate Register
upon surrender of this Trust Certificate for registration of transfer at the offices or agencies of the Certificate Registrar maintained
by the Indenture Trustee, accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate
Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder hereof or such Certificateholders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon
one or more new Trust Certificates of authorized denominations evidencing the same aggregate interest in the Trust will be issued to
the designated transferee. The initial Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust Agreement is U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association.

Except as provided in the Trust
Agreement, the Trust Certificates shall be issued in a 100% Percentage Interest. As provided in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, Trust Certificates are exchangeable for new Trust Certificates of authorized denominations evidencing
the same aggregate denomination, as requested by the Certificateholder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for any
such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection therewith.

The Owner Trustee, the Certificate
Registrar and any agent of the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may treat the Person in whose name this Certificate is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any such agent shall be affected by
any notice to the contrary.

Ex. A-5

The obligations and responsibilities
created by the Trust Agreement and the Trust created thereby shall terminate upon the payment to Certificateholders of all amounts required
to be paid to them pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the disposition of all property held as part
of the Owner Trust Estate. The Servicer may at its option purchase the Owner Trust Estate at a price specified in the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, and such purchase of the Receivables and other property of the Trust will effect early retirement of the Notes and the Trust
Certificates; however, such right of purchase is exercisable only as of the last day of any Collection Period as of which the
Pool Balance is 10% or less of the Aggregate Starting Principal Balance of all Receivables transferred to the Trust.

Ex. A-6

ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

(Please print or type name and address, including
postal zip code, of assignee)

the within Trust Certificate, and all rights
thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ________________________, attorney, to transfer said Trust Certificate on
the books of the Certificate Registrar, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:

* /

Signature Guaranteed: 

* /

*/ NOTICE: The signature to this assignment
must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Trust Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement
or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by a member firm of the New York Stock Exchange or a commercial bank or trust
company.

Ex. A-7

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE OF TRUST OF

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

THIS Certificate of Trust
of WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A (the Trust), is being duly executed and filed by the undersigned, not
in its individual capacity but solely as trustee, to form a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Del. C.
3801 et seq.) (the Act).

1. Name.
The name of the statutory trust formed hereby is World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A.

2. Delaware
Trustee. The name and business address of the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware are Wilmington Trust, National Association,
1100 North Market Street, Rodney Square North, Wilmington, Delaware 19890.

3. Effective
Date. This Certificate of Trust shall be effective upon filing.

* * * * *

Ex. B-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned,
being the sole trustee of the Trust, has executed this Certificate of Trust in accordance with Section 3811(a) of the Act.

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. B-2

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF TRANSFEROR CERTIFICATE

[DATE]

World Omni Auto Receivables LLC

250 Jim Moran Boulevard

Deerfield Beach, FL 33442

Wilmington Trust, National Association

as Owner Trustee of World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market Street

Wilmington, DE 19890-0001

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Certificate Registrar
and Paying Agent

190 South LaSalle Street

7th Floor

Chicago, IL 60603

Attention: Corporate Trust Services, WOART 2025-A

Re: World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A

Trust Certificates

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with our disposition
of the above-referenced Trust Certificates (the Certificates) we certify that (a) we understand that the Certificates
have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), and are being transferred by us
in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act and (b) we have not offered or sold any Certificates
to, or solicited offers to buy any Certificates from, any person, or otherwise approached or negotiated with any person with respect
thereto, in a manner that would be deemed, or taken any other action which would result in, a violation of Section 5 of the Act.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEROR]

By: 

Authorized Officer

Ex. C-1

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF INVESTMENT LETTER

World Omni Auto Receivables LLC

250 Jim Moran Boulevard

Deerfield Beach, FL 33442

Wilmington Trust, National Association

as Owner Trustee of World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market Street

Wilmington, DE 19890-0001

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Certificate Registrar
and Paying Agent

190 South LaSalle Street

7th Floor

Chicago, IL 60603

Attention: Corporate Trust Services, WOART 2025-A

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with our proposed
purchase of Trust Certificates (the Certificates) of World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A (the Issuing
Entity), we confirm that:

1. We
understand that the Certificates have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act),
and may not be sold except as permitted in the following sentence. We understand and agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts
for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, (x) that such Certificates are being offered only in a transaction not involving
any public offering within the meaning of the 1933 Act and (y) that such Certificates may be resold, pledged or transferred only
(i) to the Depositor, (ii) to an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),(2),(3) or (7) of
Regulation D under the 1933 Act (an Accredited Investor) acting for its own account (and not for the account of
others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are Accredited Investors unless the holder is a bank acting in its fiduciary
capacity) that executes a certificate substantially in the form hereof, (iii) so long as such Certificate is eligible for resale
pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act (Rule 144A), to a person whom we reasonably believe after due
inquiry is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A, acting for its own account (and not for the account
of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified institutional buyers) to whom
notice is given that the resale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (iv) in a sale, pledge or other
transfer made in a transaction otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act, in which case the Owner Trustee shall
require that both the prospective transferor and the prospective transferee certify to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor in writing
the facts surrounding such transfer, which certification shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor.
Except in the case of a transfer described in clauses (i) or (iii) above, the Owner Trustee shall require that a written opinion
of counsel (which will not be at the expense of the Depositor, any affiliate of the Depositor or the Owner Trustee) satisfactory to the
Depositor and the Owner Trustee be delivered to the Depositor and the Owner Trustee to the effect that such transfer will not violate
the 1933 Act, and will be effected in accordance with any applicable securities laws of each state of the United States. We will notify
any purchaser of the Certificates from us of the above resale restrictions, if then applicable. We further understand that in connection
with any transfer of the Certificates by us that the Depositor and the Owner Trustee may request, and if so requested we will furnish,
such certificates and other information as they may reasonably require to confirm that any such transfer complies with the foregoing
restrictions.

Ex. D-1

2. [CHECK
ONE]

(a)We
are an Accredited Investor acting for our own account (and not for the account of others)
or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are Accredited Investors unless
we are a bank acting in its fiduciary capacity). We have such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our
investment in the Certificates, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each
able to bear the economic risk of our or their investment for an indefinite period of time.
We are acquiring the Certificates for investment and not with a view to, or for offer and
sale in connection with, a public distribution.

(b)We
are a qualified institutional buyer as defined under Rule 144A under the
1933 Act and are acquiring the Certificates for our own account (and not for the account
of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others also are qualified
institutional buyers). We are familiar with Rule 144A under the 1933 Act and
are aware that the seller of the Certificates and other parties intend to rely on the statements
made herein and the exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act provided
by Rule 144A.

3. We
are not and will not be and are not acting on behalf of or acquiring the Certificates (or any interest therein) with the assets of any
person that is or will be (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan
described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) that is subject
to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any entity or account deemed to hold assets of the foregoing or (iv) any plan or arrangement
that is subject to any law that is substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law).
We hereby acknowledge that no transfer of any Certificate shall be permitted to be made to any person unless the Owner Trustee has received
a certificate from such transferee to the effect of the preceding sentence.

4. We
are a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), and acknowledge that unless the
Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall have received an opinion of counsel (which counsel is independent from the Depositor and
the Trust) that such action shall not cause the Trust to be treated as an association (or publicly traded partnership), in either case,
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no purchase of any Certificate shall be permitted to be made to any person
who is not a United States person and any such purported purchase or transfer in violation of these restrictions shall be null and void.

Ex. D-2

5. We
understand that the Depositor, the Trust and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations
and agreements, and we agree that if any of the acknowledgments, representations and warranties deemed to have been made by us by our
purchase of the Certificates, for our own account or for one or more accounts as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion,
are no longer accurate, we shall promptly notify the Depositor.

6. You
are entitled to rely upon this letter and you are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF PURCHASER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: 

Ex. D-3

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF RECEIVABLES

Documents on file at:

Kirkland & Ellis LLP

4550 Travis Street

Dallas, TX 75205

Ex. E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

RECEIVABLES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and between

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.

and

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC

Dated as of January 29, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page No.

Article I
Certain Definitions 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Article II
Conveyance of Receivables 2

Section 2.01 Conveyance of Receivables 2

Section 2.02 Purchase Price 2

Section 2.03 Intention of Parties 3

Section 2.04 The Closing 3

Article III
Representations and Warranties 3

Section 3.01 Representations and Warranties
of WOAR 3

Section 3.02 Representations and Warranties
of World Omni 4

Article IV
Conditions 5

Section 4.01 Conditions to Obligation
of WOAR 5

Section 4.02 Conditions to Obligation
of World Omni 6

Article V
Covenants of World Omni 7

Section 5.01 Protection of Right, Title
and Interest 7

Section 5.02 Other Liens or Interests 7

Section 5.03 Indemnification 8

Section 5.04 Access to Records 8

Section 5.05 Credit Risk Retention 8

Article VI
Miscellaneous Provisions 9

Section 6.01 Obligations of World Omni 9

Section 6.02 Repurchase Events; Dispute
Resolution 9

Section 6.03 WOAR Assignment of Repurchased
Receivables 9

Section 6.04 The Trust 9

Section 6.05 Amendment 9

Section 6.06 Accountants Letters 10

Section 6.07 Waivers 10

Section 6.08 Notices 10

Section 6.09 Costs and Expenses 11

Section 6.10 Representations of World
Omni and WOAR 11

Section 6.11 Confidential Information 11

Section 6.12 Headings and Cross-references 11

Section 6.13 GOVERNING LAW 11

Section 6.14 Counterparts; Electronic
Signatures 11

EXHIBIT A Form of RPA Assignment

SCHEDULE I Schedule of Receivables

i

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
dated as of January 29, 2025 is between World Omni Financial Corp., a Florida corporation (World Omni), and
World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (WOAR).

WHEREAS, in the regular course
of its business, World Omni has originated and purchased from motor vehicle dealers certain motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts
secured by new and used automobiles and light-duty trucks;

WHEREAS, WOAR wishes to purchase
on the date hereof certain Receivables and to transfer such Receivables to World Omni Auto Receivables Trust 2025-A (the Trust),
which will issue and transfer to WOAR the $241,400,000 Class A-1 4.411% Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class A-1
Notes), the $309,760,000 Class A-2a 4.49% Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class A-2a Notes),
the $110,000,000 Class A-2b Floating Rate Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class A-2b Notes
and, together with the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2 Notes), the $419,760,000 Class A-3 4.73% Asset-Backed
Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class A-3 Notes), the $89,300,000 Class A-4 4.86% Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A
(the Class A-4 Notes), the $36,760,000 Class B 5.08% Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class B
Notes) and the $18,380,000 Class C 5.17% Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2025-A (the Class C Notes
and, together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B
Notes, the Notes), with the interest and principal payments on the Notes to be secured by the Receivables, and issue
and transfer to WOAR the Certificates representing fractional undivided interests in the property of the Trust including the Receivables,
subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders;

WHEREAS, World Omni has agreed
to make certain representations and warranties relating to the Receivables and to pay certain expenses and amounts with respect hereto;
and

WHEREAS, World Omni and WOAR
wish to set forth the terms pursuant to which World Omni will sell the Receivables to WOAR.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, other good and valuable consideration and the mutual terms and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

Article I

Certain Definitions

Section 1.01 Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings assigned them in Part I
of Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement),
among the Trust, as Issuing Entity, WOAR, as Depositor, World Omni, as Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank,
as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. All references herein to the Agreement or this
Agreement are to this Receivables Purchase Agreement as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, the exhibits
hereto and the capitalized terms used herein which are defined in such Appendix A, and all references herein to Articles, Sections
and subsections are to Articles, Sections or subsections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The rules of construction
set forth in Part II of such Appendix A shall be applicable to this Agreement.

Article II

Conveyance of Receivables

Section 2.01 Conveyance
of Receivables. In consideration of WOARs delivery to or upon the order of World Omni of the Purchase Price (as defined in
Section 2.02 below), World Omni does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to WOAR, without recourse
(subject to the obligations of World Omni herein), on the Closing Date (the Purchase Date) pursuant to a written
assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit A (the RPA Assignment), all right, title and interest
of World Omni, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and wherever located, in and to the following (but none of the obligations of
World Omni with respect to):

(a) the
Receivables identified in the Schedule of Receivables to the RPA Assignment (all of which are identified in World Omnis computer
files by a code indicating the Receivables are owned by the Trust and pledged to the Indenture Trustee) and all monies received thereon
after the Cutoff Date;

(b) the
security interests in, and the liens on, the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors in connection with the Receivables identified in the
RPA Assignment and any other interest of World Omni in the Financed Vehicles;

(c) any
proceeds with respect to the Receivables identified in the RPA Assignment from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability
insurance policies covering the Financed Vehicles or Obligors;

(d) any
Financed Vehicle that shall have secured a Receivable identified in the RPA Assignment and shall have been acquired by or on behalf of
World Omni, WOAR, or, upon the assignment contemplated by the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer or the Trust;

(e) all
accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles and promissory notes (as such terms
are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect) constituting or relating to the foregoing; and

(f) the
proceeds of any and all of the foregoing; provided, however, that the foregoing items (a) through (f) shall
not include the Purchase Price.

Section 2.02 Purchase
Price. In consideration for the purchase of the Receivables and related assets pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof, WOAR
shall pay to World Omni on the Closing Date an amount equal to the aggregate Starting Principal Balances for such Receivables (with respect
to such Receivables, the Purchase Price) and World Omni shall execute and deliver to WOAR the RPA Assignment with
respect to such Receivables and related assets. On the Closing Date, a portion of such Purchase Price payable on such date equal to approximately
$1,219,746,864.42 shall be paid to World Omni in immediately available funds and the balance of the Purchase Price ($85,926,235.87) shall
be recorded as a capital contribution to WOAR from World Omni.

2

Section 2.03 Intention
of Parties. It is the intention of World Omni and WOAR that the assignment and transfer contemplated herein and by the RPA Assignment
shall constitute (and shall be construed and treated for all purposes, other than for tax purposes, as) a true and complete sale of the
Receivables identified in the RPA Assignment and other property specified in Section 2.01 hereof, conveying good title thereto
free and clear of any liens and encumbrances, from World Omni to WOAR. However, in the event that such conveyance is deemed to be a pledge
to secure a loan (in spite of the express intent of the parties hereto that such conveyance constitutes, and shall be construed and treated
for all purposes, other than for tax purposes, as a true and complete sale), World Omni hereby grants to WOAR a first priority perfected
security interest in all of World Omnis right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables identified in the RPA Assignment
and other property specified in Section 2.01 hereof whether now existing or hereafter created to secure the loan deemed to
be made in connection with such pledge and, in such event, this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law.

Section 2.04 The
Closing. The sale and purchase of the Receivables shall take place at a closing at a place, on a date and at a time mutually agreeable
to World Omni and WOAR and may occur simultaneously with the closing of any related transactions contemplated by (a) the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and (b) the Indenture.

Article III

Representations and Warranties

Section 3.01 Representations
and Warranties of WOAR. WOAR hereby represents and warrants to World Omni as of the Purchase Date:

(a) Organization
and Good Standing. WOAR has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with the power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently
owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, the power, authority and legal right to acquire
and own the Receivables.

(b) Due
Qualification. WOAR is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has obtained all
necessary material licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its
business shall require such qualifications, except where the failure to be so qualified or to have obtained such licenses or approvals
would not have a material adverse effect on WOARs earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

3

(c) Power
and Authority. WOAR has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms, and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by WOAR by all necessary action.

(d) No
Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not (i) conflict
with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under,
the limited liability company agreement of WOAR; (ii) breach, conflict with or violate any of the material terms or provisions of,
or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which WOAR is
a party or by which it is bound; (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the
terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement);
or (iv), to the best of WOARs knowledge, violate any order, rule or regulation applicable to WOAR of any court or of any federal
or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over WOAR or its properties
except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such breaches, defaults, conflicts, liens or violations
that would not have a material adverse effect on WOARs earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

(e) No
Proceedings. To the best of WOARs knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened, before any court,
regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over WOAR or its properties: (i) asserting
the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by
WOAR of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) which could reasonably be expected to
adversely affect the U.S. federal or state income tax attributes of the Notes or the Certificates.

Section 3.02 Representations
and Warranties of World Omni. (a) World Omni hereby represents and warrants to WOAR as of the Purchase Date:

(i) Organization
and Good Standing. World Omni has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of
the State of Florida, with the power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently
owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, the power, authority and legal right to acquire
and own the Receivables.

(ii) Due
Qualification. World Omni is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing, and has obtained all necessary
material licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its business shall
require such qualifications, except where the failure to be so qualified or to have obtained such licenses or approvals would not have
a material adverse effect on World Omnis earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

(iii) Power
and Authority. World Omni has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms;
and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.

4

(iv) No
Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not (i) conflict
with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under,
the articles of incorporation or bylaws of World Omni, (ii) breach, conflict with or violate any of the material terms or provisions
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which World
Omni is a party or by which it is bound; (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant
to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than this Agreement); or (iv), to the best of World Omnis
knowledge, violate any order, rule or regulation applicable to World Omni of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body,
administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over World Omni or its properties except, in the case
of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such breaches, defaults, conflicts, liens or violations that would not
have a material adverse effect on World Omnis earnings, business affairs or business prospects.

(v) No
Proceedings. To World Omnis best knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened before any court,
regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over World Omni or its properties: (A) asserting
the invalidity of this Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(C) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by World
Omni of its obligations under or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (D) relating to World Omni and which could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the U.S. federal or state income tax characterization or attributes of the Issuing Entity,
the Notes or the Certificates.

(b) World
Omni agrees that the representations and warranties in this Section 3.02 shall be conveyed by WOAR to the Issuing Entity under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and pledged by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. World Omni further agrees
that any such Person to whom such rights are conveyed may enforce any and all remedies for the breach thereof directly against World Omni.
World Omni agrees that WOAR may rely on such representations and warranties in accepting the Receivables.

Article IV

Conditions

Section 4.01 Conditions
to Obligation of WOAR. The obligation of WOAR to purchase the Receivables on the Purchase Date is subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions:

(a) Representations
and Warranties True. The representations and warranties of World Omni hereunder shall be true and correct in all material respects
on the Purchase Date, and World Omni shall have performed in all material respects all obligations to be performed by it hereunder on
or prior to the Purchase Date.

5

(b) Documents
To Be Delivered by World Omni.

(i) The
Assignment. On or prior to the Purchase Date, World Omni will execute and deliver the RPA Assignment.

(ii) Evidence
of UCC Filing. On or prior to the tenth day following the Purchase Date, World Omni shall record and file, at its own expense, a UCC-1
financing statement in each jurisdiction required by applicable law, naming World Omni as depositor or debtor, and naming WOAR as purchaser
or secured party, describing the Receivables and the other property conveyed hereby, meeting the requirements of the laws of each such
jurisdiction and in such manner as is necessary to perfect the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Receivables to WOAR.
World Omni shall deliver a file-stamped copy or other evidence satisfactory to WOAR of such filing to WOAR on or prior to the tenth day
following the Purchase Date.

(iii) Schedule
of Receivables. On or prior to the Purchase Date, World Omni shall deliver the Schedule of Receivables.

(iv) Other
Documents. World Omni shall deliver such other documents as WOAR may reasonably request.

(c) Sale
and Servicing Agreement. As a condition to the sale hereunder, World Omni agrees to make the representations and warranties to WOAR
in respect of the Receivables and the pool of Receivables set forth in Sections 3.01(a) and (b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
and in that connection agrees to execute the Sale and Servicing Agreement. World Omni agrees that WOAR may rely on such representations
and warranties in accepting the Receivables.

(d) Other
Transactions. The transactions contemplated by the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement to be consummated
on or prior to the Purchase Date shall be consummated on such date.

Section 4.02 Conditions
to Obligation of World Omni. The obligation of World Omni to sell the Receivables to WOAR on the Purchase Date is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) Representations
and Warranties True. The representations and warranties of WOAR hereunder shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
the Purchase Date, and WOAR shall have performed in all material respects all obligations to be performed by it hereunder on or prior
to the Purchase Date.

(b) Receivables
Purchase Price. On the Purchase Date, WOAR shall have delivered to World Omni the Purchase Price to the extent provided in Section 2.02.

6

Article V

Covenants of World Omni

World Omni agrees with WOAR
as follows:

Section 5.01 Protection
of Right, Title and Interest.

(a) Filings.
World Omni shall cause all financing statements and continuation statements and any other necessary documents perfecting the right, title
and interest of World Omni and WOAR, respectively, in and to the Receivables and the other property conveyed hereby to be promptly filed
and at all times to be kept recorded, registered and filed, all in such manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to
preserve and protect the right, title and interest of WOAR hereunder in and to the Receivables and the other property conveyed hereby.
World Omni hereby authorizes the filing of such financing statements and ratifies any such financing statements filed prior to the date
hereof. World Omni shall deliver to WOAR file stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon
as available following such filing.

(b) Name
Change. World Omni shall not change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that could reasonably be expected to
make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with paragraph (a) above seriously misleading
within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the UCC, unless it shall have given WOAR at least five days prior written notice thereof
and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements.

(c) Relocation.
World Omni shall give WOAR at least 15 days prior written notice of any relocation of its principal executive office or jurisdiction
of formation if, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any
previously filed financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall promptly file any such amendment or
new financing statement.

(d) Notice.
If at any time World Omni shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any Contract to
any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, World Omni shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee
computer tapes, records or printouts (including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever
to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold to and is owned by WOAR.

Section 5.02 Other
Liens or Interests. Except for the conveyances hereunder and under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture, the Trust Agreement
and the other Basic Documents, World Omni will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Lien on, or any interest in, to or under the Receivables except for Liens that will be released contemporaneously
with the transfer of the Receivables from World Omni to WOAR, and World Omni shall defend the right, title and interest of WOAR in, to
and under the Receivables against all claims of third parties claiming through or under World Omni; provided, however,
that World Omnis obligations under this Section shall terminate upon the termination of the Trust pursuant to the Trust Agreement.

7

Section 5.03 Indemnification.
World Omni shall indemnify WOAR for any liability resulting from (i) the failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance
in all material respects with all requirements of applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations thereunder, including usury
laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Boards
Regulations B and Z, and State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, and other consumer credit
laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws and (ii) any breach of any of its representations and warranties contained
herein and any failure by World Omni to comply with its obligations under Sections 5.01 and 5.02 hereof, provided that
World Omnis repurchase obligation as set forth in Section 3.02(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement for a breach
of representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01(a) thereof is the sole remedy therefor, except with respect to
matters set forth in (i) above. These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligation that World Omni may otherwise
have.

Section 5.04 Access
to Records. World Omni shall provide to the Asset Representations Reviewer access to its records and documents related to the Receivables
if the Asset Representations Reviewer is required to conduct a Review. Such access shall be afforded without charge, but only upon reasonable
request and during the normal business hours at the offices of World Omni. Nothing in this Section 5.04 shall affect the
obligation of World Omni to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors and the failure of
World Omni to provide access to information as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section 5.04.

Section 5.05 Credit
Risk Retention. World Omni shall comply in all material respects with all requirements imposed on the sponsor of the
securitization transaction (as each such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) described in the Basic Documents
in accordance with the Credit Risk Retention Rules, including its requirements to (i) retain, either directly or through a majority-owned
affiliate (as such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) of World Omni, the eligible horizontal residual
interest (as such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) in such securitization transaction in accordance with the
Credit Risk Retention Rules and shall not, and shall cause its affiliates to not, sell, transfer, finance, pledge or hedge such
interest except as permitted under the Credit Risk Retention Rules, (ii) cause to be established and funded, in cash, the Reserve
Account, as an eligible horizontal cash reserve account (as such term is defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) and
(iii) satisfy the disclosure requirements set forth in the Credit Risk Retention Rules without any involvement from the underwriters.

8

Article VI

Miscellaneous Provisions

Section 6.01 Obligations
of World Omni. The obligations of World Omni under this Agreement shall not be affected by reason of any invalidity, illegality or
irregularity of any Receivable.

Section 6.02 Repurchase
Events; Dispute Resolution.

(a) World
Omni agrees to repurchase Receivables materially and adversely affected by a breach of the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all in the manner set forth in Section 3.02(b) of such agreement
(each, a Repurchase Event), and in that connection agrees to execute the Sale and Servicing Agreement. This repurchase
obligation of World Omni shall constitute the sole remedy of WOAR, the Trust, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Owner Trustee,
the Certificateholders or any other Person against World Omni with respect to any Repurchase Event.

(b) World
Omni agrees to cooperate with the Trust and the Requesting Party in any dispute resolution proceeding pursuant to, and be bound by the
dispute resolution terms in, Section 3.02(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement as if they were part of this Agreement.

Section 6.03 WOAR
Assignment of Repurchased Receivables. With respect to all Receivables repurchased by World Omni pursuant to this Agreement and the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, WOAR shall assign, without recourse, representation or warranty, to World Omni all WOARs right,
title and interest in and to such Receivables and all security and documents relating thereto.

Section 6.04 The
Trust. World Omni acknowledges and agrees that (a) WOAR will, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, sell the Receivables
to the Trust and assign its rights under this Agreement to the Trust and (b) the Trust will, pursuant to the Indenture, grant the
Receivables and its rights under this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders.
World Omni hereby consents to all such sales and assignments and agrees that the Trust or, if pursuant to the Indenture, the Indenture
Trustee, may exercise the rights of WOAR and enforce the obligations of World Omni hereunder directly and without the consent of WOAR.

Section 6.05 Amendment.

(a) This
Agreement may be amended from time to time, upon (i) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) delivery by World Omni
of an Officers Certificate to the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating such amendment will not materially
and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder or Certificateholder, by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by World
Omni and WOAR, to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision
herein, or to add any other provision with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement which shall not be inconsistent
with the provisions of this Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agreement or the Indenture or for the purpose of
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner
the rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders in the Trust or Receivables.

9

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended by World Omni and WOAR, with the consent of the holders of Notes evidencing at least a majority of the Outstanding
Amount of the Controlling Securities (unless (i) the interests of the Noteholders are not affected materially and adversely, as evidenced
by an Officers Certificate of World Omni to that effect delivered to the Indenture Trustee by World Omni or (ii) satisfaction
of the Rating Agency Condition) and the holders of Certificates evidencing at least a majority of the percentage interest of the Certificates
(unless (i) the interests of the Certificateholders are not affected materially and adversely and (ii) an Officers Certificate
of World Omni to that effect is delivered to the Owner Trustee by World Omni), for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing
in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the
Certificateholders in the Trust or Receivables; provided, however, that no such amendment may (i) increase or reduce
in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on the Receivables or distributions that are
required to be made for the benefit of Noteholders or Certificateholders or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the Notes and
Certificates that is required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the holders of all the outstanding Notes and Certificates
affected thereby.

Section 6.06 Accountants
Letters. World Omni will cooperate with WOAR and independent public accountants engaged by WOAR in making available all information
and taking all steps reasonably necessary to permit such independent accountants to complete any review required to deliver any negative
assurance or similar letter required to be delivered by it in connection with the Basic Documents.

Section 6.07 Waivers.
No failure or delay on the part of WOAR, or any assignee of WOAR, in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.

Section 6.08 Notices.
All demands, notices and communications under this Agreement shall be in writing, personally delivered or mailed by certified mail, return
receipt requested, or recognized overnight courier or by facsimile confirmed by delivery or mail as described above, and shall be deemed
to have been duly given upon receipt or by electronic mail (if designated by such party to the other parties) (a) in the case of
World Omni, to World Omni Financial Corp., 250 Jim Moran Blvd., Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, (954) 429-2685, Attention: Treasurer;
(b) in the case of WOAR, to World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, 250 Jim Moran Blvd., Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, (954) 429-2685,
Attention: Treasurer; and (c) in the case of the Rating Agencies, to WOAR who promptly shall post such notice to the website maintained
by WOAR for notifications to nationally recognized statistical ratings organizations; or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other
address or electronic mail address as shall be designated by written notice to the other parties; provided, that, the obligations
of World Omni and WOAR to deliver or provide any demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction to any Person other than a Noteholder
shall be satisfied by World Omni or WOAR, as the case may be, making such demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction available
at https://via.intralinks.com/, or such other website or distribution service or provider as World Omni or WOAR, as applicable, shall
designate by written notice to the other parties.

10

Section 6.09 Costs
and Expenses. World Omni shall pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of WOAR, excluding fees and expenses of counsel, in connection with the perfection as
against third parties of WOARs right, title and interest in and to the Receivables and the enforcement of any obligation of World
Omni hereunder.

Section 6.10 Representations
of World Omni and WOAR. The respective agreements, representations, warranties and other statements by World Omni and WOAR set forth
in or made pursuant to this Agreement or the RPA Assignment shall remain in full force and effect and will survive the sales and assignments
referred to in Section 6.04.

Section 6.11 Confidential
Information. WOAR agrees that it will neither use nor disclose to any Person the names and addresses of the Obligors, except in connection
with the enforcement of WOARs rights hereunder, under the Receivables, under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture,
the Trust Agreement or any other Basic Document or as required by any of the foregoing or by law.

Section 6.12 Headings
and Cross-references. The various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to Section names or numbers are to such Sections
of this Agreement.

Section 6.13 GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE ASSIGNMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO
ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER SHALL
BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 6.14 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each of the parties agree
that this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically signed, that any digital or
electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature
provider) appearing on this Agreement or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability
and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement and such other documents
may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission.

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers duly authorized as of the date and year first above written.

WORLD
OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

WORLD
OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

Exhibit A

FORM OF RPA ASSIGNMENT

As of January 29, 2025,
for value received, in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of the date hereof, between WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.
(World Omni) and WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC (WOAR), World Omni does hereby sell, assign,
transfer and otherwise convey unto WOAR, without recourse (subject to the obligations of World Omni in the Receivables Purchase Agreement),
all right, title and interest of World Omni in and to (but none of the obligations of World Omni with respect to): (a) the Receivables
identified on the Schedule of Receivables, attached hereto (all of which are identified in World Omnis computer files by a code
indicating the Receivables are owned by the Trust and pledged to the Indenture Trustee) and all monies received thereon after the Cutoff
Date; (b) the security interests in, and the liens on, the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors in connection with the Receivables
and any other interest of World Omni in such Financed Vehicles; (c) any proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims on any
physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering such Financed Vehicles or Obligors; (d) any Financed Vehicle
that shall have secured a Receivable and shall have been acquired by or on behalf of World Omni, WOAR, or, upon the assignment contemplated
by the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer or the Trust; (e) all accounts, chattel paper, general
intangibles and promissory notes (as such terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in
effect) constituting or relating to the foregoing; and (f) the proceeds of any and all of the foregoing; provided, however,
that the foregoing items (a) through (f) shall not include the Purchase Price. The foregoing sale does not constitute
and is not intended to result in any assumption by WOAR of any obligation of the undersigned to the obligors, insurers, dealers or any
other person in connection with the Receivables, any insurance policies or any agreement or instrument relating to any of them.

This RPA Assignment is made
pursuant to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the undersigned contained in the Receivables Purchase
Agreement.

Capitalized terms used and
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Ex. A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this RPA Assignment to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above.

WORLD
OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. A-2

SCHEDULE I

Schedule of Receivables

Documents on file at:

Kirkland & Ellis LLP

4550 Travis Street

Dallas, TX 75205

Sch. I
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

among

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A

as Issuing Entity,

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.,

as Administrator,

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor,

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

Dated as of January 29, 2025

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

This ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT,
dated as of January 29, 2025 (as amended from time to time, this Agreement), is among WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuing Entity), WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP. (World Omni
or in its capacity as administrator, the Administrator), WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC (the Depositor)
and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
is a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act created by a trust agreement dated as of November 21, 2024 (as may be
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Trust Agreement) between
the Depositor, as depositor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (together with its successors and assigns,
not individually but solely in such capacity, the Owner Trustee);

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
is issuing Class A-1 4.411% Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2a 4.49% Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-2b Floating Rate Asset-Backed
Notes, Class A-3 4.73% Asset-Backed Notes, Class A-4 4.86% Asset-Backed Notes, Class B 5.08% Asset-Backed Notes and Class C
5.17% Asset-Backed Notes (collectively, the Notes), pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Indenture), among the Issuing Entity, the
Indenture Trustee and U.S. Bank National Association, as Account Bank (capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall
have the meanings ascribed thereto in, or incorporated by reference into, the Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable);

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
is issuing Trust Certificates pursuant to the Trust Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
has entered into certain agreements in connection with the issuance of the Notes including (i) the sale and servicing agreement,
dated as of the date hereof (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement), among the Issuing Entity, the Depositor, World Omni, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer),
and U.S. Bank National Association, as Account Bank, (ii) a Letter of Representations, dated as of the date hereof, by the Issuing
Entity in favor of The Depository Trust Company relating to the Notes (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from
time to time, the Depository Agreement), (iii) the Indenture, and (iv) the asset representations review
agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Asset
Representations Review Agreement), among the Issuing Entity, Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer
(in such capacity, the Asset Representations Reviewer), the Servicer and the Administrator (the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Depository Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Indenture, and the Asset Representations Review Agreement shall be referred
to hereinafter collectively as the Related Agreements);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Related
Agreements, the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee are required to perform certain duties in connection with (i) the Notes and
the collateral therefor pledged pursuant to the Indenture (the Collateral) and (ii) the beneficial ownership
interest in the Issuing Entity;

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
and the Owner Trustee desire to have the Administrator perform certain of the duties of the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee referred
to in the preceding clause and to provide such additional services consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Related Agreements
as the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee may from time to time request; and

WHEREAS, the Administrator
has the capacity to provide the services required hereby and is willing to perform such services for the Issuing Entity and the Owner
Trustee on the terms set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Duties
of the Administrator.

(a) Primary
Duties of the Administrator.

(i) The
Administrator agrees to perform all its duties as Administrator and the duties of the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee under the
Related Agreements. In addition, the Administrator shall consult with the Owner Trustee regarding the duties of the Issuing Entity or
the Owner Trustee under the Related Agreements. The Administrator shall monitor the performance of the Issuing Entity and shall advise
the Owner Trustee when action is necessary to comply with the respective duties of the Issuing Entity and the Owner Trustee under the
Related Agreements. Further, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, the Administrator shall perform the duties and obligations related to a
transition from the then-current Benchmark, including, but not limited to the determination of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes pursuant to the terms
of the Indenture. Additionally, the Administrator shall prepare for execution by the Issuing Entity, or shall cause the preparation by
other appropriate persons of, all such documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions that it shall be the duty
of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Agreements. In furtherance of the foregoing,
the Administrator shall take all appropriate action that the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee is required to take pursuant to the
Indenture including, without limitation, such of the foregoing as are required with respect to the following matters under the Indenture
(unless otherwise specified, references are to Sections of the Indenture):

(A) the
preparation of or obtaining of the documents and instruments required for execution and authentication of the Notes and delivery of the
same to the Indenture Trustee (Section 2.02);

2

(B) the
preparation of or obtaining of the documents and instruments required for execution and authentication of temporary Notes and delivery
of the same to the Indenture Trustee (Section 2.03);

(C) the
duty to cause the Note Register to be kept and to give the Indenture Trustee notice of any appointment of a new Note Registrar and the
location, or change in location, of the Note Register (Section 2.05);

(D) the
duty to cause the replacement of lost or mutilated Notes upon the request of the Issuing Entity (Section 2.06);

(E) the
fixing or causing to be fixed of any specified record date and the notification of the Indenture Trustee and Noteholders with respect
to special payment dates, if any (Section 2.08(d));

(F) the
preparation, obtaining or filing of the instruments, opinions and certificates and other documents required for the release of Collateral
(Section 2.10);

(G) the
preparation of Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing Agency (Section 2.13);

(H) the
maintenance of an office in St. Paul, Minnesota, for registration and transfer or exchange of Notes (Section 3.02);

(I) the
duty to cause newly appointed Paying Agents, if any, to deliver to the Indenture Trustee the instrument specified in the Indenture regarding
funds held in trust (Section 3.03);

(J) the
direction to the Indenture Trustee to deposit monies with Paying Agents, if any, other than the Indenture Trustee (Section 3.03);

(K) the
obtaining and preservation of the Issuing Entitys qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification
is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes and the Collateral (Section 3.04);

(L) the
preparation of all supplements and amendments to the Indenture and all financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of
further assurance and other instruments and the taking of such other action as is necessary or advisable to protect the Collateral (Section 3.05);

(M) the
delivery of an Opinion of Counsel on the Closing Date and annual Opinions of Counsel as to the Trust Estate, and the annual delivery
of the Officers Certificate and certain other statements as to compliance with the Indenture (Sections 3.06 and 3.09);

3

(N) the
identification in an Officers Certificate to the Indenture Trustee of a Person with whom the Issuing Entity has contracted to
perform its duties under the Indenture (Section 3.07(b));

(O) the
notification of the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency of a Servicer Default under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and, if such
Servicer Default arises from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement
with respect to the Receivables, the taking of all reasonable steps available to remedy such failure (Section 3.07(d));

(P) the
Issuing Entitys duty to use all reasonable efforts to cause the Servicer to comply with Sections 4.09, 4.10, 4.11,
5.07(b) and Article IX of the Sale and Servicing Agreement (Section 3.14);

(Q) the
delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee and each Rating Agency of each Event of Default under the Indenture
and each default by the Servicer or the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (Section 3.19);

(R) the
monitoring of the Issuing Entitys obligations as to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and the preparation of an
Officers Certificate and the obtaining of the Opinion of Counsel and the Independent Certificate relating thereto (Section 4.01);

(S) the
compliance with any written directive of the Indenture Trustee with respect to the sale of the Collateral in a commercially reasonable
manner if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (Section 5.04);

(T) the
preparation of any written instruments required to give effect to the authority of any co-trustee or separate trustee and any written
instruments necessary in connection with the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee or any co-trustee or separate trustee to
the Noteholders (Sections 6.08 and 6.10);

(U) the
furnishing of the Indenture Trustee with the names and addresses of Noteholders during any period when the Indenture Trustee is not the
Note Registrar (Section 7.01);

(V) receiving
written notice from a Noteholder or Note Owner regarding possible exercise of its rights under the Basic Documents and delivering such
notice to the Servicer for inclusion in a Form 10-D to be filed by the Servicer with the Commission (Section 7.02(e));

4

(W) the
preparation and, after execution by the Issuing Entity, the filing with the Commission, any applicable state agencies and the Indenture
Trustee of documents required to be filed on a periodic basis with, and summaries thereof as may be required by rules and regulations
prescribed by, the Commission and any applicable state agencies and the transmission of such summaries, as necessary, to the Noteholders
(Section 7.03);

(X) the
preparation and delivery of Issuing Entity Orders, Officers Certificates and Opinions of Counsel and all other actions necessary
with respect to investment and reinvestment of funds in the Trust Accounts (Sections 8.02 and 8.04);

(Y) the
preparation of an Issuing Entity Request and Officers Certificate and the obtaining of an Opinion of Counsel and Independent Certificates,
if necessary, for the release of the Trust Estate (Sections 8.05 and 8.06);

(Z) the
preparation of Issuing Entity Orders and the obtaining of Opinions of Counsel with respect to the execution of supplemental indentures,
the mailing to the Noteholders and delivery to the Rating Agencies of notices with respect to such supplemental indentures (Sections
9.01, 9.02 and 9.03);

(AA) arranging
for the execution and delivery of new Notes conforming to any supplemental indenture (Section 9.06);

(BB) the
duty to notify Noteholders and the Rating Agencies of redemption of the Notes or to cause the Indenture Trustee to provide such notification
(Section 10.02);

(CC) the
preparation and delivery of all Officers Certificates, Opinions of Counsel and Independent Certificates with respect to any requests
by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under the Indenture (Section 11.01(a));

(DD) the
preparation and delivery of Officers Certificates and the obtaining of Independent Certificates, if necessary, for the release
of property from the lien of the Indenture (Section 11.01(b));

(EE) the
notification of the Rating Agencies, upon the failure of the Issuing Entity or the Indenture Trustee to give such notification, of the
information required pursuant to Section 11.04 of the Indenture (Section 11.04);

(FF) the
preparation and delivery to the Noteholders and the Indenture Trustee of any agreements with respect to alternate payment and notice
provisions (Section 11.06);

5

(GG) the
recording of the Indenture, if applicable (Section 11.15); and

(HH) under
Section 3.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (1) providing notice of a breach of a representation or warranty made
in Section 3.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (2) providing a Repurchase Request, and (3) referring
any unresolved Repurchase Request for mediation or arbitration.

(ii) The
Administrator will:

(A) pay
the Indenture Trustee and any separate trustee or co-trustee appointed pursuant to the terms of the Indenture (a Separate Trustee)
from time to time reasonable compensation for all services rendered by the Indenture Trustee or Separate Trustee, as the case may be,
under the Indenture and the other Basic Documents as agreed in writing (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law
in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);

(B) except
as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture, reimburse the Indenture Trustee or any Separate Trustee upon its request for all reasonable
expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee or Separate Trustee, as the case may be, in accordance
with any provision of the Indenture (including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel; provided,
that reimbursement for expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel to the Indenture Trustee and any Separate Trustee shall
be subject to any limitations separately agreed upon before the date hereof between the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee and any
Separate Trustee), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall be determined to have been caused by its own negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct;

(C) indemnify
the Indenture Trustee and any Separate Trustee (including in their individual capacities) and their officers, directors, employees, successors,
assigns, agents and servants (collectively, the IT Indemnified Parties) as primary obligor from and against, any
and all liabilities, obligations, losses, costs, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable and documented
costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses including, without limitation, any legal
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit brought) by the Indenture Trustee
or any other IT Indemnified Party of any indemnification or other obligation of the Administrator and other amounts owed to the Indenture
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture) of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, IT Expenses) which may at any
time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any IT Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of the Basic Documents
or the action or inaction of any IT Indemnified Party, except only that the Administrator shall not be liable for or required to indemnify
an IT Indemnified Party from and against IT Expenses arising or resulting from any of the matters described in the ninth sentence of
Section 6.07 of the Indenture. The benefits under this Section 1 shall survive the resignation or termination
of the Indenture Trustee or the termination of this Agreement. In any event of any third-party claim, action or proceeding for which
indemnity will be sought pursuant to this Section, the Indenture Trustees choice of legal counsel shall be subject to the approval
of the Administrator, which approval shall not be unreasonably conditioned, or unreasonably withheld or delayed;

6

(D) pay
the Owner Trustee compensation for services rendered by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Trust Agreement
and reimburse the Owner Trustee for its reasonable and documented expenses including the reasonable and documented compensation, expenses
and disbursements of such agents, representatives, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection with the exercise
and performance of its rights and duties under the Trust Agreement; provided, that reimbursement for expenses and disbursements
of any legal counsel to the Owner Trustee in connection with the Closing Date shall be subject to limitations, if any, separately agreed
upon before the date hereof between the Depositor (or any Affiliate thereof) and the Owner Trustee; and

(E) indemnify
the Owner Trustee (including in its individual capacity) and its officers, directors, employees, successors, assigns, agents and servants
(collectively, the OT Indemnified Parties) as primary obligor from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, costs, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable and documented costs, expenses and disbursements
(including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses including, without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred
in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit brought) by the Owner Trustee or any other OT Indemnified Party
of any indemnification or other obligation of the Administrator and other amounts owed to the Owner Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement)
of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, OT Expenses) which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by,
or asserted against any OT Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of the Basic Documents, the Owner Trust Estate, the
administration of the Owner Trust Estate or the action or inaction of any OT Indemnified Party, except only that the Administrator shall
not be liable for or required to indemnify an OT Indemnified Party from and against OT Expenses arising or resulting from any of the
matters described in the third sentence of Section 7.01 of the Trust Agreement. The indemnities contained in this Section shall
survive the resignation or termination of the Owner Trustee, or the termination or assignment of this Agreement. In any event of any
claim, action or proceeding for which indemnity will be sought pursuant to this Section, the Owner Trustees choice of legal counsel
shall be subject to the approval of the Administrator, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

7

(iii) The
Administrator shall take all appropriate action that the Issuing Entity is required to take pursuant to the Asset Representations Review
Agreement, including, without limitation, the duty to appoint a replacement Asset Representations Reviewer and cause the retiring Asset
Representations Reviewer to provide the successor Asset Representations Reviewer with any information relating to an ongoing Review.

(b) Additional
Duties of the Administrator.

(i) In
addition to the duties set forth in Section 1(a)(i), the Administrator shall perform such calculations (including any calculations
related to a transition from the then-current Benchmark pursuant to the terms of the Indenture) and shall prepare or shall cause the
preparation by other appropriate persons of, and shall execute on behalf of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, all such notices,
documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions that it shall be the duty of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee
to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Agreements, and at the request of the Owner Trustee shall take all appropriate action
that the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee is required to take pursuant to the Related Agreements. In furtherance thereof, the Owner
Trustee shall on behalf of itself and of the Issuing Entity, execute and deliver to the Administrator and to each successor Administrator
appointed pursuant to the terms hereof, one or more powers of attorney substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, appointing
the Administrator the attorney-in-fact of the Owner Trustee and the Issuing Entity for the purpose of executing on behalf of the Owner
Trustee and the Issuing Entity all such notices, documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions. Subject to Section 5
of this Agreement, and in accordance with the directions of the Owner Trustee, the Administrator shall administer, perform or supervise
the performance of such other activities in connection with the Collateral (including the Related Agreements) as are not covered by any
of the foregoing provisions and as are expressly requested by the Owner Trustee and are reasonably within the capability of the Administrator.

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or the Related Agreements to the contrary, the Administrator shall be responsible for performance of the duties
of the Owner Trustee set forth in Sections 5.05 and 5.06 of the Trust Agreement with respect to, among other things, accounting
and reports to the Depositor.

(iii) The
Administrator shall provide written notice to the Indenture Trustee upon notification to the Administrator that the Clearing Agency is
no longer willing or able to properly discharge its responsibilities as described in the Depository Agreement. Upon the receipt of such
notification from the Clearing Agency, the Administrator shall use reasonable efforts to locate and appoint a qualified successor Clearing
Agency.

8

(iv) The
Administrator shall have the duties of the Administrator specified in Section 10.02 of the Trust Agreement required to be
performed in connection with the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee, and any other duties expressly required to be performed
by the Administrator under the Trust Agreement.

(v) In
carrying out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Administrator may enter into transactions
or otherwise deal with any of its Affiliates; provided that the terms of any such transactions or dealings shall be in accordance
with any directions received from the Issuing Entity and shall be, in the Administrators opinion, no less favorable to the Issuing
Entity than would be available from unaffiliated parties.

(vi) To
the extent a Repurchase Request received from a Noteholder or Note Owner has not been resolved, the alleged breach has not otherwise
been cured or the related Receivable has not otherwise been repurchased, paid-off or otherwise satisfied, within 180 days of the receipt
of notice of the Repurchase Request by World Omni, the Administrator shall direct the Indenture Trustee to notify such Requesting Party
that the Repurchase Request remains unresolved in connection with Section 3.02(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(vii) Any
costs associated with the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee will be paid by the Administrator.

(viii) Any
costs associated with the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee will be paid by the Administrator.

(c) Non-Ministerial
Matters.

(i) With
respect to matters that in the reasonable judgment of the Administrator are non-ministerial, the Administrator shall not take any action
unless authorized pursuant to the Basic Documents and, within a reasonable time before the taking of such action, the Administrator shall
have notified the Issuing Entity of the proposed action and the Issuing Entity shall not have withheld consent (which consent may not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or shall not have provided an alternative direction. For the purpose of the preceding
sentence, non-ministerial matters shall include, without limitation:

(A) the
amendment of or any supplement to the Indenture;

(B) the
initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuing Entity and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the
Issuing Entity (other than in connection with the collection of the Contracts);

9

(C) the
amendment, change or modification of the Related Agreements;

(D) the
appointment of successor Note Registrars, successor Paying Agents and successor Indenture Trustees pursuant to the Indenture or the appointment
of a successor Administrator or a Successor Servicer, or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar, Paying Agent or Indenture
Trustee of its obligations under the Indenture;

(E) the
removal of the Indenture Trustee; and

(F) the
removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrator shall not be obligated to, and shall not, (A) make any payments to
the Noteholders under the Related Agreements, (B) sell the Collateral pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 5.04(a) of
the Indenture, (C) take any other action that the Issuing Entity directs the Administrator not to take on its behalf or (D) take
any other action which may be construed as having the effect of varying the investment of the Holders.

(d) Regulation
AB. The Administrator and the Depositor acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Section 1(d) is to facilitate
compliance by the Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and the related rules and regulations of the Commission. The Depositor
shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than in good faith,
or for purposes other than compliance with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Administrator acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation
AB may change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in
the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and the Administrator agrees to comply with all reasonable requests
made by the Depositor in good faith for delivery of information and shall deliver to the Depositor all information and certifications
reasonably required by the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations, including with respect to any of its predecessors
or successors. The obligations of the Administrator to provide such information shall survive the removal or termination of the Administrator
as Administrator hereunder.

Section 2. Records.

The Administrator shall maintain
appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account and records shall be accessible
for inspection by the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee with reasonable prior notice at any time during normal business hours.
The Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee shall, and shall cause their representatives to, hold in confidence all such information
except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all reasonable applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and
except to the extent that the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations under
the Indenture or any other Basic Document to which it is a party.

10

Section 3. Compensation.

As compensation for the performance
of the Administrators obligations under this Agreement and as reimbursement for its expenses related thereto, the Administrator
shall be entitled to an annual payment of $1,000, which shall be solely an obligation of the Servicer.

Section 4. Additional
Information to be Furnished to the Issuing Entity.

The Administrator shall furnish
to the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee from time to time such additional information regarding the Collateral as the Issuing
Entity or the Indenture Trustee shall reasonably request.

Section 5. Independence
of the Administrator.

For
all purposes of this Agreement, the Administrator shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the supervision of the
Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder.
Unless expressly authorized by the Issuing Entity or the Basic Documents, the Administrator shall have no authority to act for
or to represent the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee in any way (other than as permitted hereunder) and shall not otherwise be deemed
an agent of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee.

Section 6. No
Joint Venture.

Nothing
contained in this Agreement (i) shall constitute the Administrator, on the one hand, and the Issuing Entity or the Owner
Trustee, on the other hand, as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate
entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of
them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others.

Section 7. Other
Activities of Administrator.

Nothing herein shall prevent
the Administrator or its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or, in its sole discretion, from acting in a similar capacity as
an administrator for any other Person or entity even though such Person or entity may engage in business activities similar to those
of the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee.

Section 8. Term
of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator.

This Agreement shall continue
in force until the dissolution of the Issuing Entity, upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate.

11

(a) Subject
to Sections 8(d) and 8(e), the Administrator may resign its duties hereunder by providing the Issuing Entity and the
Indenture Trustee with at least 60 days prior written notice.

(b) Subject
to Sections 8(d) and 8(e), the Issuing Entity may remove the Administrator without cause by providing the Administrator
with at least 60 days prior written notice.

(c) Subject
to Sections 8(d) and 8(e), at the sole option of the Issuing Entity, the Administrator may be removed immediately
upon written notice of termination from the Issuing Entity to the Administrator if any of the following events shall occur:

(i) the
Administrator shall default in the performance of any of its duties under this Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall not
cure such default within 30 days (or, if such default cannot be cured in such time, shall not give within ten days such assurance of
cure as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Entity);

(ii) a
court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief, and such decree or order shall not have been vacated
within 60 days, in respect of the Administrator in any involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect or appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for
the Administrator or any substantial part of its property or order the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs; or

(iii) the
Administrator shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect,
shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or shall consent to the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or similar official for the Administrator or any substantial part of
its property, shall consent to the taking of possession by any such official of any substantial part of its property, shall make any
general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due.

The Administrator agrees that
if any of the events specified in clauses (ii) or (iii) above shall occur, it shall give written notice thereof to the Issuing
Entity and the Indenture Trustee within seven days after the occurrence of such event.

(d) No
resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to this Section shall be effective until (i) a successor Administrator
acceptable to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee shall have been appointed by the Issuing Entity with the consent of the Owner
Trustee and (ii) such successor Administrator shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement in the same
manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder.

12

(e) The
appointment of any successor Administrator shall be effective only after satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to
the proposed appointment.

Section 9. Action
upon Termination, Resignation or Removal.

Promptly upon the effective
date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to the first sentence of Section 8 or the resignation or removal of the Administrator
pursuant to Section 8(a), (b) or (c), respectively, the Administrator shall be entitled to be paid the
prorated portion of all fees and reimbursable expenses as set forth in Section 3 accruing to it to the date of such termination,
resignation or removal. The Administrator shall forthwith upon such termination pursuant to the first sentence of Section 8
deliver to the Issuing Entity all property and documents of or relating to the Collateral then in the custody of the Administrator. In
the event of the resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8(a), (b) or (c), respectively,
the Administrator shall cooperate with the Issuing Entity and take all reasonable steps requested to assist the Issuing Entity in making
an orderly transfer of the duties of the Administrator. The Administrators payment and indemnification obligations pursuant to
this Agreement which arose as a result of the Administrators actions while acting as Administrator shall survive the termination
or assignment of this Agreement and the resignation and removal of the Administrator.

Section 10. Notices.

Any notice, report or other
communication given hereunder shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

(a) if
to the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, to its Corporate Trust Office,

(b) if
to the Administrator, to:

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.,
250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 Attention: Treasurer, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685,

(c) if
to the Indenture Trustee, to its Corporate Trust Office,

or to such other address or electronic mail address
as any party shall have provided to the other parties in writing. Any notice required to be in writing hereunder shall be deemed given
if such notice is mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid, hand-delivered or received by electronic mail to the address of such party
as provided above; provided, that, so long as World Omni is the Administrator, the Administrators obligation to
deliver or provide any demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction to any Person other than a Noteholder shall be satisfied
by the Administrator making such demand, delivery, notice, communication or instruction available at https://via.intralinks.com/, or
such other website or distribution service or provider as the Administrator shall designate by written notice to the other parties.

If World Omni is no longer
the Administrator, the successor Administrator shall provide any required Rating Agency notices under this Agreement to the Depositor,
who promptly shall provide such notices to the Rating Agencies.

13

Section 11. Amendments.

(a) This
Agreement may be amended from time to time by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto, with the prior written
consent of the Owner Trustee, but without the consent of the Noteholders, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided
that such amendment will not, as so evidenced by an Officers Certificate of the Administrator delivered to the Issuing Entity,
the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended by the parties hereto with the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee and the holders of Notes evidencing
at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of Noteholders; provided,
further, that no such amendment may (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections
of payments on the Contracts or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or (ii) reduce the
aforesaid percentage of the holders of Notes which are required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the holders
of all outstanding Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may not amend this Agreement without the permission of the
Depositor, which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, shall be entitled to receive
and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement
and that all conditions precedent thereto have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such
amendment which affects the Owner Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

Section 12. Successors
and Assigns.

This Agreement may not be assigned
by the Administrator unless such assignment is previously consented to in writing by the Issuing Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee and subject to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition in respect thereof. An assignment with such consent and satisfaction,
if accepted by the assignee, shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned by the Administrator without the consent of the Issuing Entity, the Indenture Trustee or
the Owner Trustee to a corporation or other organization that is a successor (by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets) to the
Administrator; provided that the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied and such successor organization executes and delivers to the Issuing
Entity, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Entity,
the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, in which such corporation or other organization agrees to be bound hereunder by the terms
of said assignment in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind any
successors or assigns of the parties hereto.

14

Section 13. Governing
Law.

This Agreement shall, in accordance
with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York without regard to any otherwise applicable conflict of law provisions.

Section 14. Headings.

The section and subsection
headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or
effect of this Agreement.

Section 15. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures.

This Agreement may be executed
in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Each of
the parties agree that this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically signed, that
any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other
digital signature provider) appearing on this Agreement or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes
of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement
and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission; provided, however, that upon the request of
the Indenture Trustee, any electronic signature delivered pursuant to this Section 15 shall be followed with a manually executed,
original counterpart within a reasonable period of time following such request, to the extent such manually executed, original counterpart
shall be required by applicable law or a regulatory body having supervisory authority over the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee
and Owner Trustee shall not be liable for, and shall be indemnified and held harmless under the applicable Basic Document against any
loss, liability or expense arising out of the use of electronic or digital signatures and electronic methods of submission with respect
to this Agreement, the Basic Documents and any documents or notices delivered to the Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee pursuant to this
Agreement or the related documents, including the risk of the Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee acting on any unauthorized instructions
and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 16. Severability.

Any provision of this Agreement
that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 17. Not
Applicable to World Omni in Other Capacities.

Nothing in this Agreement shall
affect any obligation World Omni may have in any capacity other than as Administrator under this Agreement.

15

Section 18. Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.

(a) It
is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee Bank,
not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under
the Trust Agreement, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuing Entity
is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by the Trustee Bank, but is made and intended for the
purpose of binding only the Issuing Entity, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Trustee
Bank, individually or personally, to perform any covenant of the Issuing Entity, either expressed or implied, contained herein, all such
liability of the Trustee Bank in its individual or personal capacity, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any
Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) the Trustee Bank has made no investigation into the accuracy or completeness
of any representations or warranties made by the Issuing Entity in this Agreement and (v) under no circumstances shall the Trustee
Bank be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuing Entity under this Agreement or any other related
documents.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been countersigned by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as
Indenture Trustee, and in no event shall U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association have any liability for the representations, warranties,
covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuing Entity hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered
pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuing Entity. For all purposes of this Agreement,
the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, its right
to be indemnified, under the Indenture, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in its capacity hereunder,
and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder.

Section 19. Third-Party
Beneficiary.

The Owner Trustee is a third-party
beneficiary to this Agreement and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and may enforce the provisions hereof as if it were
a party hereto.

Section 20. Nonpetition
Covenants.

(a) Notwithstanding
any prior termination of this Agreement, each party hereto shall not, at any time, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the
Issuing Entity to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary
case against the Issuing Entity under any Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuing Entity or any substantial part of its property, or
ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuing Entity.

(b) Notwithstanding
any prior termination of this Agreement, each party hereto shall not, solely in its capacity as a creditor of the Depositor, at any time,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Depositor to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose
of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Depositor under any Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Depositor or any substantial
part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Depositor.

* * * * *

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Administration Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A, as Issuing Entity

By: WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Bruce C. Wandersee

Name: Bruce C. Wandersee

Title: Vice President

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, as
Depositor

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Christopher
J. Nuxoll

Name: Christopher J. Nuxoll

Title: Vice President

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP., as Administrator

By: /s/ Claude S.
Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY

STATE OF ________________ )

COUNTY OF _______________ )

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,
that WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A (the Trust), does hereby make, constitute, and appoint WORLD OMNI
FINANCIAL CORP. as Administrator under the Administration Agreement (as defined below), and its agents and attorneys, as Attorneys-in-Fact
to execute on behalf of Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee (the Owner
Trustee), or the Trust all such documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty
of the Owner Trustee or the Trust to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Agreements (as defined in the Administration Agreement),
including, without limitation, to appear for and represent the Owner Trustee and the Trust in connection with the preparation, filing
and audit of federal, state and local tax returns pertaining to the Trust, and with full power to perform any and all acts associated
with such returns and audits that the Owner Trustee could perform, including without limitation, the right to distribute and receive
confidential information, defend and assert positions in response to audits, initiate and defend litigation, and to execute waivers of
restriction on assessments of deficiencies, consents to the extension of any statutory or regulatory time limit, and settlements. For
the purpose of this Power of Attorney, the term Administration Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated
as of January 29, 2025, by and among the Trust, World Omni Financial Corp., as Administrator, World Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as
Depositor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, as such may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified and in effect from time to time.

Ex. A-1

All powers of attorney for
this purpose heretofore filed or executed by the Owner Trustee are hereby revoked.

EXECUTED this ___ day of ___________, ____

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-A

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuing Entity,

and

WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.,

as Servicer and Administrator,

and

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

Dated as of January 29, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Article I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.01 Usage and Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Definitions 1

Article II ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE 2

Section 2.01 Engagement; Acceptance 2

Section 2.02 Confirmation of Status 2

Section 2.03 Consent to Filing 2

Article III ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS 3

Section 3.01 Review Notices and Identification of Review Receivables 3

Section 3.02 Review Materials 3

Section 3.03 Performance of Reviews 3

Section 3.04 Review Report 5

Section 3.05 Review Representatives 5

Section 3.06 Dispute Resolution 5

Section 3.07 Limitations on Review Obligations 6

Article IV ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 6

Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Asset Representations Reviewer 6

Section 4.02 Fees and Expenses 7

Section 4.03 Limitation on Liability 8

Section 4.04 Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer 9

Section 4.05 Indemnification of Asset Representations Reviewer 9

Section 4.06 Inspections of Asset Representations Reviewer 10

Section 4.07 Delegation of Obligations 10

Section 4.08 Confidential Information 10

Section 4.09 Personally Identifiable Information 12

Article V REMOVAL, RESIGNATION 14

Section 5.01 Eligibility of the Asset Representations Reviewer 14

Section 5.02 Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer 15

Section 5.03 Successor Asset Representations Reviewer 15

Section 5.04 Merger, Consolidation or Succession 16

Article VI OTHER AGREEMENTS 16

Section 6.01 Independence of the Asset Representations Reviewer 16

Section 6.02 No Petition 16

Section 6.03 Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 17

Section 6.04 Termination of Agreement 17

Article VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 17

Section 7.01 Amendments 17

Section 7.02 Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries 18

Section 7.03 Notices 19

Section 7.04 GOVERNING LAW 19

Section 7.05 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 19

Section 7.06 No Waiver; Remedies 19

Section 7.07 Severability 19

Section 7.08 Headings 19

Section 7.09 Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 20

Schedule A Review Materials

Schedule B Representations, Warranties
and Tests

ii

This ASSET REPRESENTATIONS
REVIEW AGREEMENT (this Agreement), entered into as of January 29, 2025, by and among WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES
TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuing Entity), WORLD OMNI FINANCIAL CORP., a Florida corporation
(the Servicer and the Administrator), and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Asset Representations Reviewer).

WHEREAS, the Issuing Entity
will engage the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform reviews of certain Receivables for compliance with certain representations and
warranties made with respect thereto; and

WHEREAS, the Asset Representations
Reviewer desires to perform such reviews of Receivables in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

Article I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Usage
and Definitions.

Capitalized terms used but
not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Part I of Appendix A to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuing Entity, World
Omni Auto Receivables LLC, as Depositor, the Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Account Bank.

Section 1.02 Definitions.

Whenever used in this Agreement,
the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings:

Annual Fee
has the meaning stated in Section 4.02(a).

Confidential Information
has the meaning stated in Section 4.08(b).

Eligible Representations
shall mean those representations identified within the Tests included in Schedule B.

Information Recipients
has the meaning stated in Section 4.08(a).

Indemnified Person
has the meaning stated in Section 4.05(a).

Issuing Entity PII
has the meaning stated in Section 4.09(a).

PII has
the meaning stated in Section 4.09(a).

Review Fee
has the meaning stated in Section 4.02(b).

Review Materials
means the documents, data, and other information required for each Test in Schedule A.

Review Receivables
means those Delinquent Receivables that have been Delinquent Receivables for 60 days or more as of the last day of the preceding Collection
Period identified by the Servicer as requiring a Review by the Asset Representations Reviewer following receipt of a Review Notice according
to Section 3.01.

Review Report
has the meaning stated in Section 3.04.

Tests
mean the procedures listed in Schedule B as applied to the process described in Section 3.03.

Test Complete
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(c).

Test Fail
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Test Pass
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Article II

ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE

Section 2.01 Engagement;
Acceptance.

The Issuing Entity hereby
engages Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC to act as the Asset Representations Reviewer for the Issuing Entity. Clayton Fixed Income Services
LLC accepts the engagement and agrees to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer on the terms stated in this Agreement.

Section 2.02 Confirmation
of Status.

The parties confirm that
the Asset Representations Reviewer is not responsible for (a) reviewing the Receivables for compliance with the representations
and warranties under the Basic Documents, except as described in this Agreement, or (b) determining whether noncompliance with the
representations or warranties constitutes a breach of the Basic Documents.

Section 2.03 Consent
to Filing.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer hereby consents to the filing of this Agreement, including the schedules hereto, with the Commission.

2

Article III

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS

Section 3.01 Review
Notices and Identification of Review Receivables.

On receipt of a Review Notice
from the Indenture Trustee according to Section 7.05(c) of the Indenture, the Asset Representations Reviewer will start a Review.
The Servicer will provide the list of Review Receivables to the Asset Representations Reviewer promptly upon receipt of the Review Notice.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will not be obligated to start, and will not start, a Review until a Review Notice and the related list of Review Receivables
is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not obligated to verify (i) whether the conditions to the initiation of the Review
and the issuance of a Review Notice described in Section 7.05 of the Indenture were satisfied or (ii) the accuracy or completeness
of the list of Review Receivables provided by the Servicer.

Section 3.02 Review
Materials.

(a) Access
to Review Materials. Within 60 days of receipt of a Review Notice, the Servicer will provide the Asset Representations Reviewer with
access to the Review Materials for all Review Receivables in one or more of the following ways, at its option: (i) by providing
access to the Servicers systems, either remotely or at an office of the Servicer, (ii) by electronic posting to a password-protected
website to which the Asset Representations Reviewer has access, (iii) by providing originals or photocopies at an office of the
Servicer or (iv) in another manner agreed by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Servicer may redact or remove
PII from the Review Materials without changing the meaning or usefulness of the Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer
shall be entitled to rely in good faith, without independent investigation or verification, that the Review Materials are accurate and
complete in all material respects, and not misleading in any material respect.

(b) Missing
or Insufficient Review Materials. Upon receipt of the Review Materials, the Asset Representations Reviewer will review the Review
Materials to determine if any Review Materials are missing or insufficient for the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform any Test.
If the Asset Representations Reviewer determines any missing or insufficient Review Materials, the Asset Representations Reviewer will
notify the Servicer promptly, and in any event no less than 20 days before completing the Review. The Servicer will have 15 days to give
the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the missing Review Materials or other documents or information to correct the insufficiency.
If the missing Review Materials or other documents have not been provided by the Servicer within 15 days, the related Review Report will
report a Test Fail for each Test that requires use of the missing or insufficient Review Materials.

Section 3.03 Performance
of Reviews.

(a) Test
Procedures. For a Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will perform, for each Review Receivable, the Tests for each Eligible
Representation. In the course of its review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will use the Review Materials listed in Schedule A
as specified in the description of each Test under Schedule B. For each Test and Review Receivable, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will determine if the Test has been satisfied (a Test Pass) or if the Test has not been satisfied (a Test
Fail). During the course of its review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will provide the Issuing Entity and the Servicer
with a preliminary list of any Test Fail and the issues identified and, at that time, the Servicer has the option of electing to provide
additional Review Materials or information which the Asset Representations Reviewer will analyze and consider in preparing the Review
Report.

3

(b) Review
Period. The Asset Representations Reviewer will complete the Review within 60 days of receiving access to the Review Materials. However,
if missing or additional Review Materials are provided to the Asset Representations Reviewer as described in Sections 3.02(b) or
3.03(a), the Review period will be extended for an additional 30 days.

(c) Completion
of Review for Certain Review Receivables. Following the delivery of the list of the Review Receivables and before the delivery of
the Review Report by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer may notify the Asset Representations Reviewer if a Review Receivable
is paid in full by the Obligor or otherwise satisfied or repurchased from the Issuing Entity in accordance with Sections 3.02(b) or
4.07 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On receipt of such notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will immediately terminate all
Tests of the related Review Receivable, and the Review of such Review Receivables will be considered complete (a Test Complete).
In this case, the related Review Report will indicate a Test Complete for such Review Receivable and the related reason.

(d) Previously
Reviewed Receivables; Duplicative Tests. If any Review Receivable was included in a prior Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will not conduct additional Tests on such Review Receivable, but will include the previously reported Test results in the Review Report
for the current Review. If the same Test is required for more than one Eligible Representation, the Asset Representations Reviewer will
only perform the Test once for each Review Receivable, but will report the results of the Test for each applicable Eligible Representation
on the Review Report.

(e) Termination
of Review. If a Review is in process and the Notes will be paid in full on the next Payment Date, the Servicer or the Administrator
will notify the Asset Representations Reviewer no less than 10 days before that Payment Date. On receipt of such notice, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will terminate the Review immediately and will not be obligated to deliver a Review Report.

(f) Review
Systems; Personnel. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain business process management and/or other systems necessary to
ensure that it can perform each Test and, on execution of this Agreement, will load each Test into these systems. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will ensure that these systems allow for each Review Receivable and the related Review Materials to be individually tracked and
stored as contemplated by this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain adequate staff that is properly trained to
conduct Reviews as required by this Agreement.

4

Section 3.04 Review
Report.

Within 5 days after the end
of the applicable Review period under Section 3.03(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver to the Issuing Entity, the
Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee a report (the Review Report) indicating for each Review Receivable whether there
was a Test Pass, Test Fail or Test Complete for each related Test. For each Test Fail or Test Complete, the Review Report will indicate
the related reason, including (for example) whether the Review Receivable was a Test Fail as a result of missing or incomplete Review
Materials. The Review Report will contain a summary of the Review results to be included in the Issuing Entitys Form 10-D
report for the Collection Period in which the Review Report is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that the Review
Report does not contain any PII. On reasonable request of the Servicer, the Asset Representations Reviewer will provide additional details
on the Test results.

Section 3.05 Review
Representatives.

(a) Servicer
Representative. The Servicer will designate one or more representatives who will be available to assist the Asset Representations
Reviewer in performing the Review, including responding to requests and answering questions from the Asset Representations Reviewer about
access to Review Materials on the Servicers or World Omnis originations, receivables or other systems, obtaining missing
or insufficient Review Materials and/or providing clarification of any Review Materials or Tests.

(b) Asset
Representations Review Representative. The Asset Representations Reviewer will designate one or more representatives who will be
available to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer during the performance of a Review.

(c) Questions
About Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will make appropriate personnel available to respond in writing to written questions
or requests for clarification of any Review Report from the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer until the earlier of (i) the payment
in full of the Notes and (ii) one year after the delivery of the Review Report. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated
to respond to questions or requests for clarification from Noteholders or any other Person and will direct such Persons to submit written
questions or requests to the Indenture Trustee.

Section 3.06 Dispute
Resolution.

If a Review Receivable that
was the subject of a Review becomes the subject of a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.02(c) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer will participate in the dispute resolution proceeding on request of a party to the proceeding.
The reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer for its participation in any dispute resolution proceeding
will be considered expenses of the requesting party for the dispute resolution; provided, that for any mediation proceeding, such
expenses will be paid by a party to the dispute resolution as determined by the mutual agreement of such parties and, for any binding
arbitration, will be paid by a party to the dispute resolution as determined by the arbitrator for the dispute resolution according to
Section 3.02(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If not paid by a party to the dispute resolution, the expenses will be
reimbursed in accordance with Section 4.02(d) of this Agreement.

5

Section 3.07 Limitations
on Review Obligations.

(a) Review
Process Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation (i) to determine whether the Delinquency Trigger
has been met or exceeded or whether the required percentage of Noteholders has voted to direct a Review under the Indenture; (ii) to
determine which Receivables are subject to a Review, (iii) to obtain or confirm the validity of the Review Materials, (iv) to
obtain missing or insufficient Review Materials except as specifically described herein, (v) to take any action or cause any other
party to take any action under any of the Basic Documents to enforce any remedies for breaches of representations or warranties about
the Eligible Representations, (vi) to determine the reason for the delinquency of any Review Receivable, the creditworthiness of
any Obligor, the overall quality of any Review Receivable or the compliance by the Servicer with its covenants with respect to the servicing
of such Review Receivable, or (vii) to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed Test as described in Section 3.03.

(b) Testing
Procedure Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will only be required to perform the Tests, and will not be obligated to
perform additional procedures on any Review Receivable or to provide any information other than a Review Report. However, the Asset Representations
Reviewer may provide additional information in a Review Report about any Review Receivable that it determines in good faith to be material
to the Review.

(c) Maintenance
of Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain copies of any Review Materials, Review Reports and other documents
relating to a Review, including internal correspondence and work papers, until the earlier of (i) payment in full of the Notes and
(ii) one year after the delivery of any Review Report. At the expiration of such period, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall
return Review Materials to the Servicer.

Article IV

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER

Section 4.01 Representations
and Warranties of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer hereby makes the following representations and warranties as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Asset Representations Reviewer is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of State of Delaware. The Asset Representations Reviewer is qualified as a foreign limited liability company
in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties
or the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses
or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Power,
Authority and Enforceability. The Asset Representations Reviewer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This
Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Asset Representations Reviewer enforceable against the Asset Representations
Reviewer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors
rights or by general equitable principles.

6

(c) No
Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the performance of the Asset Representations
Reviewers obligations under this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, loan
agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in
the creation or imposition of a Lien on the properties or assets of the Asset Representations Reviewer under the terms of any indenture,
loan agreement, guarantee or similar document, (iii) violate the organizational documents of the Asset Representations Reviewer or
(iv) violate a law or, to the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or
State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations
Reviewer or its property that applies to the Asset Representations Reviewer, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) No
Proceedings. To the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened
in writing before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent
the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under,
or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

(e) Eligibility.
The Asset Representations Reviewer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01, and will notify the Issuing Entity and the
Servicer promptly if it no longer meets, or reasonably expects that it will no longer meet, the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01.

Section 4.02 Fees
and Expenses.

(a) Annual
Fee. As compensation for its activities hereunder, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be entitled to receive an annual fee (the
Annual Fee) with respect to each annual period prior to the termination of the Issuing Entity, in an amount equal
to $5,000; provided, that the Asset Representations Reviewer will return to the Servicer or the Issuing Entity, as applicable,
the pro rata portion of the Annual Fee to the extent the Issuing Entity is terminated prior to the end of an annual period for which an
Annual Fee has been paid. The Annual Fee will be paid by the Servicer on the Closing Date and on each anniversary of the Closing Date
until this Agreement is terminated.

(b) Review
Fee. Following the completion of a Review and the delivery of the related Review Report pursuant to Section 3.04, or the termination
of a Review according to Section 3.03(e), and the delivery to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer of a detailed invoice, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will be entitled to a fee of $200 for each Review Receivable for which the Review was started (the Review
Fee) to be paid by the Servicer within 30 days upon receipt of such invoice. However, no Review Fee will be charged for any
Review Receivable (i) which was included in a prior Review, (ii) for which no Tests were completed prior to the Asset Representations
Reviewer being notified of a termination of the Review according to Section 3.03(e), (iii) for which no Tests were completed
prior to the Asset Representations Reviewer being notified of the Review Receivable being paid in full by the Obligor, otherwise satisfied
or repurchased by World Omni as described in Section 3.03(c), or (iv) due to missing or insufficient Review Materials under
Section 3.02(b). However, if a Review is terminated according to Section 3.03(e), the Asset Representations Reviewer must submit
its invoice to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer for the Review Fee for the terminated Review no later than ten (10) Business Days
before the final Payment Date to be reimbursed on such final Payment Date.

7

(c) Reimbursement
of Travel Expenses. If the Servicer provides access to the Review Materials at one of its properties, the Servicer will reimburse
the Asset Representations Reviewer for its reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred in connection with the Review promptly following
receipt of a detailed invoice.

(d) Dispute
Resolution Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer participates in a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.06
of this Agreement and its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for participating in the proceeding are not paid by a party to the dispute
resolution within ninety (90) days after the end of the proceeding, the Servicer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for
such expenses promptly following receipt of a detailed invoice.

(e) Payment
of Invoices. When applicable pursuant to this Section 4.02 and Section 4.05, the Asset Representations Reviewer will invoice
the Servicer at the notices address set forth in Section 7.03(b) of this Agreement, and all such invoices are payable within
thirty (30) days of receipt. In the event fees and expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer are not paid by the Servicer within
sixty (60) days, the Asset Representations Reviewer will issue invoices to the Issuing Entity (with a copy to the Depositor) at the notices
address set forth in Section 7.03(b) of this Agreement and the Issuing Entity shall pay all invoices submitted by the Asset
Representations Reviewer according to the priority of payments in Sections 5.06(ii) and (iii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
on the Payment Date following the month in which the invoice was received by the Issuing Entity.

Section 4.03 Limitation
on Liability.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will not be liable to any Person for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under this Agreement or for errors in judgment.
However, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations
under this Agreement. In no event will the Asset Representations Reviewer be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential
losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Asset Representations Reviewer has been advised of the likelihood of the loss
or damage and regardless of the form of action.

8

Section 4.04 Indemnification
by Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will indemnify each of the Issuing Entity, World Omni, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and
the Indenture Trustee and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities
(including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses including, without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred
in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit brought) by an indemnified party of any indemnification or other
obligation of the Asset Representations Reviewer and other amounts owed thereto pursuant to this Agreement) resulting from (a) the
willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence of the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement,
(b) the Asset Representations Reviewers breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement or (c) the
Asset Representation Reviewers breach of any of its obligations in Sections 4.08 and 4.09 of this Agreement. The Asset Representations
Reviewers obligations under this Section 4.04 will survive the termination or assignment of this Agreement, the termination
of the Issuing Entity and the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section 4.05 Indemnification
of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) Indemnification.
The Issuing Entity will, or will cause the Servicer to, indemnify the Asset Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees
and agents (each, an Indemnified Person), for all costs, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from
the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement (including the reasonable out-of-pocket
fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability), but excluding any cost, expense, loss, damage or liability
resulting from (i) the Asset Representations Reviewers willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence, (ii) the Asset Representations
Reviewers breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement or (iii) the Asset Representation Reviewers
breach of any of its obligations in Sections 4.08 and 4.09 of this Agreement.

(b) Proceedings.
Promptly on receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of a Proceeding against it, the Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made
under Section 4.05(a), notify the Issuing Entity and the Servicer of the Proceeding. The Issuing Entity or the Servicer may participate
in and assume the defense and settlement of a Proceeding at its expense. If the Issuing Entity or the Servicer notifies the Indemnified
Person of its intention to assume the defense of the Proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, and so
long as the Issuing Entity or the Servicer assumes the defense of the Proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Person, the Issuing Entity and the Servicer will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Person unless there
is a conflict between the interests of the Issuing Entity or the Servicer, as applicable, and an Indemnified Person. If there is a conflict,
the Issuing Entity or the Servicer will pay for the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel to the Indemnified Person. No settlement
of a Proceeding may be made without the approval of the Issuing Entity and the Servicer and the Indemnified Person, which approval will
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

9

(c) Survival
of Obligations. The Issuing Entitys and the Servicers obligations under this Section 4.05 will survive the resignation
or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer and the termination or assignment of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, indemnities,
fees and expenses payable to the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to Sections 4.02 and 4.05 of this Agreement are not limited
to the annual maximum amount set forth in the prospectus.

(d) Repayment.
If the Issuing Entity or the Servicer makes any payment under this Section 4.05 and the Indemnified Parties later collects any of
the amounts for which the payments were made to it from others, the Indemnified Person will promptly repay the amount to the Issuing
Entity or the Servicer, as applicable.

Section 4.06 Inspections
of Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer agrees that, with reasonable advance notice not more than once during any year, it will permit authorized representatives of
the Issuing Entity, the Servicer or the Administrator, during the Asset Representations Reviewers normal business hours, to examine
and review the books of account, records, reports and other documents and materials of the Asset Representations Reviewer relating to
(a) the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement, (b) payments of fees and
expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer for its performance and (c) a claim made by the Asset Representations Reviewer under
this Agreement. In addition, the Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuing Entitys, the Servicers or the Administrators
representatives to make copies and extracts of any of those documents and to discuss them with the Asset Representations Reviewers
officers and employees. Each of the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Administrator will, and will cause its authorized representatives
to, hold in confidence the information except if disclosure may be required by law or if the Issuing Entity, the Servicer or the Administrator
reasonably determines that it is required to make the disclosure under this Agreement or the other Basic Documents. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will maintain all relevant books, records, reports and other documents and materials for a period of at least two years after
the termination of its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 4.07 Delegation
of Obligations.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer may not delegate or subcontract its obligations under this Agreement to any Person without the consent of the Issuing Entity
and the Servicer, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Section 4.08 Confidential
Information.

(a) Treatment.
The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to hold and treat Confidential Information given to it under this Agreement in confidence and
under the terms and conditions of this Section 4.08, and will implement and maintain safeguards to further assure the confidentiality
of the Confidential Information. The Confidential Information will not, without the prior consent of the Issuing Entity and the Servicer,
be disclosed or used by the Asset Representations Reviewer, or its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or Affiliates,
including legal counsel (collectively, the Information Recipients) other than for the purposes of performing Reviews
of Review Receivables or performing its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that it will not,
and will cause its Affiliates to not (i) purchase or sell securities issued by the Depositor or its Affiliates or special purpose
entities on the basis of Confidential Information or (ii) use the Confidential Information for the preparation of research reports,
newsletters or other publications or similar communications.

10

(b) Definition.
Confidential Information means oral, written and electronic materials (irrespective of its source or form of communication)
furnished to or obtained by the Asset Representations Reviewer before, on or after the date of this Agreement, including without limitation:

(i) lists
of Review Receivables and any related Review Materials;

(ii) origination
and servicing guidelines, policies and procedures, and form contracts;

(iii) notes,
analyses, compilations, studies or other documents or records prepared by the Servicer, which contain information supplied by or on behalf
of the Servicer or its representatives; and

(iv) all
Issuing Entity PII.

However, except for Issuing
Entity PII (which shall always be deemed to be Confidential Information), Confidential Information will not include information that (A) is
or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Information Recipients, (B) was available
to, or becomes available to, the Information Recipients on a non-confidential basis from a Person or entity other than the Issuing Entity
or the Servicer before its disclosure to the Information Recipients who, to the knowledge of the Information Recipient is not bound by
a confidentiality agreement with the Issuing Entity or the Servicer and is not prohibited from transmitting the information to the Information
Recipients, (C) is independently developed by the Information Recipients without the use of the Confidential Information, as shown
by the Information Recipients files and records or other evidence in the Information Recipients possession or (D) the
Issuing Entity or the Servicer provides permission to the applicable Information Recipients to release.

(c) Protection.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of Confidential Information,
and shall use at least the same standard of care that it uses to protect its own confidential information and not less than a reasonable
standard of care. The Asset Representations Reviewer acknowledges that Personally Identifiable Information is also subject to the additional
requirements in Section 4.09.

(d) Disclosure.
If the Asset Representations Reviewer is required by applicable law, regulation, rule or order issued by an administrative, governmental,
regulatory or judicial authority to disclose part of the Confidential Information, it may disclose the Confidential Information. However,
before a required disclosure, the Asset Representations Reviewer, if permitted by law, regulation, rule or order, will use its reasonable
efforts to provide the Issuing Entity and the Servicer with notice of the requirement and will cooperate, at the Servicers expense,
in the Issuing Entitys and the Servicers pursuit of a proper protective order or other relief for the disclosure of the
Confidential Information. If the Issuing Entity or the Servicer is unable to obtain a protective order or other proper remedy by the date
that the information is required to be disclosed, the Asset Representations Reviewer will disclose only that part of the Confidential
Information that it is advised by its legal counsel it is legally required to disclose.

11

(e) Responsibility
for Information Recipients. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be responsible for a breach of this Section 4.08 by its Information
Recipients.

(f) Violation.
The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that a violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the Issuing Entity and the
Servicer, and the Issuing Entity and the Servicer may seek injunctive relief in addition to legal remedies. If an action is initiated
by the Issuing Entity or the Servicer to enforce this Section 4.08, the prevailing party will be reimbursed for its fees and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred for the enforcement.

Section 4.09 Personally
Identifiable Information.

(a) Definitions.
Personally Identifiable Information or PII means information in any format about an identifiable
individual, including name, address, phone number, e-mail address, account number(s), identification number(s), any other actual or assigned
attribute associated with or identifiable to an individual and any information that when used separately or in combination with other
information could identify an individual. Issuing Entity PII means PII furnished by the Issuing Entity, the Servicer
or their Affiliates to the Asset Representations Reviewer and PII developed or otherwise collected or acquired by the Asset Representations
Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Use
of Issuing Entity PII. The Issuing Entity does not grant the Asset Representations Reviewer any rights to Issuing Entity PII except
as provided in this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will use Issuing Entity PII only to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or as specifically directed in writing by the Issuing Entity and will only reproduce Issuing Entity PII to the extent necessary
for these purposes. The Asset Representations Reviewer must comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including without limitation
501(b) of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information
(12 C.F.R. Section 208, Appendix D-2)) applicable to PII, Issuing Entity PII or the Asset Representations Reviewers business,
including any legally required codes of conduct, including those relating to privacy, security and data protection (collectively, Privacy
Laws). The Asset Representations Reviewer will protect and secure Issuing Entity PII and prevent the improper use or disclosure
thereof. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement privacy or data protection policies and procedures that comply with applicable
law and this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement and maintain reasonable and appropriate practices, procedures
and systems, including administrative, technical and physical safeguards to (i) protect the security, confidentiality and integrity
of Issuing Entity PII, (ii) ensure against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Issuing Entity PII, (iii) protect
against unauthorized access to or use of Issuing Entity PII and (iv) otherwise comply with its obligations under this Agreement.
These safeguards include a written data security plan, employee training, information access controls, restricted disclosures, systems
protections (e.g., intrusion protection, data storage protection and data transmission protection) and physical security measures.

12

(c) Additional
Requirements and Limitations. In addition to the use and protection requirements described in Section 4.09(b), the Asset Representations
Reviewers disclosure of Issuing Entity PII is also subject to the following requirements:

(i) The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not disclose Issuing Entity PII to its personnel or allow its personnel access to Issuing Entity PII
except (A) for the Asset Representations Reviewer personnel who require Issuing Entity PII to perform a Review, (B) with the
prior written consent of the Issuing Entity and the Servicer or (C) as required by applicable law. When permitted, the disclosure
of or access to Issuing Entity PII will be limited to the specific information necessary for the individual to complete the assigned task.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will inform personnel with access to Issuing Entity PII of the confidentiality requirements in this
Agreement and train its personnel with access to Issuing Entity PII on the proper use and protection of Issuing Entity PII.

(ii) The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not sell, disclose, provide or exchange Issuing Entity PII with or to any third party without the
prior written consent of the Issuing Entity and the Servicer.

(iii) The
Asset Representations Reviewer agrees, represents and warrants that the Asset Representations Reviewer has, and will continue to have,
adequate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to: (a) to ensure the security and confidentiality of all PII;
(b) to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of PII; and (c) to protect against unauthorized
acquisition of, access to or use of PII which could result in a breach as that terms is defined under applicable Privacy
Laws, or substantial harm to Issuing Entity or Servicer or any individual about whom Issuing Entity or Servicer has or collects financial
and other information.

(iv) The
Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to provide Issuing Entity and Servicer with information regarding its and its representatives
privacy and information security systems, policies and procedures as Issuing Entity or Servicer may reasonably request relating to its
compliance with this Agreement and applicable Privacy Laws. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to provide training in the Privacy
Laws and Asset Representations Reviewers information security policies to all Asset Representations Reviewer personnel whose duties
pursuant to this Agreement could bring them in contact with PII. The Asset Representations Reviewer shall comply at all times with Servicers
information security policies and procedures in connection with any access to or use of Servicers network or systems.

(d) Notice
of Breach. The Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Issuing Entity and the Servicer promptly in the event of an actual or
reasonably suspected security breach, unauthorized access, misappropriation or other compromise of the security, confidentiality or integrity
of Issuing Entity PII and, where applicable, immediately take action to prevent any further breach.

13

(e) Return
or Disposal of Issuing Entity PII. Except where return or disposal is prohibited by applicable law, promptly on the earlier of the
completion of the Review or the request of the Issuing Entity or the Servicer, all Issuing Entity PII in any medium in the Asset Representations
Reviewers possession or under its control will be (i) destroyed in a manner that prevents its recovery or restoration or (ii) if
so directed by the Issuing Entity or the Servicer, returned to the Issuing Entity or the Servicer, as applicable, without the Asset Representations
Reviewer retaining any actual or recoverable copies, in both cases, without charge to the Issuing Entity or the Servicer. Where the Asset
Representations Reviewer retains Issuing Entity PII, the Asset Representations Reviewer will limit the Asset Representations Reviewers
further use or disclosure of Issuing Entity PII to that required by applicable law.

(f) Compliance;
Modification. The Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with and provide information to the Issuing Entity regarding the Asset
Representations Reviewers compliance with this Section 4.09. The Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer, the Administrator
and the Issuing Entity agree to modify this Section 4.09 as necessary for any of the parties to comply with applicable law.

(g) Audit
of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuing Entity and the Servicer and each of
their authorized representatives to audit the Asset Representations Reviewers compliance with this Section 4.09 during the
Asset Representations Reviewers normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, and not
more than once during any year unless circumstances necessitate additional audits. Each of the Issuing Entity and the Servicer agrees
to make reasonable efforts to schedule any audit described in this Section 4.09 with the inspections described in Section 4.06.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will also permit the Issuing Entity and the Servicer during normal business hours on reasonable advance
notice to audit any service providers used by the Asset Representations Reviewer to fulfill the Asset Representations Reviewers
obligations under this Agreement and the Asset Representations Reviewer shall make commercially reasonable efforts to cause such service
providers to permit the Issuing Entity and the Servicer to conduct such audit.

(h) Affiliates
and Third Parties. If the Asset Representations Reviewer processes the PII of the Issuing Entitys Affiliates or a third party
when performing a Review, and if such Affiliate or third party is identified to the Asset Representations Reviewer, such Affiliate or
third party is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 4.09, and this Agreement is intended to benefit the Affiliate
or third party. The Affiliate or third party may enforce the PII related terms of this Section 4.09 against the Asset Representations
Reviewer as if each were a signatory to this Agreement.

Article V

REMOVAL, RESIGNATION

Section 5.01 Eligibility
of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer must be a Person who (a) is not Affiliated with World Omni, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner
Trustee or any of their Affiliates and (b) was not, and is not Affiliated with a Person that was, engaged by World Omni or any underwriter
to perform any due diligence on the Receivables prior to the Closing Date.

14

Section 5.02 Resignation
and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) No
Resignation. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not resign as Asset Representations Reviewer unless it determines it is legally
unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement and there is no reasonable action that it could take to make the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement permitted under applicable law. In such event, the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver a
notice of its resignation to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer, together with an opinion of counsel supporting its determination.

(b) Removal.
If any of the following events occur, the Issuing Entity, by notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, may remove the Asset Representations
Reviewer and terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement:

(i) the
Asset Representations Reviewer no longer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01;

(ii) the
Asset Representations Reviewer breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations in this Agreement; or

(iii) an
Insolvency Event of the Asset Representations Reviewer occurs.

(c) Notice
of Resignation or Removal. The Issuing Entity will notify the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee of any resignation
or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(d) Continue
to Perform After Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective, and the
Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement, until a successor Asset Representations
Reviewer has accepted its engagement according to Section 5.03(b).

Section 5.03 Successor
Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) Engagement
of Successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Following the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuing
Entity will engage a successor Asset Representations Reviewer who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 5.01.

(b) Effectiveness
of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective until the successor Asset
Representations Reviewer has executed and delivered to the Issuing Entity and the Servicer an agreement accepting its engagement and agreeing
to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement or entering into a new agreement with the Issuing
Entity on substantially the same terms as this Agreement.

(c) Transition
and Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed, the Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with
the Issuing Entity and the Servicer and take all actions reasonably requested to assist the Issuing Entity in making an orderly transition
of the Asset Representations Reviewers rights and obligations under this Agreement to the successor Asset Representations Reviewer.
The outgoing Asset Representations Reviewer will pay the reasonable expenses of transitioning the Asset Representations Reviewers
obligations under this Agreement and preparing the successor Asset Representations Reviewer to take on the obligations on receipt of an
invoice with reasonable detail of the expenses from the Issuing Entity and the Servicer or the successor Asset Representations Reviewer.

15

Section 5.04 Merger,
Consolidation or Succession.

Any Person (a) into
which the Asset Representations Reviewer is merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the
Asset Representations Reviewer is a party or (c) succeeding to the business of the Asset Representations Reviewer, if that Person
meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01, will be the successor to the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement.
Such Person will execute and deliver to the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Administrator an agreement to assume the Asset Representations
Reviewers obligations under this Agreement (unless the assumption happens by operation of law).

Article VI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01 Independence
of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

For
all purposes of this Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the
supervision of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee for the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement. Unless expressly authorized by the Basic Documents or the Issuing Entity, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall have
no authority to act for or to represent the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee in any way (other than as permitted hereunder) and shall
not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee. Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall
constitute the Asset Representations Reviewer, on the one hand, and the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, on the other hand, as members
of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed
to impose any liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent
authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others.

Section 6.02 No
Petition.

Each of the parties agrees
that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after payment in full of all securities
issued by the Depositor, the Issuing Entity or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor, it will not start or pursue against,
or join any other Person in starting or pursuing against the Depositor or the Issuing Entity, any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 6.02 will
survive the termination of this Agreement.

16

Section 6.03 Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee.

It is expressly understood
and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee Bank, not individually or personally
but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under the Trust Agreement, (ii) each
of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuing Entity is made and intended not as personal
representations, undertakings and agreements by the Trustee Bank, but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuing
Entity, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Trustee Bank, individually or personally,
to perform any covenant of the Issuing Entity, either expressed or implied, contained herein, all such liability of the Trustee Bank
in its individual or personal capacity, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any person claiming by, through or
under the parties hereto, (iv) the Trustee Bank has made no investigation into the accuracy or completeness of any representations
or warranties made by the Issuing Entity in this Agreement, and (v) under no circumstances shall the Trustee Bank be personally
liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuing Entity under this Agreement or any other related documents.

Section 6.04 Termination
of Agreement.

This Agreement will terminate,
except for the obligations under Section 4.04 and the other obligations of the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer specified as surviving the termination of this Agreement, on the earlier of (a) the payment in full of all outstanding
Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, (b) the date the Issuing Entity is terminated under the Trust Agreement
and (c) the removal or resignation of the Asset Representations Reviewer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Article VII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 7.01 Amendments.

(a) This
Agreement may be amended by the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer, without the consent of any of the
Noteholders or the Certificateholders or any other Person, to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provisions in this Agreement
or for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of
modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders; provided that such amendments require: (i) satisfaction
of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) an Officers Certificate of the Servicer delivered to the Issuing Entity, the Owner
Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder or
Certificateholder.

17

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Issuing Entity, the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer, with the
consent of Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 50% of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Securities (unless (i) the
interests of the Noteholders are not affected materially and adversely, (ii) an Officers Certificate of the Servicer to that
effect is delivered to the Indenture Trustee by the Depositor and (iii) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition) and the consent
of the Holders (as defined in the Trust Agreement) of Certificates evidencing not less than 50% of the percentage interest of the Certificates
(unless (i) the interests of the Certificateholders are not affected materially and adversely and (ii) an Officers Certificate
of the Servicer to that effect is delivered to the Owner Trustee by the Depositor) for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing
in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the
Certificateholders; provided, however, that no such amendment shall (a)change the date of payment of any installment
of principal of or interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, (b) change the provisions of this Agreement relating
to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the
Notes or (c) reduce the consent percentages in this sentence, without the consent of the Holders of all outstanding Notes and the
Holders (as defined in the Trust Agreement) of all the outstanding Certificates affected thereby.

(c) Promptly
after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Servicer shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment
or consent to the Indenture Trustee and each of the Rating Agencies.

(d) It
shall not be necessary for the consent of Certificateholders or Noteholders pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form
of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.

(e) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuing Entity, shall be entitled to receive
and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement
and that all conditions precedent thereto have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such
amendment which affects the Owner Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

Section 7.02 Assignment;
Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries.

(a) Assignment.
Except as stated in Section 5.04, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset Representations Reviewer without the consent of
the Issuing Entity and the Servicer.

(b) Benefit
of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted
successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, will be third-party beneficiaries
of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer. No other Person will have
any right or obligation under this Agreement.

18

Section 7.03 Notices.

(a) Notices
to Parties. All notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties must be in writing and
will be considered given:

(i) for
overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three (3) days after deposit in the mail;

(ii) for
a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii) for
an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv) for
an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without the requirement
of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has occurred.

(b) Notice
Addresses. Any notice, request, demand, consent, waiver or other communication will be addressed as follows: (a) in the case
of the Servicer, World Omni Financial Corp., 250 Jim Moran Boulevard, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, Telecopy: (954) 429-2685, Attention:
Treasurer, (b) in the case of the Issuing Entity or the Owner Trustee, at its Corporate Trust Office, and (c) in the case of
the Asset Representations Reviewer, via electronic mail to ARRNotices@clayton.com, and to Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, 720 S. Colorado
Blvd., Suite 200, Glendale, CO 80246, Attention: Legal Department, or, in each case, to another address as a party may give by notice
to the other parties.

Section 7.04 GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 7.05 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, THE
right to trial by jury in ANY legal proceeding relating to this agreement.

Section 7.06 No
Waiver; Remedies. No partys failure or delay in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a
waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or
remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any
powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section 7.07 Severability.
If a part of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement
and will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section 7.08 Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

19

Section 7.09 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts
will together be one document. Each of the parties agree that this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith
may be electronically signed, that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures
provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider) appearing on this Agreement or such other documents are the same as handwritten
signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or
a signed copy of, this Agreement and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing
Entity, the Servicer, the Administrator and the Asset Representations Reviewer have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-A, as Issuing Entity

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Bruce C. Wandersee

Name: Bruce C. Wandersee

Title: Vice President

WORLD
OMNI FINANCIAL CORP.,

as Servicer and Administrator

By: /s/ Claude S. Simon

Name: Claude S. Simon

Title: Assistant Treasurer

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

By: /s/ Anthony Neske

Name: Anthony Neske

Title: Senior Vice President

Schedule A

Review Materials

Retail Installment Sale Contract

Modification Agreement or Correction Notices to the Contract

Title Documents (Certificate of Title, E-Title or Application for Title)

Receivable File including:

Servicing System Screenshots

Servicing System Comment History

Data file from Servicing System

List of Approved Contract Form Numbers and Revision Dates

Sch. A

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Schedule B

Representations and Warranties and Tests

Representation

(i) Characteristics
of Receivables. Each Receivable (1) (A) was originated in the United States of America by a Dealer for the retail sale of
a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of such Dealers business, was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto, and
was purchased by World Omni from such Dealer under an existing dealer agreement, (B) was originated by World Omni, or (C) was
originated by an independent third party and acquired by World Omni, (2) contains customary and enforceable provisions such that
the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are adequate for realization against the collateral of the benefits of the security, and
(3) provides for level monthly payments after the Cutoff Date (provided, that the payment in the first or last month in the life
of the Receivable may vary from the level monthly payments) that fully amortize the Amount Financed by maturity and yield interest at
the Annual Percentage Rate or Contract Rate, as applicable.

Documents

Retail Contract

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Origination of the Receivable

A. Confirm the contract reports a Dealer located in the United States, was signed by the Buyer, Co-buyer
(if applicable) and Seller, and lists World Omni as the assignee within the assignment section

B. Confirm the Contract lists World Omni as the Seller or if originated by a third party, confirm the Contract
was assigned to World Omni

2. Customary and Enforceable Provisions

A. Observe the Contract and confirm it was completed electronically or, if completed on paper, confirm the
form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms

3. Payment Schedule Structure

A. Confirm all payments after the Cutoff Date are equivalent with the possible exception of the first and
last months payments which may differ from the level monthly payment

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-1

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

B. Confirm that the product of the Number of Payments and the Amount of Payments, together with any first
and last months payment (if applicable), equals the Total of Payments as stated within the Truth in Lending section of the contract

C. Confirm the Finance Charge is calculated based on the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) or Contract Rate, as
applicable, as stated within the Truth in Lending section of the contract

4. If sections (1) through (3) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-2

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(ii) Compliance
with Law. To the best of World Omnis knowledge, each Receivable and the sale of the Financed Vehicle complied at the time it
was originated or made and, at the execution of this Agreement, complies in all material respects with all requirements of applicable
federal, state and local laws and regulations thereunder, including usury laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act,
the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureaus Regulations B and Z, and State adaptations of the National
Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws.

Documents

Retail Contract

Receivable File

Data File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Observe the Contract and confirm it was completed electronically or, if completed on paper, confirm the
form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

2. Observe the APR or Contract Rate, as applicable, disclosed on the Contract, taking into account any Amendments.
Compute the APR or Contract Rate, as applicable, using the Amount Financed, Number of Payments, date of the
Contract, first payment due date, and Amount of Payments from the Contract, taking into account any Amendments. Compare
the computed APR or Contract Rate, as applicable, to the APR or Contract Rate, as applicable, disclosed and confirm the difference between
them is within the legal tolerance of 0.125 percent.

3. If section (1) and (2) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-3

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(iii) Binding
Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor, enforceable
by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in
general, and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity).

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Observe the Contract and confirm it was completed electronically or, if completed on paper, confirm the
form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms

2. Confirm the Buyer and Co-buyer (if applicable) signed the contract

3. If sections (1) and (2) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-4

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(iv) No
Government Obligor. No Receivable is due from the United States of America or any State or from any agency, department or instrumentality
of the United States of America or any State.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the Buyer section of the contract includes the name of a natural person

2. If the Buyer section on the contract does not report a natural persons name, confirm internet search
results shown no indication the Buyer is the United States of America or any State, or any agency, department or instrumentality of the
United States of America or any State

3. If section (1) or (2) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-5

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(v) Security
Interest in Financed Vehicle. Immediately prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof, each Receivable shall be secured by
a validly perfected first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of World Omni as secured party or all necessary
and appropriate actions have been commenced that would result in the valid perfection of a first priority security interest in the Financed
Vehicle in favor of the Depositor as secured party and is assignable by World Omni to the Depositor, by the Depositor to the Issuing Entity
and by the Issuing Entity to the Indenture Trustee.

Documents

Retail Contract

Title Documents

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the title documents report World Omni, or an acceptable variation of the name, as the first lien
holder

2. Confirm the Buyers name on the contract matches the name on the title documents

3. Confirm the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on the contract matches the VIN number on the title documents

4. If sections (1) through (3) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-6

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(vi) Receivables
in Force. No Receivable has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any Financed Vehicle been released from the Lien granted
by the related Receivable in whole or in part.

Documents

Receivable File

Data File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Receivable was satisfied prior to the
Cutoff Date

2. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Receivable was subordinated or rescinded

3. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Financed Vehicle has been released
from the Lien in whole or in part

4. If sections (1) through (3) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-7

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(vii) No
Amendments. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any Receivable has been amended such that the amount of the
Obligors scheduled payments has been increased.

Documents

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the scheduled monthly payment as reported within the Data File is less than or equal to the level
monthly payment as reported on the contract

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-8

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(viii) No
Waiver. No provision of a Receivable has been waived, other than a discretionary waiver of a late payment charge or any other fees
that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable or in connection with any extension which is reflected in the Servicers
computer system.

Documents

Retail Contract

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm there is no indication within the receivable file that any provision of the Receivable has been
waived, so as to reduce the interest or principal balance

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-9

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(ix) No
Defenses. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense has
been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable.

Documents

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that the Receivable is subject to rescission,
setoff, counterclaim or defense that would cause the Receivable to become invalid

2. Confirm there is no indication of litigation or attorney involvement in the Receivable File

3. If sections (1) and (2) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-10

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(x) No
Liens. The Servicers computer system does not reflect that any liens or claims have been filed for work, labor or materials
relating to a Financed Vehicle that are liens prior or equal to the security interest in the Financed Vehicle granted by any Receivable.

Documents

Title Documents

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the title documents designate World Omni as the first lien holder and that no other senior lien
holder is listed

2. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that any liens or claims have been filed for
work, labor or materials relating to the Financed Vehicle that are prior or equal to the security interest granted in the Financed Vehicle

3. If sections (1) and (2) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-11

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xi) No
Default. No Receivable has a Scheduled Payment for which more than $40.00 is more than 30 days past due as of the Cutoff Date, and,
except as permitted in this paragraph, the Servicers computer system does not reflect that any default, breach, violation or event
permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable has occurred and is continuing nor that a continuing condition that with notice
or the lapse of time would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable
has arisen; and World Omni has not waived and, except as permitted hereby, shall not waive any of the foregoing.

Documents

Receivable File

Data File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm there is no indication of any default, breach, violation or event that would permit acceleration
under the terms of the Receivable

2. Confirm that no scheduled payment which exceeds the allowable delinquent payment amount is more than 30
days past due as of the Cutoff Date

3. Confirm there is no evidence of a continuing condition which could constitute a default, breach, violation
or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable

4. If sections (1) through (3) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-12

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xii) Insurance.
Under the terms of each Receivable, the related Obligor is required to maintain physical damage insurance covering the Financed Vehicle
and to have World Omni named as the loss payee.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the contract contains language that requires the Obligor to obtain and maintain physical damage
insurance covering the Finance Vehicle and naming either World Omni, SETF or Southeast Toyota Finance or a reasonable name variation thereof,
as the loss payee

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-13

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xiii) Title.
No Receivable has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged (x) by World Omni to any Person other than the Depositor or (y) by
the Depositor to any Person other than the Issuing Entity.

Documents

Retail Contract

Title Documents

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the title documents designate World Omni as the first lien holder and that no other senior lien
holder is listed

2. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Receivable has been sold, transferred
assigned or pledged to any Person other than World Omni

3. If sections (1) and (2) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-14

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xiv) Lawful
Assignment. No Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer and
assignment of such Receivable under this Agreement or the Indenture is unlawful, void or voidable.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Observe the Contract and confirm it was completed electronically or, if completed on paper, confirm the
form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-15

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xv) One
Authoritative Copy or Original. There is only one authoritative copy of any Receivable constituting electronic
chattel paper as defined in the UCC. There is only one executed original of any Receivable constituting tangible chattel
paper as defined in the UCC.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. For any Receivable constituting electronic chattel paper, confirm there is one authoritative
copy of the Contract. For any Receivable constituting tangible chattel paper, confirm there is one executed original
of the Contract

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-16

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xvi) Maturity
of Receivables. Each Receivable has a scheduled maturity date not later than March 12, 2031.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the scheduled maturity date, as of the Cutoff Date, is on or before the latest allowable maturity
date

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-17

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xvii) Scheduled
Payments. As of the Cutoff Date, each Receivable had a first scheduled due date on or prior to the end of the third month immediately
following the Cutoff Date.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the first scheduled due date on the contract is no later than the last day of the last allowable
month after the Cutoff Date

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-18

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xviii) Outstanding
Principal Balance. Each Receivable has an outstanding principal balance of at least $500.00.

Documents

Data File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the unpaid balance as stated within the Data File is greater than or equal to the minimum allowable
outstanding principal balance

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-19

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xix) No
Bankruptcies. No Obligor on any Receivable was noted in the Servicers computer system as having filed for bankruptcy.

Documents

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Receivable was the subject of any bankruptcy
proceeding or insolvency proceeding as of the Cutoff Date

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-20

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xx) No
Repossessions. No Receivable was secured by a Financed Vehicle that had been repossessed without reinstatement of the related contract.

Documents

Receivable File

Data File

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the status of the Financed Vehicle is not reported as repossessed as of the Cutoff Date

2. If the Financed Vehicle is reported as repossessed, confirm the Obligor subsequently reinstated the contract
prior to the Cutoff Date

3. If sections (1) or (2) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-21

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xxi) Chattel
Paper. Each Receivable constitutes electronic chattel paper or tangible chattel paper as defined in the
UCC.

Documents

Retail Contract

Title Documents

Procedures to be Performed

1. Observe the Contract and confirm it was completed electronically or, if completed on paper, confirm the
form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms

2. Confirm there is a signature under the appropriate Buyer, Co-buyer (if applicable) and Seller signature
lines within the contract

3. Confirm the contract reports an amount financed greater than zero

4. Confirm there is documentation of a lien against the Financed Vehicle

5. If sections (1) through (4) are confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-22

World Omni Financial Corp. Retail Agreed Upon Procedures

Representation

(xxii) Prepayment.
Each Receivable provides that a prepayment by the related Obligor will fully pay the principal balance and accrued interest through the
date of prepayment based on such Receivables Annual Percentage Rate or Contract Rate, as applicable.

Documents

Retail Contract

Procedures to be Performed

1. Confirm the contract contains a prepayment disclosure

2. If section (1) is confirmed, then Test Pass

2016 Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.
All rights reserved.

This material is confidential and may not be copied,
used or distributed without the written permission of Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC.

Sch. B-23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm252785d11_ex99-3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>