<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007102.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007102.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115165431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001347185
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001002761
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AFS SENSUB CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347185
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				880475154
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-140931
		FILM NUMBER:		25533491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY ST STE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8173027000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY STREET SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFS SenSub Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-275606-04
		FILM NUMBER:		25533492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY ST STE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8173027000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY STREET SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d882419d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

January 15, 2025 

GM
Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

AFS SenSub Corp. 

(Exact name of depositor as specified in its charter) 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

333-275606-04

(Commission File

Number) 

33-6564189

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification
No.)

c/o AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

Attention: Frank E. Brown III, Esq.

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500

Fort Worth, Texas

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices) 

76102

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number including area code - (817)
302-7000

(Former name or
former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events

AFS SenSub Corp. (AFS SenSub), as depositor, and AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial
(GM Financial), as sponsor, have caused a newly formed issuing entity, GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Issuing Entity), to issue $292,000,000
Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), $340,070,000
Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes),
$214,060,000 Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B Notes), $554,120,000 Class A-3 4.62% Asset
Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $99,930,000 Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes (the Class
A-4 Notes), $25,490,000 Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, the Publicly Offered Notes) and $23,890,000 Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class C Notes and together with the Publicly Offered Notes, the Notes), and an Asset Backed Certificate (the Certificate), on January 15, 2025 (the Closing Date). The
Publicly Offered Notes will be registered under the Registration Statement filed by the Registrant and AFS SenSub Corp. with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the file number 333-275606. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the issuance of the
Publicly Offered Notes to satisfy an undertaking to file unqualified validity and tax opinions at the time of each takedown from the Registration Statement. Copies of the validity and tax opinions delivered by Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, counsel to
the Registrants, in connection with the issuance of the Publicly Offered Notes are attached hereto as Exhibits 5.1 and 8.1, respectively. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits. 

(a) Not applicable. 

(b) Not applicable. 

(c) Not applicable. 

(d) Exhibits: 

5.1 Opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP with respect to validity. 

8.1 Opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP with respect to tax matters. 

2 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, as Servicer

By: /s/ Frank E. Brown III 

Name: Frank E. Brown III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Counsel and

Secretary

Dated: January 15, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d882419dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

50 Rockefeller Plaza 

New York, NY 10020-1605 

212.940.8800 tel 

www.katten.com 

January 15, 2025 

To the Addressees Listed

on Schedule I hereto 

Re: 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 
Enforceability Opinion

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special counsel to AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation
(GM Financial) and AFS SenSub Corp. (AFS SenSub), a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of GM Financial, and GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2025-1 (the Issuer) as to certain matters in connection with the issuance of the $292,000,000 Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class A-1 Notes), $340,070,000 Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes), $214,060,000 Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the
Class A-2-B Notes), $554,120,000 Class A-3 4.62% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $99,930,000 Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes), $25,490,000
Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes and, collectively with the Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, the Publicly Offered Notes) and $23,890,000 Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class C Notes and, collectively with the Publicly Offered Notes, the Notes), and an Asset Backed Certificate (the Certificate and together with the Notes, the Securities).
The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee) and Trust Collateral Agent
(in such capacity, the Trust Collateral Agent). The Issuer has been formed and the Certificate will be issued pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2024, as amended and restated as of January 15, 2025
(the Trust Agreement), between AFS SenSub and Wilmington Trust Company (WTC), as Owner Trustee (the Owner Trustee). 

The assets which will be sold to the Issuer on the Closing Date for the benefit of the Certificateholder and the Noteholders
include a pool of retail installment sales contracts (the Receivables) secured by new and used automobiles and light duty trucks and utility vehicles; all monies paid or payable thereunder after December 3, 2024; security
interests in the vehicles financed thereby; certain bank accounts and the proceeds thereof; the right to receive certain insurance proceeds; and certain other property. The Receivables are purchased by GM Financial from Dealers or are originated by
GM Financial directly or through an Originating Affiliate. 

KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN LLP 

CENTURY CITY CHARLOTTE CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES 

NEW YORK ORANGE COUNTY SHANGHAI WASHINGTON, DC 

A limited liability partnership including professional corporations 

LONDON: KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN UK LLP 

January 15, 2025 

Page
2

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the
Purchase Agreement), between GM Financial and AFS SenSub, AFS SenSub will purchase the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property from GM Financial. Pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025
(the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuer, AFS SenSub, GM Financial and the Trust Collateral Agent, the Issuer will purchase the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property from AFS SenSub. The Issuer will issue the
Notes pursuant to the Indenture and will sell the Publicly Offered Notes to Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. (Credit Agricole or the Representative), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (Deutsche Bank
Securities), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (J.P. Morgan), Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (Morgan Stanley), TD Securities (USA) LLC (TD Securities), Academy Securities, Inc.
(Academy Securities), BMO Capital Markets Corp. (BMO Capital Markets), RBC Capital Markets, LLC (RBC Capital Markets), and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. (SMBC Nikko
and collectively with the Representative, Deutsche Bank Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, TD Securities, Academy Securities, BMO Capital Markets and RBC Capital Markets, the Underwriters), pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, dated January 9, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among AFS SenSub, GM Financial and the Representative. The Underwriters subsequently will sell the Publicly Offered Notes to investors. The Class C Notes
will initially be retained by AFS SenSub or an affiliate thereof. 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have
their respective meanings as set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

As such counsel, we have examined original
or reproduced or certified copies of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of GM Financial, as amended to date, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of AFS SenSub, as amended to date, records of actions taken by the board of directors of each
of GM Financial and AFS SenSub, and the resolutions adopted by the board of directors of each of GM Financial and AFS SenSub ratifying the execution, delivery and participation in the transactions contemplated by the Agreements (as hereinafter
defined). We have examined each of the Agreements, together with the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

The term Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus dated January 6, 2025, relating to
the Publicly Offered Notes (which omitted certain Rule 430D Information), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule 424(h) of the Rules and Regulations (as hereinafter defined)
including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) at the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Publicly Offered Notes (which
omitted certain Rule 430D Information). The term Prospectus means the prospectus dated January 9, 2025 relating to the Publicly Offered Notes, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations
including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the 1933 Act at the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Publicly Offered Notes. The term Free Writing Prospectus means the free
writing prospectus, dated January 6, 2025 and filed with the Commission on January 6, 2025, relating to the ratings on the Publicly Offered Notes as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433 of the Rules and Regulations. The term
Time of Sale Information means the Free Writing Prospectus together with the Preliminary Prospectus. 

January 15, 2025 

Page
3

AFS SenSub has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form SF-3 (No. 333-275606), including a form of prospectus, for registration under the 1933 Act of the offering and sale of the Publicly Offered Notes. On January 6, 2025, AFS SenSub filed the Preliminary
Prospectus with the Commission in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430D and Rule 424(h). On January 13, 2025, AFS SenSub filed the Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430D and Rule 424(b). Any information included in the
Prospectus that was omitted from such registration statement at the time it became effective but that is deemed to be part of and included in such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430D is referred to as Rule 430D
Information. Such registration statement, at any given time, including any post-effective amendment filed and declared effective prior to the date of issuance of the Notes and Certificate, the exhibits and any schedules thereto as of such
time, the documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the 1933 Act as of such time and documents otherwise deemed to be part thereof or included therein by the rules and regulations (Rules and Regulations) of the
Commission under the 1933 Act, is herein called the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration Statement. 

The term Agreements as used herein means: (i) the Sale and Servicing Agreement; (ii) the
Purchase Agreement; (iii) the Underwriting Agreement; (iv) the Indenture; (v) the Trust Agreement; and (vi) the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Asset Representations Review
Agreement), among the Issuer, GM Financial and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC. 

We have also examined such
other documents, papers, statutes and authorities as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter set forth. In all such examinations made by us in connection with this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures,
the completeness and authenticity of all records and all documents submitted to us as originals, and the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof. 

As to various matters of fact relevant to the opinions hereinafter expressed, we have relied upon the representations and
warranties contained in the Agreements and statements and certificates of officers and representatives of each of GM Financial and AFS SenSub. 

In rendering the opinions expressed in paragraphs numbered 1, 2 and 3 below, we have assumed, without investigation, that
(i) each Receivable will be enforced in a commercially reasonable manner and (ii) each Receivable has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective Obligor thereunder and constitutes the valid and legally binding
obligation of such Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, subject to standard exceptions. 

We also have assumed, without investigation, (a) as to all parties to the Agreements, the due authorization, execution,
and delivery thereof, and the validity and enforceability thereof against all parties thereto other than GM Financial and AFS SenSub, (b) each party has full power, authority and legal right, under its charter and other governing documents,
corporate and regulatory legislation and the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, to execute and deliver the Agreements to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereunder, (c) GM Financial,
AFS SenSub and the Issuer have their 

January 15, 2025 

Page
4

respective rights in the Receivables as contemplated by the Agreements as of the date such Receivables are sold to AFS SenSub by GM Financial, are sold to the Issuer by AFS SenSub and are pledged
by the Issuer to the Trust Collateral Agent under the Indenture, (d) the purchase price for the Notes has been delivered and received in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Trust Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement (with
respect to the Publicly Offered Notes), and (e) the Agreements will be enforced in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 

We have assumed that the Receivables and rights to receive payment under the Receivables are not and will not be subject to
any right, lien or interest of any government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (including, without limitation, any federal or state tax lien, or lien arising under Title IV of ERISA) and that they are not and will not be subject to any lien
arising by operation of law or any judicial lien. 

We have also assumed that (i) the Publicly Offered Notes
constitute debt and not equity for purposes of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, (ii) each employee benefit plan or retirement arrangement subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, any of whose assets are
invested in a Publicly Offered Note, is a plan or arrangement to which a prohibited transaction exemption is fully available, and (iii) in the event any Publicly Offered Notes are acquired by an employee benefit plan or retirement arrangement
subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, the acquisition, holding and disposition of Publicly Offered
Notes by such plan or arrangement does not violate such laws or regulations. 

With respect to matters of fact, we have
relied, without investigation, on, and assumed the accuracy and completeness of, each Officers Certificate, attached hereto as Exhibits A and B (each, an Officers Certificate and together the Officers
Certificates) and the representations of GM Financial and AFS SenSub and other parties contained in the Agreements and in the instruments and documents delivered in connection with the execution of the Agreements. Where matters are stated
to be to the best of our knowledge, or known to us, our investigations consisted of inquiries of GM Financial and AFS SenSub, the results of which are reflected in the Officers Certificates being furnished to you with this opinion, and we have
not made any investigation as to, and have not independently verified the facts underlying, such matters nor have we undertaken a search of court dockets in any jurisdiction. 

To the extent that our opinions expressed in paragraphs numbered 1, 2 and 3 below are related to the enforceability of the
choice of law provisions contained in the Agreements, such opinions are based upon our reading of the provisions of Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York. While we have
not found any reported cases construing such statutory provisions, we believe that a New York court applying such statutory provisions to the Agreements would give effect to the choice of law provisions set forth therein. 

Statements in this opinion as to the validity, binding effect and enforceability of agreements, instruments and documents are
subject (i) to limitations as to enforceability imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforceability of creditors rights; (ii) to
general limitations under equitable principles limiting the availability of equitable remedies; (iii) to the equitable discretion of 

January 15, 2025 

Page
5

the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought; (iv) as to the enforceability of any security interest or security agreement, to the limitations of good faith, fair dealing
and commercial reasonableness imposed by the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, as in effect on the date hereof (UCC) as to the remedies set out in such agreements, instruments and documents; and (v) as to
rights to indemnity, limitations that may exist under federal and state laws or the public policy underlying such laws. 

Statements in this opinion as to enforceability are further qualified by (i) the application of judicial decisions
involving statutes or principles of equity which have held that certain covenants and other provisions of agreements, including those providing for the acceleration of indebtedness due under debt instruments upon the occurrence of events therein
described, are unenforceable in circumstances where it can be demonstrated that the enforcement of such provisions is not reasonably necessary for the protection of the lender; (ii) the effect of the law of any jurisdiction other than the State
of New York which limits the rate of interest which may be charged or collected; and (iii) the validity, binding effect or enforceability, under certain circumstances, of contractual provisions in the Agreements with respect to indemnification
or waiving defenses to obligations where such indemnification or such waivers are against public policy, or granting self-help or summary remedies. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 

1. Each of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement
and the Underwriting Agreement (the GM Financial Documents) has been duly executed and delivered by GM Financial and constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of GM Financial, enforceable against GM Financial in
accordance with its respective terms. The Purchase Agreement creates in the favor of AFS SenSub a valid and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property sold thereunder by GM
Financial. 

2. Each of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the
Underwriting Agreement (the AFS SenSub Documents) has been duly executed and delivered by AFS SenSub and constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of AFS SenSub, enforceable against AFS SenSub in accordance with its
respective terms. The Sale and Servicing Agreement creates in the favor of the Issuer a valid and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property sold thereunder by AFS SenSub. 

3. Assuming each of the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Asset Representations Review
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto (other than by GM Financial and AFS SenSub), each such agreement constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance
with its terms. The Indenture creates in the favor of the Trust Collateral Agent a valid and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Indenture) pledged thereunder by the Issuer. 

January 15, 2025 

Page
6

4. No consent, approval, authorization or order of,
registration or filing with, or notice to, any court, governmental agency or body or other tribunal is required under federal laws or the laws of the State of New York, for the execution, delivery and performance by GM Financial of the GM Financial
Documents, except such which have been obtained. 

5. No consent, approval, authorization or order of,
registration or filing with, or notice to, any court, governmental agency or body or other tribunal is required under federal laws or the laws of the State of New York, for the execution, delivery and performance by AFS SenSub of the AFS SenSub
Documents, except such which have been obtained. 

6. No consent, approval, authorization or order of,
registration or filing with, or notice to, any court, governmental agency or body or other tribunal is required under federal laws or the laws of the State of New York, for the execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the Indenture and
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except such which have been obtained. 

7. No consent, approval,
authorization or order of, registration or filing with, or notice to, any court, governmental agency or body or other tribunal is required under federal laws or the laws of the State of New York, for the offer, issuance, sale or delivery of the
Notes, in the manner contemplated by the Agreements, except such which have been obtained. 

8. None of the
transfer of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property by GM Financial to AFS SenSub, the transfer of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property by AFS SenSub to the Issuer, the execution, delivery or performance by each of GM Financial of the GM
Financial Documents and AFS SenSub of the AFS SenSub Documents or the issuance of the Notes and the Certificate (a) conflicts or will conflict with or results or will result in a breach of, or constitutes or will constitute a default under, any
law, rule or regulation of the State of New York or federal government presently in effect, or (b) to our knowledge, results in, or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the Receivables, upon the
Notes or upon the Certificate, except as otherwise contemplated by the Agreements, or (c) by operation of law, results in, or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the Receivables, upon the Notes or
upon the Certificate, except as otherwise contemplated by the Agreements. 

9. The Notes have been duly
authorized by all requisite action and, when duly and validly executed by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, will be validly issued and outstanding and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and will constitute legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms. 

10. The Certificate has
been duly authorized by all requisite action and, when duly and validly executed by the Owner Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement, will be validly issued and outstanding and entitled to the benefits of the Trust Agreement. 

11. The Class A-1 Notes are eligible securities within the
meaning of Rule 2a-7(a)(11) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (as amended) (the 1940 Act). 

January 15, 2025 

Page
7

12. The Registration Statement and any amendments thereto have become
effective under the 1933 Act. To the best of our knowledge, (a) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and not withdrawn, and (b) no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or
threatened and not terminated. 

13. At the respective times the Original Registration Statement and each amendment
thereto became effective, at each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430D(f)(2) and at the date hereof, the Registration Statement (other than the information set forth in the financial statements and other
financial and statistical information contained therein, as to which we do not express any belief or opinion), complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the Rules and Regulations. 

14. None of GM Financial, AFS SenSub, or the Issuer is required to be registered as an investment company
under the 1940 Act. The Issuer will rely on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act contained in Section 3(c)(5) of the 1940 Act, although there may be additional exclusions or
exemptions available to the Issuer. The Issuer is not a covered fund for purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (such statutory provision
together with such implementing regulations, the Volcker Rule). 

15. The arrangement pursuant to
which the Receivables are held does not constitute an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. 

16. The direction by AFS SenSub to the Owner Trustee to execute, issue, countersign and deliver the Certificate has
been duly authorized. 

17. AFS SenSub has full power and authority to sell and assign the property to be sold and
assigned to the Issuer as part of the trust estate and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to the Issuer by all necessary corporate action. 

18. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

19. The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, under the captions DESCRIPTION OF THE
NOTES, DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUSDESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES, to the extent such statements purport to summarize certain provisions of the Notes, the Certificate, the
Purchase Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement and the Indenture are fair and accurate in all material respects. 

20. The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, under the captions SUMMARY OF
PROSPECTUSFEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES, SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUSERISA CONSIDERATIONS, SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUSLEGAL INVESTMENT, RISK FACTORS, LEGAL INVESTMENT, MATERIAL U.S.
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES and ERISA 

January 15, 2025 

Page
8

CONSIDERATIONS, insofar as such statements purport to summarize matters of federal law or New York law, or legal conclusions with respect thereto, provide a fair and accurate summary of
such law or conclusions. 

21. The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus under the caption
MATERIAL LEGAL ASPECTS OF THE AUTOMOBILE LOAN CONTRACTS to the extent they constitute matters of law or legal conclusions, are correct in all material respects. 

22. The conditions to the use by AFS SenSub of a registration statement on Form
SF-3 under the Securities Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to Form SF-3, have been satisfied with respect to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
There are no contracts or documents which are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement pursuant to the 1933 Act or the Rules and Regulations thereunder which have not been so filed. 

23. Under Section 9-301(c)(3) of the UCC, the priority of a perfected,
nonpossessory security interest created in any tangible chattel paper (i) in favor of AFS SenSub pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, (ii) in favor of the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and (iii) in favor of the
Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture, will be determined pursuant to the laws of the state in which the tangible chattel paper is located. 

We have rendered legal advice and assistance to GM Financial, AFS SenSub and the Issuer relating to the sale and issuance of
the Notes. Rendering such assistance involved, among other things, discussions and inquiries concerning various legal and related subjects and reviews of certain records, documents, opinions and certificates in accordance with instructions of GM
Financial, AFS SenSub and the Issuer. We also participated with GM Financial, AFS SenSub and the Issuer in conferences with the Representative of the Underwriters and their counsel, during which the contents of the Original Registration Statement,
Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus and related matters were discussed and examined. 

In the course of our examination of the Registration Statement nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to
believe that the Registration Statement (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any
belief), at the time the Original Registration Statement became effective, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading
or that the Registration Statement, including the Rule 430D Information and the Free Writing Prospectus (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted
therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief) at the latest deemed effective time with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430D(f)(2), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

Although we are not
passing upon, and do not assume responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Prospectus (except as set forth in paragraphs numbered 19, 20 and 21 above), in the course of our examination of the Free
Writing Prospectus together with the Prospectus and certain other documents and our 

January 15, 2025 

Page
9

participation in the discussions hereinabove mentioned, no facts have come to our attention which lead us to believe that the Prospectus together with the Free Writing Prospectus (other than the
financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief), at the date thereof or hereof, contained or contains
any untrue statement of a material fact or at the date thereof or hereof, omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. In
addition, nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that, as of the time of first sale (11:54 a.m. New York City time, January 9, 2025), the Time of Sale Information (other than the financial statements and other financial
and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief), when considered together with the information that is presented in the Prospectus that
completes those sections of the Preliminary Prospectus that were presented in blank form therein, contained, or as of the date hereof contains, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, or as of the date hereof omits, to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

This opinion is for the benefit of the addressees hereof and any subsequent transferee of the Notes and it may not be relied
on by any other party or quoted without our express consent in writing. 

We express no opinion on any matter not
discussed in this letter. Copies of this letter may not be made available, and this letter may not be quoted or referred to in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except to (i) any applicable rating agency,
institution providing credit enhancement or liquidity support or governmental or regulatory authority, (ii) any accountant or attorney for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which this letter may be made
available as provided herein and (iii) as otherwise required by law or in connection with any action to which you are a party arising out of the transactions contemplated hereunder to support an assertion by you of a due diligence defense under
federal securities laws. Copies of this letter may be posted by the Issuer or GM Financial to a password protected website accessible by any nonhired nationally recognized statistical rating organization (a NRSRO) that
provides to the Issuer or GM Financial the certification required by subsection (e) of Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor provision to such subsection)
(Rule 17g-5), and agrees to keep this letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5; provided, that no such NRSRO will be entitled to rely on this
letter, and each such NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this letter, will be deemed to have agreed to comply with the terms of this sentence and not to provide copies of this letter to any other person. 

We are members of the bar of the State of New York and this opinion is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware and the laws of the State of New York and the Federal laws of the United States of America. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

SCHEDULE I 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile 

Receivables
Trust 2025-1

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

AFS SenSub Corp. 

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Citibank, N.A., 

as
Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent 

388 Greenwich Street Tower, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10013 

Wilmington Trust Company, 

as Owner Trustee 

Rodney
Square North 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, Delaware 19890 

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. 

as the Representative 

1301 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, New York 10019 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 

One Columbus Circle 

New York,
New York 10019 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New
York 10179 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

1585 Broadway 

New York, New York
10036 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Academy Securities, Inc. 

622
Third Avenue, 12th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. 

151
West 42nd Street 

New York, New York 10036 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

200
Vesey Street, 8th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 

277 Park Avenue, 5th Floor 

New
York, New York 10172 

Fitch Ratings, Inc. 

33 Whitehall Street 

New York,
New York 10004 

Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

7 World Trade Center 

250
Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10007 

Ernst & Young LLP 

5
Times Square 

New York, New York 10036

EXHIBIT A 

AFS SENSUB CORP. 

OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, a Responsible Officer (as defined in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) of AFS SenSub Corp.,
a Nevada corporation (AFS SenSub), hereby certifies as of January 15, 2025, in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this Certificate on behalf of AFS SenSub in connection with the opinion (the
Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP to be given as special counsel to AFS SenSub. I understand that Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP will be relying upon this Certificate in rendering the Opinion and that this Certificate may be
referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf of AFS SenSub. All capitalized terms used in this Certificate and not
defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. The Sale and Servicing Agreement has not been modified,
amended or revoked since January 15, 2025 and is in full force and effect as of the date hereof. 

3. (a) AFS
SenSub is not a party to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative, governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any such Proceeding pending or, to the
best of my knowledge, following due inquiry, threatened. 

(b) There is no judgment, order,
writ, injunction or decree of any court, governmental authority or regulatory agency to which AFS SenSub or its properties is subject. 

4. Except for the AFS SenSub Documents or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by AFS
SenSub on the Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the AFS SenSub Documents, immediately prior to the transfer to the Issuer of the Receivables, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the Notes, the Certificate, the
Receivables or Other Conveyed Property to which AFS SenSub is a party or by which AFS SenSub or any of its properties is bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property. 

5. You may rely upon the representations and warranties that AFS SenSub has made to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the
Underwriters, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder in the AFS SenSub Documents and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by AFS SenSub on the Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of AFS SenSub are
true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date 

hereof. Without limiting the foregoing: (i) AFS SenSub has, immediately prior to the transfer of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer, all right, title and interest in
and to the Receivables, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances other than the rights of the Obligors under their respective loans and the security interest intended to be granted under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture;
(ii) no consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by AFS SenSub of the AFS SenSub Documents, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the Closing
Date; and (iii) the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture contain complete and accurate descriptions of and otherwise identify the property and assets subject to the security interests intended to be granted therein. 

6. Subsequent to the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or contemplated in
the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of AFS SenSub. 

7. AFS SenSub has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate for sale. 

8. All of the equity interest in AFS SenSub, which represents the entire economic interest in AFS SenSub, is
beneficially owned by GM Financial. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate is executed and
delivered as to the date first written above. 

AFS SENSUB CORP.

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Fish

Name: Jeffrey Fish

Title: Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Signature Page to Officers Certificate for Kattens Enforceability Opinion (AFS SenSub)] 

EXHIBIT B 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, an authorized officer of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation
(the Servicer), hereby certifies as of January 15, 2025, in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I
am delivering this Certificate on behalf of the Servicer in connection with the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP to be given as special counsel to the Servicer. I understand that Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP will
be relying upon this Certificate in rendering the Opinion and that this Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this
Certificate on behalf of the Servicer. All capitalized terms used in this Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. The Sale and Servicing Agreement has not been modified, amended or revoked since January 15, 2025 and is in full
force and effect as of the date hereof. 

3. You may rely upon the representations and warranties that the Servicer
has made to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Underwriters, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder in the GM Financial Documents and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Servicer on the Closing Date as
contemplated by the GM Financial Documents. Such representations and warranties of the Servicer are true and correct and complete on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) the Servicer has, immediately prior to the
transfer of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to AFS SenSub, all right, title and interest in and to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances other than the rights of the Obligors
under their respective loans and the security interest intended to be granted under the Purchase Agreement; (b) no consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of
the GM Financial Documents, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to or on the Closing Date; and (c) the Purchase Agreement contains complete and accurate descriptions of and otherwise identifies the property and
assets subject to the security interest intended to be granted therein. 

4. (a) The Servicer is not a party
to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative, governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding, pending or, to the best of my knowledge,
following due inquiry, threatened, other than routine, ordinary course litigation that is not material or likely, if adversely determined, to cause a material adverse effect. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any
court, governmental authority or regulatory agency to which the Servicer or its properties is subject. 

5. Except
for the GM Financial Documents or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Servicer on the Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the GM Financial Documents, immediately prior to the transfer to AFS SenSub
Corp. of the Receivables, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the Notes, the Certificate, the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property to which the Servicer is a party or by which the Servicer or any of its properties is
bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property. 

6. The business conducted by the Servicer, in its capacity as servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, in
performing its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement will be limited to those activities described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and conducted in accordance with the terms thereof. 

7. Subsequent to the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or contemplated in
the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of the Servicer. 

8. The Servicer has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate for sale. 

9. The Servicers outstanding securities are beneficially owned by only General Motors Financial Company, Inc., a Texas
corporation. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate is executed and
delivered as to the date first written above. 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

D/B/A GM FINANCIAL

By: 

/s/ Robert T. Pigott III

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Signature Page to Officers Certificate for Kattens Enforceability Opinion (GM Financial)]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d882419dex81.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.1
<TEXT>
EX-8.1

Exhibit 8.1

1919 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 800

Washington, DC 20006-3404

202.625.3500 tel

202.298.7570
fax

www.katten.com

January 15, 2025 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule One Attached Hereto 

Re: 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 
Tax Opinion

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as tax counsel to AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation (GM
Financial), AFS SenSub Corp., a Nevada corporation (AFS SenSub) and GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Issuer), as to certain matters
in connection with the issuance of the $292,000,000 Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), $340,070,000 Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes),
$214,060,000 Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B
Notes), $554,120,000 Class A-3 4.62% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $99,930,000
Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes), $25,490,000 Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes
and collectively with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, the Publicly Offered Notes)
and $23,890,000 Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the Class C Notes and, collectively with the Publicly Offered Notes, the Notes), which will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 15,
2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee) and Trust Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the Trust Collateral Agent) and the
Certificate which will be issued pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2024, as amended and restated as of January 15, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), between AFS SenSub and Wilmington Trust Company, as
Owner Trustee (the Owner Trustee). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have their respective meanings as set forth in the Indenture. 

The term Prospectus means the Preliminary Prospectus together with the Final Prospectus. 

The term Registration Statement means (i) the Registration Statement on Form SF-3 (No. 333-275606), including the exhibits thereto, (ii) all documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 10 of Form
SF-3 and (iii) any post-effective amendment filed and declared effective prior to the date of issuance of the Notes. The term Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus,
dated January 6, 2025, specifically relating to the Publicly Offered Notes, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule 424 of the Rules and Regulations (Rules and
Regulations) of the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN LLP 

CENTURY CITY CHARLOTTE CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES 

NEW YORK ORANGE COUNTY SHANGHAI WASHINGTON, DC 

A limited liability partnership including professional corporations 

LONDON: KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN UK LLP 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule One Attached Hereto 

January 15, 2025 

Page
2

The term Prospectus means the prospectus, dated
January 9, 2025, specifically relating to the Publicly Offered Notes, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations. 

As tax counsel, we have reviewed such documents as we have deemed appropriate for the purposes of rendering the opinions set
forth below, including the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 among the Issuer, GM Financial, AFS SenSub and the Trust Collateral Agent, the Indenture, the Trust Agreement (together, the Governing
Documents), the Prospectus and other documents and matters of fact and law as we have deemed necessary for purposes of rendering the opinions set forth below. In addition, in conducting our analysis, we have relied on certain
representations made to us by GM Financial and the underwriters. 

We have examined the question of whether the Notes
issued under the Indenture will constitute indebtedness for federal income tax purposes. Our analysis is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder as in effect on
the date hereof and on existing judicial and administrative interpretations thereof. These authorities are subject to change and to differing interpretations, which could apply retroactively. The opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the courts
or the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS). 

In general, whether a transaction constitutes the issuance
of indebtedness for federal income tax purposes is a question of fact, the resolution of which is based primarily upon the economic substance of the instruments and the transaction pursuant to which they are issued rather than the form of the
transaction or the manner in which the instruments are labeled. The IRS and the courts have set forth various factors to be taken into account in determining whether or not a transaction constitutes the issuance of indebtedness for federal income
tax purposes, which we have reviewed as they apply to this transaction. Based on our review, the characteristics of the transaction strongly indicate that in economic substance, the transaction is the issuance of indebtedness, the form of the
transaction is an issuance of indebtedness, and the parties have stated unambiguously their intention to treat the transaction as the issuance of indebtedness for tax purposes. 

Based on the foregoing, and such legal and factual investigations as we have deemed appropriate, we are of the opinion that
for federal income tax purposes: 

(1) To the extent treated for federal income tax purposes
as beneficially owned by a person other than GM Financial and its affiliates for such purposes, the Notes will constitute indebtedness, and not an ownership interest in the automobile loan contracts, nor an equity interest in the Issuer or in a
separate association taxable as a corporation or other taxable entity. 

(2) Assuming the
parties comply with the terms of the Governing Documents, the Issuer will not be characterized as an association, or publicly traded partnership, taxable as a corporation. 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule One Attached Hereto 

January 15, 2025 

Page
3

(3) The statements in the Prospectus under the
heading Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, as they relate to federal income tax matters and to the extent that they constitute matters of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, accurately state all material federal
income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes to the original purchaser. 

This opinion
is for the benefit of the addressees hereof and any subsequent transferee of the Notes and it may not be relied on by any other party or quoted without our express consent in writing. 

Except for the opinions set forth above, we express no opinion as to any other tax consequences of the transaction to any
party under federal, state, local or foreign laws. Copies of this letter may not be made available, and this letter may not be quoted or referred to in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except to (i) any
applicable rating agency, institution providing credit enhancement or liquidity support or governmental or regulatory authority, (ii) any accountant or attorney for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which this
letter may be made available as provided herein and (iii) as otherwise required by law or in connection with any action to which you are a party arising out of the transactions contemplated hereunder to support an assertion by you of a due
diligence defense under federal securities laws. Copies of this letter may be posted by the Issuer or GM Financial to a password protected website accessible by any nonhired nationally recognized statistical rating organization (a
NRSRO) that provides to the Issuer or GM Financial the certification required by subsection (e) of Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor
provision to such subsection) (Rule 17g-5), and agrees to keep this letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5; provided, that no such NRSRO
will be entitled to rely on this letter, and each such NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this letter, will be deemed to have agreed to comply with the terms of this sentence and not to provide copies of this letter to any other person. We place no
limitations in this letter, however, on the disclosure to the IRS of the tax structure or tax treatment of the transactions contemplated in the Governing Documents. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

SCHEDULE ONE 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile 

Receivables Trust 2025-1

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

AFS SenSub Corp. 

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Citibank, N.A., 

as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent 

388 Greenwich Street Tower, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10013

Wilmington Trust Company, 

as Owner Trustee 

Rodney Square
North 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, Delaware 19890

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. 

as the Representative 

1301
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10019 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 

One Columbus
Circle 

New York, New York 10019 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

1585 Broadway 

New York, New York 10036 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017

Academy Securities, Inc. 

622 Third Avenue, 12th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. 

151 West 42nd Street

New York, New York 10036 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 

277 Park
Avenue, 5th Floor 

New York, New York 10172 

Fitch Ratings, Inc. 

33 Whitehall Street 

New York, New York 10004 

Moodys Investors
Service, Inc. 

7 World Trade Center 

250 Greenwich Street

New York, New York 10007 

Ernst & Young LLP 

5 Times Square 

New York, New York 10036
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g882419dsp20.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g882419g0115083815941.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>