<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-011427.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-011427.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207180823
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-011427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001747172
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				830531326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01363
		FILM NUMBER:		25603121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-493-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180718
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230389-8k_kayne.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000174717200017471722025-02-052025-02-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 5, 2025

Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 814-01363 83-0531326

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

717 Texas Avenue, Suite 2200, Houston, TX 77002

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 1 (713) 493-2020

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 KBDC NYSE

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On February 5, 2025, Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc.
(the Company) and Kayne Anderson BDC Financing II, LLC (KABDCF II), a wholly-owned, special purpose financing
subsidiary, entered into an amendment of its senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Funding Facility II).
Under the terms of the amendment, the lenders increased their commitment
from $150 million to $250 million and decreased the interest rate on borrowings outstanding from 3-month term SOFR plus 2.70% to 3-month SOFR plus 2.25%. All other terms of the Revolving Funding Facility II
remain substantially the same.

The foregoing description is only a summary of
the material provisions of the amendment to the Revolving Funding Facility II and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy
of the agreement conformed through this amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023, among Kayne Anderson BDC Financing II, LLC, as Company, Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc., as Parent, the lenders party hereto, the collateral administrator, collateral agent and securities intermediary party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC.

Date: February 7, 2025 By: /s/ Terry A. Hart

Name: Terry A. Hart

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023038901ex10-1_kayne.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 22, 2023, AMONG KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC, AS COMPANY, KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Conformed through Amendment No. 2 to Loan and Security Agreement

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of

December 22, 2023

among

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC,

as Company

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC.,

as Parent

The Lenders Party Hereto

The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent
and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

and

KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 29

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 29

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases 30

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 30

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 32

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments 32

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 33

SECTION 1.08. Additional Equity Contributions 33

ARTICLE II

THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 33

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 33

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 33

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date 35

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 36

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option 37

ARTICLE III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 38

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved] 44

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 44

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 47

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 48

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 49

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 50

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 50

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 52

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 52

ARTICLE V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 53

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. 54

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 54

- i -

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 55

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 58

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. 65

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

ARTICLE VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 67

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 70

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 73

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 76

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the Lenders 78

SECTION 9.04. Notices 79

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters 80

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 81

SECTION 10.02. Notices 82

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 82

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 82

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 83

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 84

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 86

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 86

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 86

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 86

SECTION 10.11. Headings 87

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 87

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 88

Schedules

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 GICS Industry Classifications

Exhibits

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Equity Commitment Letter

- ii -

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
dated as of December 22, 2023 (this Agreement) among KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC, as borrower (the Company);
KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC. (the Parent), KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC (the Portfolio Manager); the
Lenders party hereto; WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral
Agent); WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral
Administrator); WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities
Intermediary); and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent).

The Portfolio Manager and the
Company wish for the Company to acquire and finance certain corporate loans and other corporate debt securities (the Portfolio
Investments), all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Furthermore, the Company intends
to enter into a Loan Sale Agreement (the Sale Agreement), dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company
and Parent (in such capacity, the Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall from time to time acquire Portfolio
Investments from the Seller.

On and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPMCB) and each other lender party hereto
from time to time and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the Lenders) have
agreed to make advances to the Company (Advances) hereunder to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached
as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule).

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Certain Defined Terms

Account Control Agreements
means, (a) for each Collateral Account that is a deposit account, a deposit account control agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) for each Collateral Account that is a securities account, a securities account control
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case executed by (i) the Company, (ii) the
Collateral Agent and (iii) the Securities Intermediary.

Additional Distribution
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Adjusted Applicable
Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus 2% per annum.

Administrative Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Advances
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Adverse Proceeding
means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether
or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active
or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager
or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

- 1 - 

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such former
Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this
definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

Agent has
the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Agent Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the
Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Wilmington, Delaware).

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03.

Amendment No. 2 Financing
Commitment Increase means an increase in the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitment by the amount of $100,000,000.

Amendment No. 2 Financing
Commitment Increase Date means February 5, 2025.

Anti-Corruption Laws
means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company from time to time concerning or relating to bribery
or corruption.

Applicable Law
means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes,
treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to
such Person and judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or
quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction applicable to or with jurisdiction over such Person (as the case may be).

Applicable Margin
means the applicable margin for Advances, as set forth on the Transaction Schedule.

Approval Termination
Event means, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, that (i) the Company has properly delivered at least ten (10) Notices
of Acquisition in compliance with the requirements of Section 1.02 over the course of the prior twelve calendar month period, (ii) each
such Notice of Acquisition (a) has satisfied the Eligibility Criteria and approval process set forth in this Agreement (including that
(x) an investment committee memo, financial statements and/or other information described in the applicable Notice of Acquisition shall
have been provided on a non-redacted basis and (y) other reasonably requested information shall have been provided on a non-redacted basis))
(other than any requirement to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent) and (b) is with respect to a Portfolio Investment that
is similar in nature to the Initial Portfolio Investments (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) and (iii) the Administrative
Agent has approved fewer than 75% of such requests over the course of such prior twelve calendar month period.

- 2 - 

Bank has
the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Bankruptcy Code
means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute.

Base Rate
means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective
Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Calculation Period as published two U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided
that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately
5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate,
the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest
pursuant to Section 3.01(h) (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section
3.01(h)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause
(c) above. In the event that the Base Rate is below zero at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero
until it exceeds zero again.

Base Rate Advance
means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate.

Benchmark
means, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with
respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such
Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 3.01(h).

Benchmark Replacement
means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent
for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple
SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate
benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for
the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or
the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit
facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per
annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

- 3 - 

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation
of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii)
any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated
or bilateral credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Advance, any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day,
the definition of Daily Simple SOFR, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition
of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of Request for
Advances or prepayment or conversion notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical,
administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the
Company may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the
Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company
determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent determines, in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company, is necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement
Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(1) in the case of clause (1)
or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);
or

(2) in the case of clause (3)
of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to
the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to
any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

- 4 - 

Benchmark Transition
Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(1) a public statement or publication
of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently
or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication
of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the currency applicable to such
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution
authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently
or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a public statement or publication
of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future
date will no longer be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date
pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.01(h) and (y) ending at the
time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document
in accordance with Section 3.01(h).

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

- 5 - 

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

Board means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Borrowing Base Test
means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the following is true:

Where:

AR = 60%.

Business Day
means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City and the city in which the corporate
trust office of the Collateral Agent is located; provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be, in relation
to Term Benchmark Advances and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark
Advances or any other dealings of such Term Benchmark Advances, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Calculation Period
means, with respect to any Advance, the quarterly period from and including the date on which such Advance is made hereunder to but excluding
the first Calculation Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation
Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period,
if the last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including
the related Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date).

Calculation Period
Start Date means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business
Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in January 2024.

Capital Call Confirmation
Package means, with respect to any Market Value Trigger Event, the following documents, agreements and notices:

(i) a
fully executed equity commitment letter, in the form of Exhibit B hereto (with such modifications as are satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion), evidencing the commitment of the Parent to contribute cash (or any other assets agreed to by the Administrative
Agent) to the Company no later than the end of the Extended Cure Period;

(ii) a
written notice from the Parent (A) containing representations and covenants by the Parent that (1) it has called capital from its investors
in the aggregate amount specified therein (which shall be the amount committed pursuant to the related equity commitment letter) to be
funded no later than the tenth calendar day following delivery of such capital call (or, if not a Business Day, the first Business Day
thereafter); (2) the Parent will, as soon as practicable thereafter (but no later than the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period), fund
directly into the MV Cure Account the amount of such capital contribution and (3) such capital calls have been made in compliance with
the Parents organizational documents (including that each such investor has unused capital commitments at least equal to the amount
of capital called from such investor, which are available for the purpose contemplated hereby); (B) containing covenants by the Parent
(and its general partner) (i) not to rescind or modify such capital calls, (ii) not to permit any lien on the proceeds of such capital
calls thereof, (iii) not to use the proceeds of such capital calls for any purpose other than being deposited into the MV Cure Account
in accordance herewith, (iv) to direct payment of proceeds of such capital calls to the Administrative Agent following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (d) or (e) of Article VII hereof and (v) to immediately
inform the Administrative Agent if the Parent has received notice or has any other reason to believe that the relevant capital commitments
will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of a representative capital call notice issued to the investors and containing the
aggregate amount of capital called from all investors; and

- 6 - 

(iii) a
copy of the most recent financial statements for the Parent, together with a representation from the Parent that such financial statements
fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of the Parent.

Cash Equivalents
means, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal
by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith
and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any
state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing
within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P
or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months from the date of creation
thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1
from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued
or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the
District of Columbia that (a) is at least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking
regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market
mutual fund that (a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i)
and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) has the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moodys
and (vi) such other similar instruments to the extent Permitted Non-USD Currencies are invested therein. Subject to the foregoing, Cash
Equivalents may include investments in which the Collateral Agent or its Affiliates provide services and receive compensation therefor.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation
or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application
thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity
and capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International
Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed
to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated
or implemented.

- 7 - 

Change of Control
means an event or series of events by which (A) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly,
the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers (other than any independent manager)
that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management
policies and decisions of the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of
the equity interests of the Company, (B) Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP or its Affiliates, collectively, shall cease to possess, directly
or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times
have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Portfolio Manager or to direct the management
policies and decisions of the Portfolio Manager or (C) the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor
of the Parent.

Charges
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)
(or a successor administrator).

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Collateral Accounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Collateral Administrator
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral Principal
Amount means on any date of determination (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio, limited to, in the case of
any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the funded principal balance thereof, as of such date plus (B) the amounts
on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments) as of such date plus (C) the amounts
on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus
(D) the aggregate principal balance of all Ineligible Investments as of such date.

Collection Account
means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Commitment Fee Rate
means 0.55% per annum.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Concentration Limitation
Excess means, on any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio
Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the
Portfolio Manager shall select in its sole discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess;
provided further that with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the Portfolio Manager shall select any term
Portfolio Investment from the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and/or any funded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan before selecting any unfunded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; provided further that if the Portfolio
Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative
Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess.

- 8 - 

Concentration Limitations
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Corresponding Tenor
means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately
the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Credit Risk Party
has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Daily Simple SOFR
means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination
Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities
Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators
Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change
in SOFR without notice to the Company.

Daily Simple SOFR
Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Daily Simple SOFR Rate.

Debt Securities
means obligations (other than Loans) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments.

Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Delayed Funding Term
Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor
under the underlying instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed
dates and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder; but, for
the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such
future advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereon expire or are terminated or reduced to zero.

Deliver
(and its correlative forms) means the taking of the following steps by the Company or the Portfolio Manager:

(1) except
as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and amounts on deposit in the Collateral
Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised thereof has been credited
to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control
Agreement, if applicable, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such security
entitlement without further consent by the Company;

- 9 - 

(2) in
the case of each general intangible, to the extent required under Applicable Law to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first-priority
Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) therein in favor of the Collateral Agent, by notifying the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder
of the security interest of the Collateral Agent;

(3) in
the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not constitute a
financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by causing
(x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in a State of the United States that has adopted Articles
8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (any such state, an Eligible State), or (y) a Person other than the Company and a
securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State, and (II) to then authenticate
a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or (B)(I) to authenticate
a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and (II) to
then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State;

(4) in
the case of money, by causing such money to be deposited in the related Collateral Account that is a deposit account, and, in the case
of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Bank to continuously identify
in its books and records the security interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and, except as may be expressly provided herein
to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or an
Account Control Agreement, if applicable;

(5) in the case
of any Portfolio Investments consisting of Uncertificated Securities (other than any Uncertificated Securities credited to a securities
account subject to an Account Control Agreement), by causing the issuer of such Uncertificated Security to either (at the option of the
Company) (i) register the Collateral Agent as the registered owner thereof on the books and records of such issuer or (ii) execute an
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such issuer agrees to comply with
the Collateral Agents instructions with respect to such Uncertificated Security without further consent by the Company; 

(6) in
the case of any Portfolio Investments that are held in certificated form, by crediting to a Collateral Account or delivering to the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, certificates representing the relevant Collateral with respect to such Portfolio Investments;

(7) in the case of any Loan,
by delivering or causing a third party to deliver to the Securities Intermediary a photocopy or electronic copy of a fully executed assignment
agreement evidencing the acquisition by the Company of the Loan or a confirmation or certification from or on behalf of the Company to
the effect that it has acquired such Loan and/or has received or will receive, and will deliver to the Securities Intermediary, appropriate
Underlying Definitive Documents constituting, evidencing or representing such Loan with an instruction to identify such Loan in its internal
books and records without any position code. The Securities Intermediary shall identify such Loan in its internal books and records without
associating it with a position code. The Securities Intermediary shall maintain in its books and records a list of all of the Loans in
accordance with this Agreement (including identifying in its reports to the Company and the Administrative Agent the Loans which are not
direct interests in loans under the collateral notation Participation), and shall make available to the Company and the
Administrative Agent such list upon request. For avoidance of doubt, no Loans will be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary.
The Securities Intermediary shall have no responsibilities or duties whatsoever with respect to any Underlying Definitive Document, except
for such responsibilities as are expressly set forth herein. The Company shall instruct the administrative agent in respect of each Loan
to make all payments receivable by the Company in respect of such Loan to the Collection Account or otherwise provide for the direct payment
of such payments to the Collection Account; 

- 10 - 

(8) in
all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware Secretary of State;
and

(9) in
all cases by otherwise (i) ensuring that all steps, if any, required under applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor
of the Collateral Agent, shall have been taken, and that such Lien shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable,
possession or control and (ii) to the extent necessary, obtaining a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board
of directors or any similar governing body of the Portfolio Investment Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge of the Collateral
in accordance with the Loan Documents.

Notwithstanding clauses (1)
and (3) above, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted
Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in or credited to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account.

Designated Email Notification
Address means KayneBDCF2@kaynecapital.com, provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and no Market Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written notice
to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated
Email Notification Address.

Designated Independent
Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written
notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the
Designated Independent Dealer.

Effective Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04.

Eligibility Criteria
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Eligible Investments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

ERISA means
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company or the Parent, as applicable, within the
meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412,
430 or 431 of the Code).

- 11 - 

ERISA Event
means that (1) any of the Company or the Parent has underlying assets which constitute plan assets within the meaning of
the Plan Asset Rules or (2) any of the Company or the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has
any material liability with respect to any Plan or any ERISA Affiliate has any material liability with respect to any Plan that could
reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company or the Parent.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Excess Interest Proceeds
means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds
over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the earliest to occur of the next Interest Payment
Date, the next Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent (and, in connection with a Permitted Distribution made
on any such Interest Payment Date, after giving effect to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances on the date of such
Permitted Distribution).

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case
of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or
(ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for
the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on
the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance (other than pursuant to an assignment
requested by the Company under Section 3.01(f)(vi)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent
that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before
such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured
Partys failure to comply with Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Extended Cure Period
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure Period.

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental
agreements thereunder, similar or related non-U.S. law that correspond to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered
into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation,
rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement.

Federal Funds Effective
Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds
transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public
website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the effective
federal funds rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall
be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

- 12 - 

Federal Reserve Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Fee Letter
means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Effective Date, between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

Financing Commitment
means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to the Company hereunder in an amount up to but
not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule, as such amounts may be increased from
time to time pursuant to Section 2.06.

Financing Commitment
Increase Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) approves in writing (which
may be by email) a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request.

Financing Commitment
Increase Option Request means, on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company in writing (which may
be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06; provided
that the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall determine the proposed effective date of any such increase in the
Financing Commitments, which may be as early as ten (10) Business Days after delivery of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request
(or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion).

Foreign Lender
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from time to time by the Company.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

Hague Convention
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e).

Increased Financing
Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Indebtedness
as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed
money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments;
(iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising
in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability
of such Person on a balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in
respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others secured by
a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or similar
obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person acts as surety and other contingent obligations
to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future
Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

- 13 - 

Indemnified Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03.

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company
under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b).

Independent Dealer
means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent):
Bank of America/BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank, BMO Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC,
Jefferies, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Nomura, RBC Capital Markets, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no
event including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company.

Ineligible Investment
means any Portfolio Investment that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any
Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility
Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and
such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to meet such waived
criteria; provided further that any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until
such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved.

Information
means all information received from the Company or any Affiliate thereof relating to the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager
or each of their respective business or any obligor in respect of any Portfolio Investment in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, other than any such information that is available to a Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the
Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league
table providers, that serve the lending industry.

Initial Financing
Commitment means the Financing Commitment provided by the Lenders to the Company on the Effective Date in the amount of $150,000,000.

Initial Funding Amount
means $70,000,000.

Initial Funding Date
means the date on which the initial Advance is made by the Lenders hereunder.

Initial Portfolio
Investments means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5.

Interest Payment Date
means the tenth (10th) day after the last day of each Calculation Period; provided that if such day is not a Business
Day, the Interest Payment Date shall instead be the first (1st) succeeding Business Day after such day.

- 14 - 

Interest Proceeds
means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of
Portfolio Investments (in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from
the sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the
Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include
principal payments (including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired
with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments
or deposited into any of the Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees, facility fees, late payment
fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front
fees and customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest
Proceeds shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account or Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom.

Investment
means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, (b) the making of any Loan or advance to any other Person or
(c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person.

IRS means
the United States Internal Revenue Service.

JPMCB has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Kayne Competitor
means any Person primarily engaged in the business of private investment management as a business development company, mezzanine fund,
private debt fund, hedge fund or private equity fund, which is in direct competition with the Company, Parent or the Portfolio Manager
or any Affiliate thereof that is an investment advisor; provided that Kayne Competitor shall exclude any commercial
or investment bank (including any commercial or investment bank that sponsors private equity funds or mezzanine debt funds or makes private
equity investments or loans to Persons but excluding such private equity or mezzanine debt funds) and insurance companies.

Lender Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c).

Lenders
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03.

Lien means
any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens, mechanics liens
and any liens that attach by operation of law.

Liquid Debt Security
means, as of any date, any Debt Security which has had $5,000,000 or more trading volume in the prior 30 calendar days as reported by
TRACE.

Loan means
any obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar
credit agreement.

Loan Documents
means this Agreement, the Fee Letter, the Sale Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, if any, and such other agreements and documents,
and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
of the other Loan Documents and any additional executed by the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager in connection with any such
amendment, supplement or modification.

- 15 - 

Loan to Value Ratio
means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of (a) the Net Advances to (b) the Net Asset Value, in each case, as of such date.

LTV Default
means an event that shall have occurred if the Loan to Value Ratio is greater than 75%, as of any date of determination.

Make-Whole Amounts
means, with respect to an optional reduction or termination of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(D) prior to the
end of the Non-Call Period, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate amount of Applicable Margin for Advances bearing interest
at Term SOFR that would have accrued on the amount of the Financing Commitment that is being reduced or terminated, from the date of such
optional reduction or termination to the last day of the Non-Call Period, discounted to present value, as calculated in good faith by
the Administrative Agent; and (2) 1% of the aggregate principal amount of the Financing Commitments so reduced or terminated.

Management Fee Amount
means for each Calculation Period, an amount equal to (a) the sum of the Net Asset Value of each Loan as of the first day of such
Calculation Period and as of the last day of such Calculation Period divided by two multiplied by (b) a rate equal to 0.50%
per annum

Management Fee
means the fee payable to the Portfolio Manager on each Interest Payment Date in arrears in respect of each Calculation Period pursuant
to Section 4.05(h), which fee shall be equal to the Management Fee Amount.

Margin Stock
has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

Market Value
means, on any date of determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), (a) with respect to any Traded Loan, the average indicative
bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX (or if the Administrative Agent determines in good
faith that such bid price is not available or is not reflective of the actual current market value, the market value of such Traded Loan
as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), (b) with respect to any Liquid Debt
Security, the average indicative bid-side price for such Debt Security as reported by TRACE (or, if the Administrative Agent determines
in good faith that such price is not available or is not reflective of the actual current market value, the market value of such Liquid
Debt Security as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and (c) with respect to
any other Portfolio Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par or the face amount thereof, as applicable.

So long as no Market Value Event
has occurred or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right on any date of determination
to initiate a dispute of the Market Value of certain Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager
provides the bid(s) or valuation(s) set forth below no later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately following
the related date of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may
not initiate a dispute of the Market Value thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of
such Portfolio Investment and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides a Market Value with respect to such Portfolio Investment
that is lower than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment.

- 16 - 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes
the determination of Market Value with respect to any Portfolio Investment (other than a Traded Asset), the Portfolio Manager may, with
respect to up to the greater of (i) three such Portfolio Investments in each calendar quarter and (ii) 10% of the Collateral Principal
Amount, engage, jointly with the Administrative Agent, a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide
a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such valuation to the Administrative Agent, at which time the
Market Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be equal to such valuation; provided that any such valuation shall be in form and
substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and shall give reference to factors commonly used by market
participants in conducting robust valuation processes, including without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B)
market yield assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment Obligor; (D)
historical and prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment Obligor and (E) other corporate actions
taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor; provided, further, that if the Company engages a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider
that provides a range of valuation, then the valuation for purposes of this paragraph shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest
valuations of such range.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes
the determination of Market Value with respect to any Traded Asset, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense of the Company, submit to
the Administrative Agent written and executable bids for the full principal or face amount, as applicable, of such Portfolio Investment
from Independent Dealers, at which time the Market Value of such Traded Asset shall be equal to (i) if two or more such bids have been
submitted, the weighted average of such bids or (ii) if only one such bid has been submitted, the average of such single bid and the Market
Value determined by the Administrative Agent subject to such dispute, as the case may be.

The market value of any Portfolio
Investment determined in accordance with this definition will be the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment from the applicable date
set forth above until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of
such Portfolio Investment has changed, in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with this
definition of Market Value).

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than the par or face amount thereof, as applicable,
(B) the Market Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero and (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard
as invalid any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents good faith judgment:
(i) such Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as
applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio Investment, as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide due to the insolvency of the
Independent Dealer; or (iii) the Administrative Agent does not have the ability to execute any such bid by selling any portion of such
Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or its Affiliate for its own account to any such Independent Dealer (either directly
or indirectly through a broker or other intermediary reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time (but no earlier than
the time) such bid is delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Portfolio Manager (the provisions set forth in the preceding four (4)
paragraphs of this definition, the Market Value Dispute Mechanisms).

- 17 - 

The Administrative Agent shall
notify the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment
in the Portfolio on a monthly basis by the tenth (10th) calendar day of each month or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio
Manager (but no more frequently than four (4) requests per calendar month); provided that the Company and the Portfolio Manager
hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may make available to the Company and the Portfolio Manager the Market Value of each
Portfolio Investment by posting such materials or information on the Financing Connect platform hosted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or
another similar electronic system and such posting shall satisfy the Administrative Agents requirements under this paragraph. Any
notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred shall be accompanied by a written
statement showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment.

Market Value Cure
means, on any date of determination, (i) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio
Investments and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (including, without limitation,
the Administrative Agents approval rights with respect thereto), (ii) the contribution of cash to the Company and the Delivery
thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (which amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account),
(iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment
by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) or (v) any combination
of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager,
and in an amount such that after immediately giving effect to all such actions and the application of proceeds thereof, the Borrowing
Base Test is satisfied; provided that, any Portfolio Investment contributed to the Company in connection with the foregoing must
meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations
shall be satisfied after such contribution. In connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to have been
contributed to the Company if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment of such Portfolio Investment
to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager, such assignment will settle within the applicable Settlement
Period. The Portfolio Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment within such time period.

The Administrative Agent shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to reply to any request for a consent under clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph not
later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately succeeding the date on which it receives such request.

Market Value Cure
Failure means the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term during the
Market Value Cure Period.

Market Value Cure
Period means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative
Agent (which, if received after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next
succeeding Business Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at the close of business in New York two (2) Business
Days thereafter; provided, that in the event the Company delivers a Capital Call Confirmation Package satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall be extended to the close
of business in New York ten (10) Business Days following the date on which the Administrative Agent receives such satisfactory Capital
Call Confirmation Package (the Extended Cure Period); provided, further, that (a) if the Company becomes
aware that any portion of the requested capital contribution under such Capital Call Confirmation Package will not be timely made within
such Extended Cure Period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall end on the earlier of (i) two (2) Business Days following the date
the Company becomes so aware and (ii) the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period (in each case, unless otherwise extended by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) and (b) a Capital Call Confirmation Package may be delivered no more than one time in any ten (10) Business
Day period.

- 18 - 

Market Value Dispute
Mechanisms has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value.

Market Value Event
means (A) the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and (B) either (i) a Market Value Cure Failure with respect to such Market
Value Trigger Event or (ii) if in connection with a Market Value Cure with respect to such Market Value Trigger Event, a Portfolio Investment
sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed to the Company shall fail to settle within the applicable Settlement Period.

Market Value Trigger
has the meaning set forth on the Transaction Schedule.

Market Value Trigger
Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified the Company in writing
as of any date that the Loan to Value Ratio is greater than or equal to the Market Value Trigger.

Material Adverse Effect
means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company, the Parent,
the Seller or the Portfolio Manager, (b) the ability of the Company, the Parent, the Seller or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

Material Amendment
means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces
the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii)
postpones the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable
hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing
Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any
of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the
number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder.

Maturity Date
means the date that is the earliest of (i) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction Schedule, (ii) the date on which
the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the
Secured Obligations, (iii) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or
more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (iv) the date after a Market Value Event on which all
Portfolio Investments have been sold and the proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Mezzanine Obligation
means a Portfolio Investment which is not a Senior Secured Loan or a Second Lien Loan.

- 19 - 

Minimum Funding Amount
means, on any date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below; provided that (i) upon effectiveness of the Amendment
No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be increased as of the date that is six months following the Amendment
No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase Date by an amount equal to the product of (x) the amount of such increase and (y) 75% and (ii) with
respect to any other Increased Financing Commitment, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be increased as set forth in Section 2.06.

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount (as a percentage of aggregate Initial Financing Commitments) 

Effective Date Last day of the third month following the Effective Date 25.0 %

First day following the last day of the third month following the Effective Date Last day of the sixth month following the Effective Date 40.0 %

First day following the last day of the sixth month following the Effective Date October 3, 2024 55.0 %

October 4, 2024 Last day of the Reinvestment Period 75.0 %

MV Cure Account
means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Valuation Research Corporation, (iii)
Alvarez & Marsal, (iv) Duff & Phelps and (v) Hilco Valuation Services and Kroll Inc.; provided that any independent entity
providing professional asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative
Agent) or added to this definition by the Administrative Agent from time to time by notice thereof to the Company and the Portfolio Manager;
provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from this definition by written notice to the Company
and the Portfolio Manager so long as, after giving effect to such removal, there are at least three providers designated pursuant to this
definition.

Net Advances
means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments
which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments)
representing Principal Proceeds (excluding any Principal Proceeds which are required to settle any outstanding Purchase Commitments).

Net Asset Value
means, on any date of determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), the sum of (A) the sum of the product, for each Portfolio Investment,
of (x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment multiplied by (y) the funded principal amount or face amount, as applicable,
of such Portfolio Investment, excluding, for any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the unfunded commitment amount thereof plus
(B) the amounts then on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments); provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not settled the
applicable Settlement Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and (3) any
Ineligible Investments will be excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes.

- 20 - 

Non-Call Period
means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, June 22, 2026.

Notice of Acquisition
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

NYFRB means
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRBs Website
means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the
jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to,
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.01(f)(vi)).

Parent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Participant Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(d).

Participation Interest
means a participation interest in a Loan or a Debt Security.

PATRIOT Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f).

Permitted Amendment
and Restatement has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(a)(i)

Permitted Distribution
means, on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds (in each case, at the discretion of the Company)
to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company) or payments of Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds (in each case,
at the discretion of the Company) of Management Fees to the Portfolio Manager; provided that (a) there are Excess Interest Proceeds
remaining after giving effect to such distribution or payment, (b) Principal Proceeds may only be distributed or paid during the Reinvestment
Period, subject to the conditions set forth in the other clauses of this definition, (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (d) no Market Value Event shall have occurred, (e)
no Market Value Trigger Event shall have occurred or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, (f) the Borrowing
Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (g) the Company gives at least two
(2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator,
(h) not more than three Permitted Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period, and (i) the Company and the Administrative
Agent confirm in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted
Distribution set forth herein are satisfied.

- 21 - 

Permitted Lien
means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently
be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves in accordance
with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens,
mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in
the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by
the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and (e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff
and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such
Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained,
securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements.

Permitted Non-USD
Currency means each of Euros, Canadian Dollars and British Pounds.

Permitted Non-USD
Currency Accounts means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule
in an applicable jurisdiction to hold cash or Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts
established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Permitted Working
Capital Lien has meaning set forth in the definition of Senior Secured Loan.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or
any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Plan means
any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title
IV of ERISA.

Plan Asset Rules
means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the
United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

Portfolio
means all Portfolio Investments purchased hereunder and not otherwise sold or liquidated.

Portfolio Investments
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Portfolio Investment
Obligor means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the borrower or issuer thereof.

- 22 - 

Portfolio Manager
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Possessory Collateral
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Deliver.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal
office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
as being effective.

Principal Proceeds
means all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all amounts otherwise on deposit in
the Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed to or deposited by the Company and Advances made in accordance herewith), in each
case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account.

Priority of Payments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Proceeding
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

PTE means
a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Purchase
means each acquisition of a Portfolio Investment hereunder from the Parent pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Purchase Commitment
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

Ramp-Up Period
means the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, September 22, 2024.

Reference Time
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time)
on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business
Days prior to such setting or (3) with respect to other Benchmarks, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion.

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Reinvestment Period
means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the earliest of (i) December 22, 2027,
(ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (iv)
if defined or otherwise provided for in the constituent documents of the Parent (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time
to time), the date of the termination of the Reinvestment Period (or other similar term and/or provision therein, if any,
as such period may be extended from time to time) of the Parent.

Related Parties
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Relevant Governmental
Body means the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the Term SOFR Administrator, or a committee officially endorsed or convened
by the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the Term SOFR Administrator, or, in each case any successor thereto.

- 23 - 

Request for Advance
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d).

Required Lenders
means Lenders holding 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances plus (ii) the
aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding unused Financing Commitments.

Responsible Officer
of any person shall mean any manager, executive officer or financial officer of such person and any other officer or similar official
thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such person in respect of this Agreement, or any other duly authorized
employee or signatory of such person.

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on
account of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking
fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity interests
in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants,
options or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding.

Revolving Loan
means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines) that under
the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such
Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are
terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero.

Sale Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region
of Ukraine and the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine).

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over
the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country,
(c) any Person owned 50% or more, or controlled, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any
Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions.

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United
Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto.

Scheduled Termination
Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

- 24 - 

Second Lien Loan
means a Loan (i) that is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject
to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans) under Applicable Law
(provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Loan that is second priority solely to a Permitted Working Capital Lien shall constitute
a Senior Secured Loan) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan (including
based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal
balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral.

Secured Obligation
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Secured Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Securities Account
means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Securities Intermediary
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Senior Secured Loan
means any Loan, that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right of payment to any obligation
of the Portfolio Investment Obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings
(other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement),
(ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject
to liens permitted under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable for similar Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in
favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel
paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC)
and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority
lien on such assets a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens
permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans) in all other collateral under
Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan (including based
on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate
outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral.

Settlement Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Settlement Period
means with respect to any Portfolio Investment which has been assigned or traded, but not settled (x) in the case of a Loan, the ten (10)
Business Day period from the related Trade Date or date of assignment thereof, (y) in the case of a Debt Security, the two (2) Business
Day period from the related Trade Date or date of assignment thereof and (z), in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, the three
(3) Business Day period from the related Trade Date or date of assignment thereof.

- 25 - 

SOFR means
a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators
Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight
financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR Determination
Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR Rate Day
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

Solvent
means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent
liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not unreasonably
small in relation to its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its
ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent
liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents
the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Spot Rate
means, as of any date of determination, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency,
the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar rate available through Securities Intermediarys banking facilities (or, if Securities Intermediary
has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will no longer provide such services or if Securities Intermediary or one
of its affiliates is no longer the Collateral Agent, through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) and (y)
with respect to all other purposes between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar spot rate
that appeared on the Bloomberg screen (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the
Administrative Agent from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day. The
determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or
the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.

Taxes means
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark Advance
means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate.

- 26 - 

Term SOFR Determination
Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Rate
means, for each Calculation Period, the 3-month Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator;
provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the 0%, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0% for the purposes
of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term
Benchmark Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Calculation Period, the rate per annum determined
by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination
Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and
a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR
Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business
Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

TRACE means
the Trade Reporting and Compliance Engine.

Trade Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Traded Asset
means Traded Loans and Liquid Debt Securities.

Traded Loan
means any Loan governed by LSTA documentation for which at least two bid-side prices are available as of the date of determination, as
determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX.

Transaction Schedule
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York.

UK Financial Institutions
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Uncertificated Security
has the meaning set forth in the UCC.

- 27 - 

Underlying Definitive
Documents means with respect to any Portfolio Investment, each loan agreement, indenture, other financing agreement, promissory
note, collateral security agreement, guarantee, and any other agreement or document evidencing, securing, or governing the terms of such
Portfolio Investment.

Undrawn Amount
means, on any applicable date of determination, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the Minimum Funding Amount minus the aggregate
outstanding amount of the Advances.

Undrawn Fee
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e).

Undrawn Fee Rate
means a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin minus the Commitment Fee Rate.

Unfunded Exposure
Account means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit
of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation
or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Unfunded Exposure
Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, an amount equal
to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments (in the case of unfunded commitments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency,
converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate on such date of determination) associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan, as applicable.

Unfunded Exposure
Shortfall means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (x) 0 and (y) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure
Amount for all Portfolio Investments minus the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account.

Unused Facility Amount
means, on any applicable date of determination, (i) the aggregate Financing Commitments of all Lenders minus (ii) the aggregate
outstanding amount of the Advances.

U.S. Dollars
or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

U.S. Government Securities
Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in
United States government securities.

U.S. Person
means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f).

Working Capital Revolver
means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor,
which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligors total assets.

- 28 - 

ARTICLE
I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01. Purchases
of Portfolio Investments. On the Effective Date, the Company may acquire the Initial Portfolio
Investments from the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement, it being acknowledged and agreed that the Initial Portfolio Investments satisfy
the conditions set forth in this Article I and the Trade Date of the Initial Portfolio Investments shall be the Effective Date. From
time to time during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments
be Purchased for the Companys account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

SECTION 1.02. Procedures
for Purchases and Related Advances.

(a) Timing
of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree
in its sole reasonable discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to acquire any Portfolio Investment
(other than the Initial Portfolio Investments) be made by it or for its account (a Purchase Commitment), the Portfolio
Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a notice of acquisition (a Notice of Acquisition).

(b) Contents
of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent
(in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree
(which shall initially be the format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and shall
be accompanied by such other information (to the extent available to the Company) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (which
information shall include in any event whether such Portfolio Investment is subject to any event of default (as such term or similar term
is defined in the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment)).

(c) Eligibility
of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of all Lenders, to request in writing additional
information (to the extent available to the Company) regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment proposed to be acquired pursuant
to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, an initial determination of the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment) no later than
the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information
(to the extent available to the Company) requested in writing in connection therewith); provided that (i) any Initial Portfolio
Investment shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrative Agent, (ii) any approval by the Administrative Agent of any proposed Portfolio
Investment as an Eligible Portfolio Investment shall apply to any subsequent acquisition of the same Portfolio Investment with a Trade
Date occurring not later than thirty (30) days after such approval and (iii) the failure of the Administrative Agent to notify the Portfolio
Manager and the Company of its approval in accordance with this Section 1.02(c) shall be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition.

(d) The
failure of the Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring
such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio Investment not so
approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio
Investment is so approved.

- 29 - 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions
to Purchases. No Purchase Commitment or Purchase shall be entered into or made unless each of the following
conditions is satisfied (or waived as provided below) as of the date on which such Purchase Commitment is entered into or such Purchase
would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments Trade Date):

(1) the
information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio Investment and, unless
waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (as set forth below) such Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria
set forth in Schedule 3 (the Eligibility Criteria);

(2) with
respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than the end of the applicable Settlement
Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion);

(3) no
Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event
of Default (a Default), has occurred and is continuing, and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and

(4) after
giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and any related Advance, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

The Administrative Agent,
on behalf of the Lenders, may waive in its sole discretion any conditions to a Purchase Commitment or Purchase, as the case may be, specified
above in this Section 1.03 by written notice (including via email) to the Company, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager
and the Collateral Agent.

If the above conditions to a
Purchase Commitment or Purchase are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation
with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which such Purchase (if any)
shall settle (the Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment).

Promptly following the Settlement
Date for a Portfolio Investment and its receipt thereof (and at other times thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative
Agent (including via email)), the Portfolio Manager shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a copy of the executed
assignment agreement or executed credit or loan agreement evidencing the Companys purchase or making of such Loan (or, in the case
of a Portfolio Investment that is not a Loan, the executed purchase agreement or similar instrument) pursuant to which such Portfolio
Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company.

SECTION 1.04. Sales of
Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment
or any other asset without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, except that, subject to Section 6.02(w), the Company may sell
any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset without such consent so long as, (x) immediately prior
to such sale or other disposition and after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event
has occurred or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) the sale of such asset
by the Company shall be on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance with the Portfolio Managers standard
market practices. In addition, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, within two (2) Business Days of
any Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment, the Company shall sell
such Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale (it being understood that
the Trade Date for such Portfolio Investment shall determine whether such sale has occurred within such specified timeframe, so long
as such sale actually settles within the applicable Settlement Period).

- 30 - 

Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition
of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without limitation, the transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts
(other than the transfer of funds from the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts to another Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement))
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the
Administrative Agent), (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
sell Portfolio Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) at the sole direction
of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required
by the Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders
and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the Administrative Agents standard market practices)
and the proceeds from such sales shall be used to prepay the Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market
Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no right to act on behalf of, or otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement
except with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection
with the sale of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via e-mail) to facilitate the consummation of such sale. Any
prepayments made pursuant to this paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(c).

In connection with any sale
of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of a Market Value Event pursuant to clause (ii)
of the immediately preceding paragraph, the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall:

(i) notify
the Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio
Investments; and

(ii) direct
the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides the
highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the
Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to purchase a Portfolio Investment
on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on
a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept
any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any
other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool) is greater than the bid on a pool basis.

- 31 - 

For purposes of this paragraph,
the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative
Agents judgment (acting reasonably):

(A) either:

(x) the
Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments;
or

(y) the
Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent required
under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer
of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or

(B) such
bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or (y) the inability,
failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform its obligations generally.

In connection with any sale
of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04 and the application of the net proceeds thereof,
the Company hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative
Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place
and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without limitation,
the power to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish
the purposes of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in respect of the application of net proceeds of
any such sales).

None of the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall incur
any liability to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection with any sale effected at the direction
of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without limitation, as a result of the price obtained for
any Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person
in connection with any such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent only, any such sale does not violate Applicable
Law.

SECTION 1.05. Certain
Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments. For purposes of all calculations hereunder, any Portfolio
Investment for which the Trade Date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the Settlement Date for such sale has
not occurred, shall be considered to be owned by the Company until such Settlement Date.

SECTION 1.06. Valuation
of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments. For purposes of all valuations and calculations
hereunder, the principal amount and Market Value of all Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency and proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account shall be calculated
into the U.S. Dollar equivalent at the Spot Rate in accordance with the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative
Agent on the applicable date of valuation or calculation, as applicable.

- 32 - 

SECTION 1.07. Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on an Advance may be derived from an interest rate
benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark
Transition Event, Section 3.01(h) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does
not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance
or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto,
or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor
or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being
replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative
Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used
in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments
thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its
reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition
thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses
or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or
component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.08. Additional
Equity Contributions. The Parent may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to
time make a capital contribution to the Company for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default or Event of Default,
in connection with a Market Value Cure, satisfying any Borrowing Base Test, enabling the acquisition or sale of any Portfolio Investment
or satisfying any conditions under Section 2.04. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in cash, (b) by assignment and contribution
of Cash Equivalents and/or (c) by assignment and contribution of a Portfolio Investment that satisfies all of the Eligibility Criteria
and the Concentration Limitations, could otherwise have been sold to the Company in compliance with this Agreement and, in connection
with a Market Value Cure, that has the consent of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition thereof.

ARTICLE
II

THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01. Financing
Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period,
each Lender hereby severally agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in U.S. Dollars, in an aggregate amount outstanding not
exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment. The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the
close of business on the last day of the Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the occurrence of a Market Value Event.

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved].

SECTION 2.03. Advances;
Use of Proceeds.

(a) Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or an Advance
set forth in Section 2.05 as of (i) both the related Trade Date and Settlement Date and/or (ii) the Advance date, as applicable, the Lenders
will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance available to the Company on the related
Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is being acquired on such date) as provided herein.
If the Company requests an Advance for application to a Permitted Distribution, the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective
Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance available to the Company on the date requested by the Company subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to Advance set forth in Section 2.05.

- 33 - 

(b) Except
as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its
obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent
may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

(c) The
Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to purchase the Portfolio Investments identified in the related
Notice of Acquisition, to make advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans in accordance
with the underlying instruments relating thereto or to make a Permitted Distribution specified in the related request for Advance; provided
that, if the proceeds of an Advance designated for the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment are deposited in the Collection Account as provided
in Section 3.01 prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment
on the related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a),
upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as provided in Section 4.05 (but without
premium or penalty). The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose.

(d) With
respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, two (2) Business Days prior to the Business Day specified as the date on which
such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the terms set forth
in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase (if any)
of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied. Subject to any deemed request pursuant to Section
3.01(h), no Request for Advance shall request a Daily Simple SOFR Advance unless the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR.

(e) If
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount on any date on or after the Effective
Date and prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, then the Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, from and after
such date, for the account of each Lender, an undrawn fee (the Undrawn Fee), which shall accrue at a per annum rate
equal to the Undrawn Fee Rate on the average daily Undrawn Amount during the period from and including such date to but excluding the
last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued Undrawn Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date occurring after the
date on which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount to the earlier of (i)
the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate and (ii) the last day of the Reinvestment Period. All Undrawn Fees shall be computed
on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the
last day).

(f) If
two Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, then the Portfolio Manager,
on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding Advance
on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Administrator by the Administrative Agent) in accordance
with Article III in an amount, to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure
Shortfall, (ii) the Financing Commitments in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances and (iii) an amount
such that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the Company provides evidence
to the Administrative Agent (satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) that it has cash from other sources
that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term
Loan or Revolving Loan, then the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such funds. After giving effect to such
Advance, the Company shall cause the proceeds of such Advance and cash from other sources that are available in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account.

- 34 - 

(g) If,
at any time, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exceeds 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount, the Company shall deposit, within two Business
Days thereof, cash collateral in the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount equal to such excess.

SECTION 2.04. Conditions
to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become
effective until the date (the Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion):

(a) Executed
Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this
Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include
electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) Loan
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents
have been executed and are in full force and effect, and that the initial sales and contributions contemplated by the Sale Agreement shall
have been consummated in accordance with the terms thereof.

(c) Opinions.
The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the
Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Parent, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, certain bankruptcy matters) in writing.

(d) Corporate
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection
with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel
may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager
and any other legal matters relating to the Company, the Parent, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(e) Payment
of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have received all
fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including the fees payable
under the Fee Letter and, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed
or paid by the Company hereunder.

- 35 - 

(f) PATRIOT
Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as
the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) and other applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies as a legal entity
customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and any Lender has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10
days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company, such Lender shall have received such
Beneficial Ownership Certification at least three days prior to the Effective Date.

(g) Filings.
Copies of proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of
all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured
Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder.

(h) Certain
Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit
searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Company
as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized, (ii) a UCC lien search indicating that there are no
effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Seller as debtor which cover any of the Portfolio Investments and (iii) such
other searches reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate.

(i) Officers
Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying
that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date.

(j) Other
Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require.

SECTION 2.05. Conditions
to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) as of the proposed date of such Advance:

(1) the Effective Date shall have occurred;

(2) the Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance
with Section 2.03(d);

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred;

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(5) the Reinvestment Period has not ended;

- 36 - 

(6) all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;

(7) after
giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase) hereunder:

(x) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; and

(y) the
aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the Transaction Schedule;
and

(8) the
amount of such Advance shall be not less than U.S. $1,000,000; provided that the amount of the initial Advance on the Initial Funding
Date shall be not less than the Initial Funding Amount.

If the above conditions to an
Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative
Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided.

SECTION 2.06. Financing
Commitment Increase Option. The Company may, at any time and from time to time during the Reinvestment
Period, submit a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request to increase the Financing Commitment by an additional aggregate amount
of up to $250,000,000 (any Financing Commitment resulting from approval of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, an Increased
Financing Commitment); provided that the aggregate Financing Commitment (together with the Initial Financing Commitment,
the Amendment No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase and all other increases in the Financing Commitment) shall not at any time exceed $500,000,000;
provided, further that each such Increased Financing Commitment shall be subject to satisfaction (or waived by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion (other than in the case of clause (a) below with respect to each of the Lenders)) of the following conditions
precedent:

(a) each
of the Lenders who is providing an Increased Financing Commitment and the Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion) approve in writing
(which may be by email) such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request;

(b) no
Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and
as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date;

(c) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date;

(d) all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties
specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such
representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;

- 37 - 

(e) no
commitment termination or reduction shall have occurred pursuant to Section 4.07(a) prior to the Financing Commitment Increase Date;

(f) the
Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on the applicable Financing Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each Lender,
any upfront fee agreed to by each such Lender and the Company;

(g) any
Financing Commitment Increase Option Request shall be in an amount not less than (i) $75,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount available
for increases in the Financing Commitment, if such remaining amount is less than $75,000,000; and

(h) receipt
by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation,
documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date.

If approved in accordance with
this Section 2.06, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be increased as of the date that is three months following such Financing Commitment
Increase Date and ending on the date that is six months thereafter, by an amount equal to the product of (x) the amount of such increase
and (y) 55% and, thereafter by an amount equal to the product of (x) the amount of such increase and (y) 75%.

ARTICLE
III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01. The Advances.

(a) Making
the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then each Lender shall make
such Advance on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral Agent for deposit to the Collection
Account. Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make
such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and
reborrow Advances, except that prepayments made after the Reinvestment Period shall result in a reduction of Financing Commitments as
provided in Section 4.07(e).

(b) Interest
on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the date on which such
Advance is made to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal
to the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period in effect plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction
Schedule; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all outstanding Advances and
any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default to but excluding the Maturity Date
or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period
in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin.

- 38 - 

(c) Evidence
of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company,
shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the Register) in which it shall record (1) the name and address
of each Lender hereunder, (2) the amount of each Advance made by such Lender hereunder, (3) the amount of any principal or interest due
and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (4) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative
Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant
to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative
Agent to maintain such Register or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided
in this section. This Section 3.01(c) shall be construed so that the Advances are at all times maintained in registered form
within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code.

Any Lender may request that
Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a
promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest
thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such
promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

(d) Pro
Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all borrowings of, and payments in respect of, the Advances shall be made on
a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing Commitments in respect of Advances
held by them.

(e) Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company that the adoption
of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it
is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder, then
(1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder to fund or maintain the Advances shall immediately be suspended
until such time as such Lender or the Administrative Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again lawful,
(2) at the request of the Company, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not
require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental expenses), until such time as the Advances are required to be prepaid
as required under clause (3) below, to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another of its offices, branches
or Affiliates with respect to which such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the Administrative Agent is unable
to effect a transfer under clause (2), then any outstanding Advances of such Lender shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together
with all accrued interest and other amounts owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender
or the Administrative Agent to take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days after the date on which such Lender or
the Administrative Agent notifies the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement
as specified in such clause (2) and (y) such date as shall be mandated by law; provided that, to the extent that any such adoption
or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through
(3) shall not apply and the Advances shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation Period ending immediately after
such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction
Schedule.

- 39 - 

(f) Increased
Costs.

(i) If
any Change in Law shall:

(A) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance
charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

(B) impose
on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances
made by such Lender; or

(C) subject
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d)
of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or
other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of
any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining
any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of
principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(ii) If
any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the
rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding
company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the
Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company
for any such reduction suffered.

(iii) A
certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10
days after receipt thereof.

(iv) Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a
waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company
shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions
incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving
rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

- 40 - 

(v) Each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company may reasonably
request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided
that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss
of money). In no event will the Company be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates to any
other entities to which any Lender provides financing.

(vi) If
any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this clause (f) or (B) defaults in its
obligation to make Advances hereunder, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the
Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions
contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related
transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated
to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment and (y) a Lender
shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise
be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such assignment.

(g) No
Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall
be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment shall not be less than
the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement

(h) Alternate
Rate of Interest.

(i) Temporary
Benchmark Unavailability. Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of this Section 3.01(h),
if:

(A) the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) adequate and reasonable means
do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current
basis) for the applicable tenor or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, adequate and reasonable means do not exist
for ascertaining Daily Simple SOFR; or

- 41 - 

(B) the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) the Term SOFR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to
such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple
SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances
(or its Advance), then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic
mail as promptly as practicable thereafter (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) and until (x) the Administrative
Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) that the circumstances
giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance
in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03(d), then, with respect for Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any
Request for Advance that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for (x) Daily Simple SOFR Advance so
long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily
Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above and (2) any Request for Advance that requests a Daily
Simple SOFR Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for a Base Rate Advance.

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR
Advance or Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent
referred to in this Section 3.01(h)(i) with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR
Advance, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice
no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance in accordance with the terms
of Section 2.03(d) then, with respect to Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall, on the
last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day),
be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not
the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of
Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, on such day, and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall, on and from such day,
be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance.

(ii) Permanent
Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark,
then:

(A) if
a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such
Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent
of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and

(B) if
a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such
Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date
notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection
to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

- 42 - 

(iii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative
Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(iv) Notices
from and Determinations by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders (with
a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (e) the commencement or conclusion
of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without
consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this
Section 3.01(h).

(v) Unavailable
Term Rate Tenors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and
either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to
time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no
longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR
Rate for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor
that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark
(including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative
for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of definition of Calculation
Period or Term SOFR Rate for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(vi) Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Upon the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company
may revoke any request for or conversion to a Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance to be made or converted during any Benchmark
Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for, or request for conversion to, a
Term Benchmark Advance into a request for, or conversion to, (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject
of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event.

During any Benchmark Unavailability
Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon
the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate.

- 43 - 

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple
SOFR Advance or any Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of
a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance,
then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), (1) any Term
Benchmark Advance shall on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such
day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long
as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject
of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative
Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance.

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved].

SECTION 3.03. Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by or on account of any obligation of the Company in respect of the Advances or otherwise
arising under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including
FATCA). If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Company or the Administrative Agent) requires the deduction
or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Company or the Administrative Agent, then the Company or the Administrative Agent,
as applicable, shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the
Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings
applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent receives an amount equal to
the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law,
or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, within 10 days after demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts
payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Lender or the Administrative Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment
to such Lender or the Administrative Agent and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such
Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount
of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative
Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified
Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure
to comply with the provisions of 10.06 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable
to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other
source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).

- 44 - 

(e) Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section
3.03, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

(f) Status
of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments
made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the
Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative
Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably
requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably
requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not
such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding
two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.03(f)
(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission
would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender.

(i) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent),
an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any
Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(1) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments
of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor
form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other
income article of such tax treaty;

- 45 - 

(2) an
executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate
to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10
percent shareholder of the Company or the Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled
foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and
(y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or

(C) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form
W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents
from each beneficial owner, as applicab

(D) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies
of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax,
duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(E) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable),
such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent
as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such
Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.
Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if any
form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification
or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(F) The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon becoming a party under this Agreement. The
Administrative Agent represents to the Company that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1471-3 and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA.

- 46 - 

(g) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this
Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made
under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such
indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).
Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant
to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that
such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph
(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would
have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall
not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that
it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h) Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any
assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE
IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01. Interest
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to each Portfolio
Investment (or the relevant agent under the applicable Underlying Definitive Documents) to remit all amounts that constitute Interest
Proceeds to the Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received
other than by deposit into the Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited
in the Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the
Collection Account all Interest Proceeds received by it immediately upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of
the Portfolio Manager; provided that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the
applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts shall be converted
to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate no later than two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution
Date and the Maturity Date, as applicable, and deposited into the Collection Account for application as described above at the written
direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent). The Securities Intermediary shall have no liability for any
losses including in or resulting from the rates obtained in any such exchange transaction in the absence of its own gross negligence
or willful misconduct, as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Securities Intermediary, in connection with any foreign exchange, shall be entitled to all of its rights, protections, immunities
and indemnities provided under this Agreement.

- 47 - 

Interest Proceeds shall be retained
in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested)
at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in cash or Cash Equivalents
denominated in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent) (Eligible Investments).
In the absence of any such written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as
applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, Interest Proceeds shall remain uninvested.

Interest Proceeds on deposit
in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the
written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an
Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance
with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions in accordance with the Priority of Payments or as otherwise permitted under
this Agreement.

SECTION 4.02. Principal
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to each Portfolio
Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account,
as applicable. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Collection Account, the Company shall cause
all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral
Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the Collection Account all Principal Proceeds received by it
immediately upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided that Principal Proceeds
denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. Principal Proceeds
on deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate no later than two (2) Business
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date and deposited into the Collection Account
for application as described above at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent).

All Principal Proceeds shall
be retained in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and
reinvested) at the written direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments denominated in the applicable currency of such
account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred,
in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment income on such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds.

Principal Proceeds on deposit
in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the
written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence
of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) towards the
purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in accordance with this Agreement, (iii) to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure
Account in accordance with this Agreement or (iv) only during the Reinvestment Period, to make Permitted Distributions in accordance with
the Priority of Payments or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement, in each case with prior notice to the Administrative Agent. For
the avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following
a Market Value Event shall be used to prepay Advances as set forth therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent.

- 48 - 

SECTION 4.03. Principal
and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee.

(a) The
Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for
the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts
shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance
with the Priority of Payments.

(b) Accrued
interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and on the Maturity
Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the proviso to Section 3.01(b)
shall be payable on demand and (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount
repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment.

(c) (i)
Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances
in whole or in part without premium or penalty (unless such prepayment is accompanied by a permanent reduction in the Financing Commitments
pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(D)). The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i)
not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable
and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice,
the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial
prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less than $1,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid
interest.

(ii) At
the request of any Lender, any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i) that is made on a date other than an Interest Payment Date shall
be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of the breakage of such prepayment.

(d) The
Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of
Payments which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused Facility Amount of such Lender
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees
shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment
fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).

(e) [Reserved].

(f) Without
limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on
any date with proceeds from sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth
in Section 8.01(h). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest and shall be applied to the repayment of
the longest outstanding Advance.

- 49 - 

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure
Account.

(a) The
Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted
to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in writing
as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall be invested in overnight
Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders). All amounts contributed
to the Company by the Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable
claim.

(b) Amounts
on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager
on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market
Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for the prepayment
of Advances and reduction of Financing Commitment); provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account
if the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal).

SECTION 4.05. Priority
of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business Day
after the occurrence of a Market Value Event and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the declaration
of the Secured Obligations as due and payable (each date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above, an Additional Distribution
Date), the Collateral Agent shall, at the direction of the Administrative Agent, distribute all amounts in the Collection
Account (and any Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds then on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) pursuant to the
applicable Payment Date Report and in the following order of priority (the Priority of Payments):

(a) to
pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereunder
(including fees, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities) up to a maximum amount under this clause (a)(i) equal
to the sum of (x) 0.025% per annum multiplied by the sum of the Collateral Principal Amount (after conversion to U.S. Dollar using clause
(y) of the Spot Rate) as of the end of the related Calculation Period, plus (y) U.S. $50,000 on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity
Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving effect
to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar quarter)
and (ii) second, any other accrued and unpaid fees and out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee payable to the Lenders,
but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder, up to a maximum amount under this clause (a)(ii) of $50,000 on each Interest Payment
Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after
giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same
calendar quarter); provided that if the aggregate amount of payments made pursuant to this clause (a) during any of the three immediately
preceding quarters is less than (1) with respect to payments made pursuant to clause (a)(i), a U.S. Dollar amount equal to the sum of
(x) 0.025% per annum multiplied by the sum of the Collateral Principal Amount (after conversion to U.S. Dollar using clause (y) of the
Spot Rate) as of the end of the related Calculation Period, plus (y) U.S. $50,000 and (2) with respect to payments made pursuant to clause
(a)(ii), U.S. $50,000, then the excess in each quarter may be applied pursuant to this clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii), as applicable, with respect
to the then-current Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date or Additional Distribution Date;

- 50 - 

(b) to
pay accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Advances and any increased costs and commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro
rata based on amounts due);

(c) to
pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date, all prepayments of the Advances permitted or required under this Agreement (including any applicable
premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances outstanding until
the Advances are paid in full;

(d) prior
to the end of the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded
Exposure Amounts;

(e) following
the last day of the Reinvestment Period, 100% of Principal Proceeds to pay principal of the Advances outstanding until the Advances are
paid full;

(f) to
pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to the limitation set forth therein;

(g) to
the applicable Governmental Authority, any Tax or withholding Tax which, if not paid, could result in a Lien on any of the Collateral;

(h) to
make a Permitted Distribution to the Portfolio Manager, in an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Management Fee;

(i) to
make any other Permitted Distributions as permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and

(j) (a)
on any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Collection Account (or, with respect to any such amounts denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) as Principal Proceeds and (b) on the Maturity Date
and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining amounts to the Company.

With respect to each distribution
pursuant to this Section 4.05, the Company (or Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company) shall provide to the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the date of distribution, a detailed reporting setting forth the proposed
application of funds to be made pursuant to the foregoing Priority of Payments (the Payment Date Report). Upon approval
by the Administrative Agent, the Payment Date Report shall constitute instructions to the Collateral Agent to make such distributions
on the Payment Date pursuant to the Payment Date Report.

- 51 - 

SECTION 4.06. Payments
Generally.

(a) All
payments to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to
the Company and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). All
payments made to any other Lender, the Portfolio Manager, the Company, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator (in
the case of the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent, to the extent such Person is not the Collateral Agent) shall be made
to such Person at the account designated by such person in writing to the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent shall
give written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and the
amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent
shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator in respect of the interest due
on such Interest Payment Date. All payments not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed
in writing to the account designated by the Administrative Agent, the Company or the applicable recipient to the Collateral Agent in writing.
Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All payments hereunder
shall be made in U.S. Dollars. All amounts in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account to be disbursed hereunder will be converted into
U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate no later (x) than two (2) Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, (y) the Maturity Date,
if the Maturity Date occurs prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and (z) each Additional Distribution Date. All interest calculated
using the Term SOFR Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate
hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including
the first day but excluding the last day).

(b) At
any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Securities Intermediary or the Bank, as applicable, to exchange amounts held in each Permitted
Non-USD Currency Account for U.S. Dollars or to exchange amounts held in the Collateral Accounts for one or more Permitted Non-USD Currencies,
in each case at the Spot Rate for application hereunder.

SECTION 4.07. Termination
or Reduction of Financing Commitments.

(a) (i)
Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a), the Company shall be entitled at its option (A) on any Business Day following that
on which JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent, (B) in connection with a Market Value Cure,
(C) in connection with an amendment and restatement of this Agreement (provided that (a) JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
shall act as the administrative agent thereunder, (b) the aggregate commitments under the facility as a result of such amendment and restatement
shall be no less than the aggregate Financing Commitments as of such date and (c) there are no changes to the lenders and their respective
aggregate Financing Commitments thereto as a result of such amendment and restatement) (a Permitted Amendment and Restatement)
or (D) up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period, to either (i) terminate the Financing Commitments in whole upon
payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than
unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or (ii) reduce in part the Financing Commitments (so long as after
the reduction of the Financing Commitments, the Financing Commitments equal the sum of the outstanding Advances). The Company shall notify
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as
a .pdf or similar file) of any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m.,
New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of termination or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable
and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so
terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders
of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less than U.S. $2,000,000.

- 52 - 

(ii) Each
commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(D) that is made, whether in full or in part, shall be accompanied by
a premium equal to (A) during the Non-Call Period, the Make-Whole Amounts and (B) during the period after the Non-Call Period up to and
including the date that is the twelve month anniversary after the Non-Call Period, 1% of the amount of Financing Commitments so terminated
or reduced, as applicable; provided that no such premium required by this clause (ii) shall be due and payable following the occurrence
of an Approval Termination Event.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event or an Event of Default.

(d) All
unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated.

(e) The
Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of
the Reinvestment Period.

ARTICLE
V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01. Appointment
and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio
manager under this Agreement and to perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein, and the Portfolio Manager
hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager shall consist of (x) selecting, purchasing, managing
and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition of Portfolio Investments, delivering Notices of Acquisition on behalf of and
in the name of the Company and (y) acting on behalf of the Company for all other purposes hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company herein and in each other Loan Document.
The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Portfolio Manager its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution)
in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the performance of its duties provided for herein. Without limiting
the foregoing:

(a) The
Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care, using a degree of skill not less than that which the Portfolio
Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for itself and others having similar
investment objectives and restrictions and consistent with practices and procedures followed by institutional managers of national standing
relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio; and

(b) The
Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should know would (1) violate
the constituent documents of the Company, (2)violate any law, rule or regulation applicable
to the Company, (3) require registration of the Company as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
or (4) subject to all applicable materiality qualifiers contained in this Agreement, cause
the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any instruments relating to the Portfolio Investments.

The Portfolio Manager may employ
third parties (including its Affiliates) to render advice (including investment advice) and assistance to the Company and to perform any
of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its duties
or liabilities hereunder regardless of the performance of any services by third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Administrative
Agent nor any Lender shall have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio manager hereunder.

- 53 - 

As compensation for its administrative
and management activities hereunder, the Portfolio Manager or its designee shall be entitled to receive (but shall be permitted to waive
by providing written notice of such waiver to the Collateral Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date on
which such payment is due and payable) the Management Fee pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.06 but subject to Section
6.02(t). For the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Manager may not defer all or any portion of the Management Fee.

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio
Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc.The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with
all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company hereunder and not to act in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager
represents to the other parties hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date and Settlement Date for each Portfolio Investment purchased, such
Portfolio Investment meets all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and,
except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) and (b) all of the information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete
in all material respects (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent); provided that, to the extent any such information
was furnished to the Company by any third party, such information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material
respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager.

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification.
The Portfolio Manager and the Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents and the Lenders and their respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person)
from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any kind, including reasonable and documented legal fees
and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons,
and one additional firm of outside counsel for any Indemnified Persons subject to an actual or perceived conflict of interest and such
other local counsel as shall be required (collectively, Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified
Person on a current basis for all reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonable and
documented fees and disbursements of counsel, subject to the limitations above), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection
with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending any investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action, suit, claim
or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any breach by the Portfolio Manager of any of its obligations hereunder (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the obligation set forth in Section 6.02(k) to comply with any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in
its constituent documents), (b) the failure of any of the representations or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein to
be true when made or when deemed made or repeated, (c) any exercise by the Company of its voting rights as set forth in Section 6.03
which results in equitable subordination with respect to any Portfolio Investment in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency,
moratorium or liquidation proceeding, (d) any liabilities that arise to the extent due to their or any of their Affiliates own
gross negligence, recklessness, bad faith or willful misconduct (including any affirmative act taken with the knowledge that it would
cause liability under this Agreement) or (e) fraud at the Company or the Parent; in each case, except to the extent that such Liabilities
or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth herein, the Portfolio Manager
shall have no responsibility to the Lender or other Indemnified Parties solely on account of the credit performance of the Portfolio
Investments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Portfolio Manager or the Parent
be liable for any consequential, indirect or special damages.

This
Section 5.03 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all amounts
owing to the Secured Parties hereunder.

- 54 - 

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Representations
and Warranties. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (l), (n), (o), (t) through
(w) and (aa), the Portfolio Manager) represents to the other parties hereto solely with respect to itself that as of the date hereof
and each Trade Date (or as of such other date as maybe expressly set forth below):

(a) it
is duly organized or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to
which it is or may become a party and to consummate the transactions herein and therein contemplated;

(b) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable limitations on
the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);

(c) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate
in any material respect any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will
not result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected;

(d) it
is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding;

(e) it
has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are
necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other
Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where the
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) it
is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(g) it
has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

(h) it
has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and general
operating expenses and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan;

- 55 - 

(i) (x)
neither it nor the Parent has underlying assets which constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules;
and (y) neither it nor the Parent has within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been required to contribute
to and does not have any liability with respect to any Plan and no ERISA Affiliate has any liability with respect to any Plan that could
be reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company;

(j) as
of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this Agreement
or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud
any of its creditors;

(k) it
is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect;

(l) it
has complied with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental authorities, decrees and orders with respect to its business
and properties and the Portfolio, except where noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(m) it
does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or other Investments either (i)
constituting Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company as permitted hereunder, or
(iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar
process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

(n) (x)
it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and
all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or information
relating to third parties) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such
information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by or relating to a third party, to its knowledge contains),
when taken as a whole, as of its delivery date, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading and (z) as of the Effective
Date, to the best of its knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective
Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects;

(o) [reserved];

(p) the
Company has timely filed all material Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such Tax returns are true and
correct in all material respects; and the Company has paid or withheld (as applicable) all material Taxes owing or levied or imposed upon
it or its properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, or required to be withheld by it (if any) shown on such Tax returns,
except, in each case, (x) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves
shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (y) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

- 56 - 

(q) the
Company is and will be treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(r) the
Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person;

(s) prior
to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for Portfolio
Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto;

(t) neither
it nor to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Company or Portfolio Manager, as applicable, any of its Affiliates is (i) a
Sanctioned Person; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a Sanctioned Country or a country or territory which is designated
as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are
transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e.,
a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence
and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (iv) a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to
money laundering concerns. It is in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and also in compliance with all applicable provisions of
the PATRIOT Act;

(u) the
Company is the subject of and complies with policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its agents and their
respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company
and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are in compliance in all material respects with
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result
in the Company being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) the Company or its directors, officers, managers or employees or (ii)
to the knowledge of the Company, any director, manager or agent of the Company that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit
from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person;

(v) (i)
the Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, the Parent and the Seller, on the one hand,
and the Company, on the other and (ii) it has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments and other Collateral free of any
Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument
similar in effect naming or purportedly naming the Company or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral
is on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party
pursuant hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection with the Sale Agreement or which has been terminated;

(w) the
Company is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of their respective Affiliates in connection
with its entering into and performing under this Agreement;

(x) there
are no judgments for Taxes with respect to the Company and no claim is being asserted with respect to the Taxes of the Company; except
any such claims with respect to Taxes (x) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves
shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP and (y) that could not be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

- 57 - 

(y) this
Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the UCC as in effect from time to time in the State of New York)
in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is validly perfected under
Article 9 of the UCC and is prior to all other Liens (except for Permitted Liens), to the extent (as to perfection and priority)
that a security interest in said Collateral may be perfected under the applicable UCC;

(z) the
Parent (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and (ii) has elected
to be treated a business development corporation for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(aa) the Portfolio Manager
is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended;

(bb) no ERISA Event has occurred;
and

(cc) all proceeds of the
Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds of any Advance
will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof
will violate or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. No
Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock.

SECTION 6.02. Covenants
of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (e), (g), (h),
(k), (o), (r) and (gg), the Portfolio Manager):

(a) shall
at all times: (i) maintain at least one independent manager or director (who is in the business of serving as an independent manager or
director); (ii) maintain its own separate books and records (other than tax returns and documents related thereto to the extent provided
pursuant to subsection (iv) below) and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate
from any other Person (except to the extent that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes) (without limiting the
foregoing, it is acknowledged that for accounting purposes, the Company may be consolidated as required by GAAP and included in such Persons
consolidated financial statements described in clause (vii) below); (iv) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent that the Company
is treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law, and
pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable Law, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and in respect of which the Company has established proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP; (v) not commingle its assets
with assets of any other Person; (vi) conduct its business in its own name and comply with all organizational formalities to maintain
its separate existence; (vii) maintain separate financial statements (except as may be required for U.S. federal income and applicable
state and local tax purposes) unless the Companys financial statements are consolidated with the financial statements of the Parent
and an appropriate notation is made on such consolidated financial statements of the Parent to indicate the separateness of the Company
from the Parent and to indicate that the Companys assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and obligations of the
Parent; (viii) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds; (ix) maintain an arms-length relationship with the Parent and
each of its other Affiliates; (x) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xi) allocate
fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space; (xii) use separate stationery,
invoices and checks; (xiii) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as security for the obligations of
any other Person; (xiv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xv) maintain adequate capital in light of
its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets; (xvi)
not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates except as permitted under the Loan Documents; (xvii) cause the managers,
officers, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times with respect to the Company consistently and in furtherance
of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and (xviii) maintain at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution
of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole member from the Company, shall immediately become the member of
the Company in accordance with its organizational documents.

- 58 - 

(b) shall
not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required or permitted to be performed under the preceding
clause (a), including, other than with respect to any warrants received in connection with a Portfolio Investment or any Investments the
Company shall have acquired or received in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding
involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs
of any other Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit the Company from taking,
or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail to be Solvent; (iii) release, sell, transfer,
convey or assign any Portfolio Investment unless in accordance with the Loan Documents; (iv) except for capital contributions or capital
distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly reflected on the books and records of the Company,
enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of the Company except on commercially reasonable terms not materially less favorable to the
Company (taken as a whole) than those available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length transaction; (v) identify itself as a
department or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any asset or property other than the Collateral and the related assets and incidental
personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of these assets and the operation of the Company.

(c) shall
take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the Assumptions sections in the opinions of the
Companys counsel, dated the date hereof, relating to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters;

(d) shall
not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents,
(ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan;

(e) shall
comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and shall be subject to and comply in all material respects
with policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company and its directors, managers, officers, employees and agents
with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions;

(f) shall
not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which it is a party, in the case of clauses (1) and (2) above, in
any manner that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent;

(g) shall
not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this Agreement
to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien
to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden (i) the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds
thereof or (ii) the equity interests of the Company, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take any action that would cause
the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of
any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except for Permitted Liens;

- 59 - 

(h) shall
not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which consent may be withheld
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, enter into any hedge agreement;

(i) shall
not change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed
by the Company (or by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Company) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially misleading or
change its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least
30 days (or such shorter period consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) prior written notice thereof, and shall
promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements
(and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to
the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed);

(j) shall
do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability
company and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in the jurisdiction
of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral;

(k) shall
comply with (A) all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (B) with respect to the performance of its
respective obligations or the exercise of its respective rights, any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent documents,
including its limited partnership agreement or portfolio management agreement, as applicable;

(l) shall
not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, in each case, without the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent;

(m) except
for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not form, or
cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments
(by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of
the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant
to the other Loan Documents;

(n) shall
ensure that (i) its and the Parents affairs are conducted so that its and the Parents underlying assets do not constitute
plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules, and (ii) neither it nor the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes
to or is required to contribute to or has any liability with respect to any Plan; and no ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes
to or becomes required to contribute to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company;

- 60 - 

(o) except
for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other
Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (i) on the Collateral or any interest therein or (ii) the equity interests
of the Company (other than Permitted Liens), and the Company shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for
the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under
the Company (other than Permitted Liens);

(p) (i)
shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following
financial statements, reports and information: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Parent, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of
such year and the related consolidated statements of income and changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in
each case, in comparative form, the figures for the previous year; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered
pursuant to this clause (a) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the
Parents annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so
available, (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than
the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of the end of such fiscal quarter and the related statements of income and changes in net assets and of cash flows for such fiscal
quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any, but including, in the case of statements of income and changes in net assets
and of cash flows, for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter); provided,
that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (b) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor
system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative
Agent on the date such documents are made so available and (c) from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise)
as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request;

(ii) shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent as soon as available, but no later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant
to Section 6.02(p)(i)(a) or (b), a compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and correct, (i)
stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (ii) stating that the Company is in compliance with the covenants set forth in
this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent; (iii) stating that the representations
and warranties of the Company contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished
at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date thereof, except
to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct
as of such earlier date; and (iv) solely in the case of financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i)(b), certifying that
such financial statements fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Parent
on the dates and for the periods indicated, on the basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring
year-end adjustments;

(q) shall
pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon the Company
or upon the income, profits or property of the Company; provided that the Company shall not be required to pay or discharge or
cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay
or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or subject the Collateral to a material risk of material
impairment, forfeiture or loss;

- 61 - 

(r) shall
permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request,
and at the Companys expense, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments
and (B) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments for the purpose
of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Persons performance under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters
(including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect
to review of the Portfolio Investments). The Company agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as
may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect
with the Companys or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days
prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of
a Market Value Event or following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing
or number of such inspections and only one (1) Business Day prior notice will be required before any inspection. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this clause (r), neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager will be required to disclose, permit the inspection,
examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (including on any quarterly
telephone conference) that (x) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information,
(y) in respect of which access or inspection by, or disclosure to, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives
or contractors) is prohibited by Applicable Law or any binding confidentiality agreement or (z) is subject to attorney-client or
similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product;

(s) shall
not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X;

(t) shall
not pay any management fees to the Portfolio Manager or make any Restricted Payments, in each case, without the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may make Permitted Distributions and Management Fee Payments to the extent
permitted under this Agreement; provided further that Permitted Distributions constituting Management Fees made in any Calculation
Period shall not exceed the Management Fee Amount for such Calculation Period;

(u) shall
not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or Investments constituting Eligible Investments (measured at the
time of acquisition), (B) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent or (C) those the Company shall have acquired or
received in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment
or any issuer thereof;

(v) shall
not request any Advance, and the Company shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly, use, and shall procure that
its directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly use, the proceeds of
any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else
of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required
to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto;

- 62 - 

(w) other
than with the written consent (including via email) of the Administrative Agent, shall not transfer to any of its Affiliates any Portfolio
Investment purchased from any of its Affiliates (other than sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those
of an arms-length transaction and at fair market value); provided that the aggregate principal amount or face amount, as
applicable, of all such transfers or sales to Affiliates during any twelve month period shall not exceed 25% of the aggregate principal
amount or face amount, as applicable, of Portfolio Investments purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company from the Parent (net of
all prior transfers or sales to Affiliates) since the Effective Date;

(x) shall
post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver
via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment Obligor in respect of a Portfolio Investment, without
duplication of any other reporting requirements set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, all financial statements received
with respect to such Portfolio Investment and any management discussion and analysis provided by such Portfolio Investment Obligor and
any financial reporting packages and notifications of credit events with respect to such Portfolio Investment Obligor and with respect
to each Portfolio Investment for such Portfolio Investment Obligor (including any attached or included information, statements and calculations).
In addition, the Company shall post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager
will have access and deliver via email to the Administrative Agent notice of any credit event or amendment to any Underlying Definitive
Documents relating to an Portfolio Investment Obligor immediately upon obtaining knowledge thereof. The Company shall cause the Portfolio
Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio Investment
or Portfolio Investment Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager);

(y) shall
not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company take any other
action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes;

(z) shall
only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person and shall not recognize
the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S.
Person;

(aa) shall from time to time
execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments
of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary or as reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant more
effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Agreement
or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof, perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made
by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties
in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay or cause to be paid any and all Taxes levied
or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes and any other costs arising
in connection with its activities or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document,
agreement or other papers that may be necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant
to this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such pledge and security
interest, and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to file a UCC financing statement listing all assets of the debtor
(or substantially similar language) in the collateral description of such financing statement;

- 63 - 

(bb) [reserved];

(cc) shall not hire any employees;

(dd) shall not maintain any
bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Collateral Accounts;

(ee) except as otherwise
expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the underlying instruments in respect of a Portfolio Investment to which
it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements unless
(in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion;

(ff) shall not make or incur
any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with this Agreement;

(gg) shall not act on behalf
of a Sanctioned Person or in a Sanctioned Country, and none of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates,
owners, directors, officers or agents is a Sanctioned Person. The Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager
will not cause the Company to own or acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, except
to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions;

(hh) shall give notice to
the Administrative Agent promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days (or one (1) Business Day in the
case of clauses (2) and (5) below) after the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) any
Adverse Proceeding;

(2) any
Default or Event of Default;

(3) a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any material adverse claim asserted against
any of the Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral;

(4) any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to
the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and

(5) a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of a Portfolio Investment which constitutes
an Eligible Investment hereunder becomes an Ineligible Investment; and

- 64 - 

(ii) shall
ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof are at all times deposited
in or credited to a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account except to the extent that any such proceeds are transferred to another Collateral
Account in accordance with this Agreement or any such Portfolio Investment is sold in accordance with this Agreement.

(jj) shall ensure that the
Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided that any Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be
cash collateralized as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g).

SECTION 6.03. Amendments
of Portfolio Investments, Etc.If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any notice or other
written communication concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any
related underlying instrument or rights thereunder which in the commercially reasonable judgement of the Portfolio Manager is not solely
ministerial and clerical in nature (each, an Amendment) with respect to any Portfolio Investment or any related
Underlying Definitive Documents, or makes any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies
thereunder, it will give prompt (and in any event, not later than five (5) Business Days) notice thereof to the Administrative
Agent. In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise
of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem appropriate under the circumstances; provided that any amendment,
supplement, waiver or other modification of the type specified in the definition of Material Amendment shall be subject
to the approval of the Administrative Agent (and any such amendment supplement, waiver or other modification effected without such approval
shall result in such Portfolio Investment being an Ineligible Investment); provided further that if an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers of ownership as the Administrative
Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms of the related underlying
instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such right shall be limited to the
extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any such case, following the Companys receipt thereof,
the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to Underlying Definitive Documents,
executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered in connection with any Amendment.

ARTICLE
VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events (Events
of Default) shall occur:

(a) the
Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other
amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof
or otherwise and, solely in the case of amounts other than principal and interest, such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business
Days following the such failure unless its failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error, in which case such period
shall be extended by one (1) additional Business Day;

(b) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or the Portfolio Manager or the Parent (collectively, the
Credit Risk Parties) herein or in any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder,
or in any report, certificate, or other document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry
information or information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or any amendment or modification
thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood
that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure)
and such failure shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days following the earlier of (x) the Company becoming aware of such failure
or (y) receipt of written notice by the Company of such failure;

- 65 - 

(c) (A)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii), (xi),
(xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (w), (cc) or (hh), Section 8.02(b) or the last sentence
of the first paragraph of Section 1.04 or (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or
agreement contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the
date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure
is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit
Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware
of such failure;

(d) an
involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief
in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
conservator or similar official for any Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding
or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(e) any
Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief
under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the
institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article,
(iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such
Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed
against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose
of effecting any of the foregoing;

(f) any
Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(g) the
passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the Company;

(h) any
final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $1,000,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect thereto)
shall be rendered against the Company, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30)
days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired;

(i) an
ERISA Event occurs;

(j) a
Change of Control occurs;

- 66 - 

(k) the
Company or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(l) the
Portfolio Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as Portfolio
Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement and, in each case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager is not appointed (and has accepted such appointment) in accordance
this Agreement concurrently with or prior to such resignation, assignment or cessation;

(m) a
LTV Default has occurred and is not remedied within either (i) one (1) Business Day or (ii) in the event such LTV Default occurs during
a Market Value Cure Period, such Market Value Cure Period; or

(n) (i)
failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than in the
case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance with Section 2.03(f), (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy
its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan (including the payment
of any amount in connection with the sale thereof to the extent required under this Agreement) or (iii) failure of the Company to fund
the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(g); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake
any action set forth in this clause (n)(i) or (n)(ii) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days;

then, and in every such event
(other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case
during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the
Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Parent, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate
the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations
then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable
may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with
accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately,
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event
with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and
all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued
hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby waived by the Company.

ARTICLE
VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral
Accounts; Agreement as to Control.

(a) Establishment
and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the Securities Intermediary
does hereby establish, each of the Collection Account, each Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, if any, the MV Cure Account, the Unfunded
Exposure Account and the Securities Account (collectively, the Collateral Accounts). The Securities Intermediary
agrees to maintain the Collateral Accounts as a securities intermediary (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the
UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. In the event any Collateral Account
is re-characterized as a deposit account, the Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain such Collateral Account as a bank
(within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (in such capacity, the Bank), in the name of the Company subject
to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. The Securities Intermediary hereby certifies that it is a bank or trust company
that in the ordinary course of business maintains securities accounts and deposit accounts for others and in that capacity has established
the Collateral Accounts.

- 67 - 

(b) Collateral
Agent in Control of Collateral Accounts. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (1) each Collateral Account shall be deemed
to be a securities account (within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of the UCC, (2) all property credited to any Collateral
Account shall be treated as a financial asset for purposes of Article 8 of the UCC and (3) except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
the Collateral Agent will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to each Collateral
Account. Except as provided in Section 8.01(h) below, the parties hereto agree that the Securities Intermediary shall act only on entitlement
orders or other instructions with respect to the Collateral Accounts originated by the Collateral Agent and no other Person (and without
further consent by any other Person); and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have exclusive control and
the sole right of withdrawal over each Collateral Account. The only permitted withdrawals from the Collateral Accounts shall be in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement.

(c) Subordination
of Lien, Etc. If the Securities Intermediary has or subsequently obtains by agreement, operation of law or otherwise a security interest
in any Collateral Account or any security entitlement credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that such security interest
shall be subordinate to the security interest of the Collateral Agent. The property credited to any Collateral Account will not be subject
to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent (except that the
Securities Intermediary may set-off (1) all amounts due to the Securities Intermediary in respect of its customary fees and expenses for
the routine maintenance and operation of the Collateral Accounts, and (2) the face amount of any checks which have been credited to any
Collateral Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds).

(d) Property
Registered, Indorsed, etc. to Securities Intermediary. All securities or other property represented by a certificated security, promissory
note or an instrument underlying any financial assets credited to any Collateral Account shall be registered in the name of the Securities
Intermediary, indorsed to the Securities Intermediary in blank or credited to another securities account maintained in the name of the
Securities Intermediary, and in no case will any financial asset credited to any Collateral Account be registered in the name of the Company,
payable to the order of the Company or specially indorsed to the Company except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed
to the Securities Intermediary or in blank.

(e) Jurisdiction;
Governing Law of Collateral Accounts. The establishment and maintenance of each Collateral Account and all interests, duties and obligations
related thereto shall be governed by the law of the State of New York and the securities intermediarys jurisdiction
(within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) shall be the State of New York. As permitted by Article 4 of the Hague Convention on
the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the Hague Convention), the
parties hereto agree that the law of the State of New York shall govern each Securities Account and the issues specified in Article 2(1)
of the Hague Convention. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be construed as an amendment to any other account
agreement governing any Securities Account. Terms used in this Section 8.01 without definition have the meanings given to them in the
UCC.

- 68 - 

(f) No
Duties. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Securities Intermediary shall not have any additional duties under this
Agreement other than those expressly set forth in this Section 8.01, and the Securities Intermediary shall satisfy those duties expressly
set forth in this Section 8.01 so long as it acts without gross negligence, fraud, reckless disregard or willful misconduct. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Securities Intermediary shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, and the Securities
Intermediary shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers. The Securities Intermediary
shall be subject to all of the rights, protections and immunities given to the Collateral Agent hereunder, including indemnities. In the
event the Securities Intermediary receives instructions from the Company to effect a securities transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR
12.1, the Company acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost, it has the right to receive the notification from
the Securities Intermediary after the completion of such transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.4(a) or (b). The Company agrees that,
absent specific request, such notifications shall not be provided by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and in lieu of such notifications,
the Securities Intermediary shall make available periodic account statements in the manner required by this Agreement.

(g) Ownership
of Collateral Accounts; Tax Forms. For the avoidance of doubt, each Collateral Account (including income, if any, earned on the investments
of funds in such Collateral Account) will be owned by the Company (and to the extent that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity
for tax purposes, by Parent, as its sole owner), for federal income tax purposes. The Company is required to provide to the Securities
Intermediary (i) an IRS Form W-9 of Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes no later than the date of this Agreement, and (ii) any
additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted IRS forms) or other documentation at such time or times required
by Applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the Securities Intermediary as may be necessary (x) to reduce or eliminate the imposition
of U.S. withholding taxes and (y) to permit the Securities Intermediary to fulfill its tax reporting obligations under Applicable Law
with respect to the Collateral Accounts or any amounts paid to the Company. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered
becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, the Company shall timely provide to the Securities Intermediary accurately updated and
complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. Wilmington Trust, National Association both in its individual capacity and
in its capacity as Securities Intermediary, shall have no liability to the Company or any other person in connection with any tax withholding
amounts paid or withheld from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Applicable Law arising from the Companys failure to timely provide
an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 of Parent as its sole owner or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be invested with respect to such Collateral Accounts
absent the Securities Intermediary having first received the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph.

(h) Investment
of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and
reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible
Investments; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market Value
Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent.

(i) Unfunded
Exposure Account.

(i) Amounts
may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account from time to time in accordance with Section 4.05. Amounts shall also be deposited
into the Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f) or Section 2.03(g).

- 69 - 

(ii) While
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing
Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities
Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Company
(i) for the purpose of funding the Companys unfunded commitments with respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans,
for deposit into the Collection Account and (ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist after giving effect to
the withdrawal. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value
Event, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral
Administrator), the Securities Intermediary shall transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Collection Account to be
applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction of the Company by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary
(with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded
Exposure Account in excess of outstanding funding obligations of the Company shall be released to the Collection Account to prepay the
outstanding Advances.

SECTION 8.02. Collateral
Security; Pledge; Delivery.

(a) Grant
of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Companys obligations to the
Agents, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties)
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Secured Obligations), the Company hereby pledges
to the Collateral Agent and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent in all of the Companys right,
title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts, payment
intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights, investment
property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a) being collectively
referred to herein as Collateral), including, without limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Companys
interests in the Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property from time to time credited thereto, (3) the Sale
Agreement, any other Loan Document and all rights related to each such agreement, (4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds
thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof.

(b) Delivery
and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Company shall (1) Deliver to the Collateral
Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; and (2) if any of the securities, monies or other property pledged
by the Company hereunder are received by the Company, forthwith take such action as is necessary to ensure the Collateral Agents
continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Collateral
Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral
Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Paul Hastings LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection and priority of the Collateral Agents security interest in any of the Collateral.

- 70 - 

(c) Remedies,
Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if
and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders) do any of the following:

(i) Exercise
in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights
and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice
except as specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral
Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the
Collateral Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may deem commercially reasonable.
The Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar days prior notice to
the Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable
notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been
given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place
fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned;

(ii) Transfer
all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a nominee thereof;

(iii) Enforce
collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or
extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect
thereto;

(iv) Endorse
any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to allow collection of the Collateral;

(v) Take
control of any proceeds of the Collateral;

(vi) Execute
(in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance or transfer
with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or

(vii) Perform
such other acts as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents rights and interest hereunder.

(d) Compliance
with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction
in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law
(including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective
bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent
and agree that they are purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral),
or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and
the Company and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered
or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company
or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with
any such limitation or restriction.

- 71 - 

(e) Private
Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale
pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any claims
against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a private
sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale.

(f) Collateral
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being
understood that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with
full authority in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Collateral Agents
discretion (exercised at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or
the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges, consents
and agrees that the power of attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled
with an interest.

(g) Further
Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the
Administrative Agent), the Company will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral
Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to
protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise
and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights
and protections afforded to the Company or the Portfolio Manager herein.

(h) Release
of Security Interest Upon Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Portfolio Investment (or
portion thereof) that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Loan or other Portfolio Investment (or the
portion thereof which has been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall, immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Loan or other
Portfolio Investment (or such portion) and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party,
be released. Upon any such release, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense and instruction, deliver to the Company,
or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates
and instruments representing or evidencing such Portfolio Investment held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver
to the Company or its nominee such documents, in each case at the sole cost of the Company and as the Company shall reasonably request
to evidence such release. Any such instruction (which shall include any borrower order, trade ticket or any other direction) shall be
deemed to constitute a certification from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) that all conditions to such sale, transfer
or disposition of such Portfolio Investment have been complied with.

(i) Termination.
Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein
shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company.
Upon any such termination, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities
Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments
representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company
or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

- 72 - 

ARTICLE
IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Appointment
of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints
each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the Agents)
as its agent and authorizes such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent
by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the
Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall
be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent.

Each financial institution serving
as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and may exercise
the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

No Agent or the Collateral Administrator
shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no
Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no
Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except that the foregoing shall not limit
any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required
to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent (A) in respect of the exercise of remedies under Section
8.02(c), the Required Lenders, or (B) in all other cases, the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly
set forth herein, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating
to the Company that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent (except insofar
as provided to it as Agent hereunder) or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken
by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative
Agent (in the case of the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage
of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge of any matter, including any Default, Event of Default, Market Value
Event, failure of the Borrowing Base Test unless and until a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge thereof or received written notice
thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty
or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered
hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions
set forth herein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement,
instrument or document or the Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of
items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary
or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder
if it reasonably believes it will not receive reimbursement therefor hereunder.

- 73 - 

Each Agent shall be entitled
to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, order, statement, instrument,
direction, opinion, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each
Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall
not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice
of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

In the event the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, the
instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. Neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duties
or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a
party. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act.

It is expressly acknowledged
and agreed that neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall not be under any duty
to monitor or determine, compliance with the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limitations or the conditions to any purchase hereunder
in any instance, or to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance
by any other Person with the requirements of this Agreement.

Each Agent may perform any and
all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. No Agent shall be responsible
for any acts or omissions on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent with due care. Each Agent and any such sub-agent
may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its Affiliates (the Related Parties) for such Agent.
The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent and
any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided
for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to each other agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager
and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor; provided that, so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or no Market Value Event has occurred, any such appointment of a successor
to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If
no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after
the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice
of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution
with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or no Market Value Event has occurred, any such appointment of the Collateral Administrator, the
Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no successor shall have been so appointed
by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the retiring agent gives notice of its
resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its
appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder
by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring agent,
and the retiring agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the retiring agents resignation hereunder,
the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring agent, its sub-agents
and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral
Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

- 74 - 

Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Securities
Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent),
with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager.
Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the right (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor
to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person
shall have been so appointed by the Company and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after such notice of removal,
then the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or
an Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or
no Market Value Event has occurred, any such appointment of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary
or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the removed agent, and the removed agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder.
After the removed agents removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect
for the benefit of such removed agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted
to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may
be.

Upon the request of the Company
or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute
and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and
shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder.
Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully
and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights, powers and trusts.

Each Lender acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement
or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

- 75 - 

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding,
in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive, indirect or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent or the Collateral
Administrator, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent or the Collateral Administrator
was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it
in connection with this Agreement.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond or other document or have any responsibility for filing or recording any financing or
continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or
lien granted to it hereunder.

No Agent shall be responsible
for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes,
lockouts, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are entitled to
rely conclusively on any Payment Date Report approved by the Administrative Agent or any other instructions provided to them by the Administrative
Agent.

The rights, protections and
immunities given to the Agents in this Section 9.01 and 9.02 shall likewise be available and applicable to the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator.

SECTION 9.02. Additional
Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.

(a) Collateral
Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein
and the Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that in
each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any such action in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation
to comply with any such direction if it reasonably believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely
to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the
case may be, issuing such instruction make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same. With respect
to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall
not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully
protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Administrative Agent.

If, in performing its duties
under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Collateral Agent shall request
written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to
rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder.

- 76 - 

(b) Reasonable
Care. The Collateral Agent is required to hold in custody and preserve any of the Collateral in its possession pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents
or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon.

(c) Collateral
Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless
disregard of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement
with respect to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to the Collateral
Agents failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor
and not as collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment
prior to its stated maturity. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or
assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral.

(d) Certain
Rights and Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may
execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or
other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders
have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent
on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral
at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity
unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of
the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations
as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale.

(e) Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager, may agree in writing, subject to the Priority of Payments. The Company
further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, or reimburse the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys fees, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments.

(f) Execution
by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are executing this
Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator hereunder and in no event shall have any obligation
to make any Advance, provide any Advance or perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder. Any organization or entity into
which the Collateral Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, any organization or entity resulting from
any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party and any organization or entity succeeding to all
or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent shall be the successor Collateral Agent hereunder without
execution or filing of any paper or any further act of any of the parties hereto; provided that such surviving entity meets the requirements
of a successor Collateral Agent set forth in Section 9.01.

- 77 - 

(g) Reports
by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints Wilmington Trust, National Association as Collateral Administrator and
directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral
Administrator and the Administrative Agent.

(h) Information
Provided to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither
the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of
the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a
timely basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply
with the terms of this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the
Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance
or observance on the Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder
that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part
of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof.

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements
of the Lenders.

(a) Each
Secured Party hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Secured Party that the Administrative Agent has determined in
its sole discretion that any funds received by such Secured Party from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a
payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment)
were erroneously transmitted to such Secured Party (whether or not known to such Secured Party), and demands the return of such Payment
(or a portion thereof), such Secured Party shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative
Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest
thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the
date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the
extent permitted by applicable law, such Secured Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim,
counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent
for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar
doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Secured Party under this Section 9.03 shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error.

(b) Each
Secured Party hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (i) that
is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or
any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied
by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Secured
Party agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such
Secured Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall
promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment
(or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from
and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative
Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

- 78 - 

(c) The
parties hereto hereby agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Secured Party that
has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such
Secured Party with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any
obligations owed by the Company, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment
that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Company for the purpose of making such Payment.

(d) Each
partys obligations under this Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any
transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, any Secured Party, the termination of the Financing Commitments or the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

SECTION 9.04. Notices. The
Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or
any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured
Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more
acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code,
including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Company
is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at
the direction of) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable
law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be,
and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations
with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall
vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating
the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle
or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be
authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles,
(ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any
further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative
Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions
by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests
thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required
Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle
or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions
by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.05 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle
or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which
were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such
acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition
vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not
used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations
assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such
Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations
and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically
be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the
ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth
in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or
any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit
bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid.

- 79 - 

SECTION 9.05. Certain
ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender
party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender
party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans
in connection with the Advances or the Financing Commitments;

(ii) the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement;

(iii) (A)
such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through
(g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are
satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the
Financing Commitments and this Agreement; or

(iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b) In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another
representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x)
represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became
a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective Affiliates,
and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that none of the Agents,
or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection
with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related
to hereto or thereto).

- 80 - 

Each Agent hereby informs the
Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that
such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Financing Commitments,
this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Advances or the Financing Commitments for an
amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Financing Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive
fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring
fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent
or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction
fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition;
Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator,
the Portfolio Manager and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders)
hereby agrees not to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or
liquidation of the Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any
applicable preference period plus one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions
are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative
Agent or the Company may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without
limitation, in any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of
any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal
of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section
10.01 shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the
type described in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement
shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the
Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by
any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement
is solely a corporate obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder) the Portfolio
Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member,
manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity)
or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained
in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager
of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such
incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration
for the execution of this Agreement.

- 81 - 

SECTION 10.02. Notices.
All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers
or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging
system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule
(or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such
notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) transmitted by facsimile, (b) personally delivered,
(c) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (d) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or
any other electronic messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver.
No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right,
power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power
or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 10.04. Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff.

(a) The
Company shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator,
the Securities Intermediary and their Related Parties, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent,
the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, and such other local counsel as required for the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, collectively, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement or
any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall
be consummated) and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary and the Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and such other local counsel as required for all of them, in connection herewith, including
the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement, including their rights under this Section, or in connection
with the Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any
workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.

(b) The
Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and their Related Parties (each
such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for each affiliated
group of Indemnitees and one additional firm of outside counsel for any Indemnitees subject
to an actual or perceived conflict of interest and such other local counsel as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted
against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (1) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement
or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including, without limitation,
any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after
giving effect to any limitation included in any such representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material Adverse
Effect)) or the exercise of the parties thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval
by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (3) any actual or prospective claim,
litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless
of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action; provided that such indemnity shall not,
as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent
losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

- 82 - 

(c) To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against
the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement, instrument
or transaction contemplated hereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that nothing contained in this sentence
shall limit the Companys indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent such damages are included in a third party claim in
connection with which the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary are entitled to indemnification
hereunder.

(d) If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and
from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the
account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such
Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be
unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff)
which such Lender may have.

(e) This
Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder.

SECTION 10.05. Amendments.
Subject to Section 3.01(h)(ii), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing
(including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission or electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents,
the Collateral Administrator, the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, however, that any
amendment to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment is necessary to effectuate
the purposes of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and which would not result in an increase or decrease
in the rights, duties or liabilities of the Portfolio Manager or the Company shall not be required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager
or the Company; provided further that the Administrative Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements
set forth in Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; provided further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections
or immunities; provided further that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby;
provided further that (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company only, amend, modify or supplement this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent), so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall
have received at least five Business Days prior written notice (which may be by electronic mail) thereof and the Administrative
Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice (which may be by
electronic mail) from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (ii) the Administrative Agent
may (with the consent of the Required Lenders), in its sole and absolute discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in
this Agreement and may grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with the terms of this Agreement..

- 83 - 

SECTION 10.06. Successors;
Assignments.

(a) The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer
by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or by reason of this Agreement.

(b) Subject
to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, other than in respect of an assignment to a Kayne Competitor or any Subsidiary thereof)
of the Administrative Agent and the Company; provided that (1) no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an
assignment of any Financing Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) immediately prior to giving effect to
such assignment and (2) no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment (x) to an assignee that is a bank, broker-dealer
or insurance company or any Affiliate of the foregoing or (y) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event.

Assignments shall be subject
to the following additional conditions: (A) each assignment shall be in a minimum amount of not less than $1,000,000; (B) each partial
assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this
Agreement and (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment and assumption agreement
in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Subject to acceptance and recording
thereof in the Register below, from and after the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall
be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a
Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and
assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the
assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall
continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.03 and 10.04).

- 84 - 

The Administrative Agent, acting
solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered
to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Lender and the Portfolio Manager, at any reasonable
time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an
assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record the information contained
therein in the Register.

(c) Any
Lender may sell participations to one or more banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies or other entities (a Lender Participant)
in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment
and the Advances owing to it); provided that (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such
Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the Company, the Agents
and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender
shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Lender Participant,
agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant.

(d) Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest
in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant
or any information relating to a Lender Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations
under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan,
letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or any
successor provision. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 3.01(f) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it
being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation))
to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided
that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to replacement of Lenders as if it
were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections
3.01(f) and 3.03, with respect to any participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive,
except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant
acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use
reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in Section 3.01(f) with
respect to any Lender Participant.

- 85 - 

SECTION 10.07. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.

(b) Submission
to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively, Proceedings) shall
be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan
in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any
objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that
such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings
to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place where such party
or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the
bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

(c) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 10.08. Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate
applicable to any Advance, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable
Law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which
may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the
rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited
to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were
not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.08 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender
in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together
with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT
Act. Each Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the
Company that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify
and record information that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information
that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and
the same instrument.

- 86 - 

SECTION 10.11. Headings.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability
of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under this Agreement may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers
of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may
be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

(b) the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(1) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(2) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its
parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or

(3) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution
Authority.

As used herein:

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an
Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act
2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b)
any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c)
any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition
and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

- 87 - 

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in
effect from time to time.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority
from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality.
Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information
until the date that is two (2) years after receipt of such Information (or, with respect to Information relating to the financial and
other material terms of this Agreement, until the date that is one (1) year after the Maturity Date), except that Information may be
disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors
(it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information
and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory
authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other
party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, the sale of any Portfolio Investment following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the
enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of
this Section 10.13, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement, or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating
to the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly
available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party or its Affiliates or (y) becomes available
to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other
than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under this Agreement or the Account Control Agreement. For the purposes
of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be
considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

[remainder of page intentionally blank]

- 88 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC, as Company

By 

Name: 

Title: 

KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC, INC.,

as Parent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary

By 

Name: 

Title: 

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1

Transaction Schedule

1. Types of Financing Available Financing Limit 

Advances yes (a) Prior to the Amendment No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase Date, $150,000,000 and (b) from and after the Amendment No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase Date, $250,000,000, in each case as increased from time to time under Section 2.06 and/or reduced from time to time in conjunction with the reduction of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 4.07. 

2. 

Lenders

Financing Commitment

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (a) Prior to the Amendment No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase Date: $150,000,000 and (b) from and after the Amendment No. 2 Financing Commitment Increase Date, $250,000,000, in each case as increased from time to time under Section 2.06 and/or reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07. 

3. Scheduled Termination Date: With respect to the Initial Commitment and, if applicable, the Increased Financing Commitment, December 22, 2029.

4. Interest Rates 

Applicable Margin for Advances: 

With respect to interest based on the Term SOFR
Rate, 2.25% per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b));

With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
2.25% per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

5. Account Numbers 

Securities Account: 167260-203

Deposit Accounts: 

Collection Account:

Interest Proceeds:

Principal Proceeds: 

167260-000

167260-202

167260-201

MV Cure Account: 167260-205

Unfunded Exposure Account: 167260-204

Permitted Non-USD Currency Account: On file with the Securities Intermediary

6. Market Value Trigger: 67.5%

7. Purchases of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As used herein, Restricted Security means any security that forms part of a new issue of publicly or privately issued securities (a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a broker or a dealer, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender. 

Addresses for Notices

The Company: 

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC

FINANCING II, LLC

717 Texas Avenue, Suite 2200

Houston, Texas 77002

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

with a copy to

2121 Avenue of the Stars, 9th Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90067

Telephone: 310-282-7900

Email:

KayneBDCF2@kaynecapital.com

Telephone: 713-493-2020

The Portfolio Manager: 

KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC

717 Texas Avenue, Suite 2200

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

with a copy to

2121 Avenue of the Stars, 9th Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90067

Telephone: 310-282-7900

Email:

KayneBDCF2@kaynecapital.com

Telephone: 713-493-2020

The Administrative Agent: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Telephone: (302) 634-2030

with a copy to

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-834-9340

Email:

james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

With a copy to:

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com;

The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator: 

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Wilmington, Delaware 19890

Attention: CLO Administration - KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC

Email: DL-CLO-Kayne_Anderson@mtb.com

JPMCB: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Facsimile: (302) 634-1092

with a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-622-7092

Each other Lender: The address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) provided by it to the Administrative Agent. 

SCHEDULE 2

Contents of Notices of Acquisition

Each Notice of Acquisition shall include the following information
for the related Portfolio Investment(s):

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Email: de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: Michael Grogan

Email: asset.managers.funds.na.credit.reporting@jpmorgan.com
and NA_Private_Financing_Diligence@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Email: de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

cc:

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Agent

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Administrator

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to
the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023 (as amended, the Agreement), among KAYNE ANDERSON
BDC FINANCING II, LLC, as borrower (the Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent
(the Administrative Agent), KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio Manager),
the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement,
the Portfolio Manager hereby [requests approval for the Company to acquire][notifies the Administrative Agent of the Companys
intention to acquire] the following Portfolio Investment(s):1

Fund 

Issuer / Obligor 

Jurisdiction 

Identifier (LoanX; CUSIP) 

Requested Notional Amount 

Asset Class 

Current Pay (Y/N) 

Syndication Type 

Lien 

Tranche Size 

Price 

Spread / Coupon 

Base Rate 

Floor 

Maturity 

GICS Industry 

LTM EBITDA (In Millions) 

LTM Capital Expenditures (in Millions) 

Leverage Through Tranche (Net) 

Currency Type 

Spot Rate 

Security Identifier 

Security Description 

Financial Covenants 

Quantity 

Governing Law 

1 Company to complete as applicable.

To the extent available, we
have included herewith (1) the Underlying Definitive Documents relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) audited financial
statements for the previous most recently ended three years of the Portfolio Investment Obligor of each such Portfolio Investment to the
extent available, or alternatively, a quality of earnings report prepared by an accredited accounting firm, (3) quarterly statements for
the previous most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the Portfolio Investment Obligor of each such Portfolio Investment, (4) pro forma
financial statements for the applicable one year period, if not included in the final investment committee memo (and for any longer period
to the extent so prepared), any appraisal or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed investment by
the Company, (5) applicable proof of existence details, (6) full and final investment committee memo (subject to redactions
for confidential information as reasonably determined by the Company) and (7) any other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to the extent prepared, available and permitted to be shared (subject to redactions for confidential information as reasonably determined
by the Company). The Portfolio Manager acknowledges that it will provide such other information from time to time reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent.

We hereby certify that all
conditions to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement are satisfied.

Very truly yours,

KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC, as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 3

Eligibility Criteria

1. Such obligation is a Senior Secured Loan, a Second Lien Loan or a secured Debt Security and is not a Synthetic
Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance Obligation, a Participation Interest, a Mezzanine Obligation (or, for the avoidance
of doubt, any other unsecured obligation of a Portfolio Investment Obligor) or a letter of credit or an interest therein.

2. Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the Company to the issuer
thereof or any related counterparty except in connection with a Delayed Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan.

3. Such obligation (i) is eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company and pledged to
the Collateral Agent and (ii) is able to be sold by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective designees, including
following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Market Value Event and, to the extent there is an express prohibition (other than customary
transfer restrictions, including (a) obtaining the consent of the obligor and/or any agent and (b) a prohibition on assignment to disqualified
institutions and competitors of the related obligor or any direct or indirect equity owner of the obligor (in each case, in a manner consistent
with market practice in the relevant market as notified by the Company to the Administrative Agent; provided that the delivery of the
Underlying Definitive Documents to the Administrative Agent will constitute adequate notice of any requirements with respect to clauses
(a) and (b) above)) on the pledging or transfer of such obligation, a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board
of directors or any similar governing body of the Portfolio Investment Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge or transfer of
such obligation shall have been obtained.

4. Such obligation is purchased at a price that is at least 80% of the par amount of such obligation.

5. Such obligation is denominated and payable in an Eligible Currency and is issued by a Portfolio Investment
Obligor organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction.

6. It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of
any withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction unless the related Portfolio Investment Obligor is required to make gross-up
payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such payments which the Company
(or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company) in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied.

7. Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in the underlying instruments for such
obligation) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure
period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed five (5) days) and no Indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor
thereon ranking pari passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with respect to the payment of principal or interest or is
subject to any other event of default that would trigger a default under the related loan agreement (after giving effect to any grace
and/or cure period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed five (5) days) (a Defaulted Portfolio Investment).

8. The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related risk as determined by the
Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable judgment.

9. It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase the subject of an offer other than an offer
pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash
in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and unpaid interest.

10. Such obligation is not an Equity Security and does not provide, on the date of acquisition, for conversion
or exchange at any time over its life into an Equity Security.

11. Such obligation provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually.

12. Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

13. The Portfolio Investment has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Underlying Definitive Documents
have been delivered to the Administrative Agent.

14. In the case of a Portfolio Investment that is a Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent is an Eligible
Assignee (as such term, or comparable term, is defined in the documents evidencing such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio
Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Administrative Agent and (ii) if the Company or the Portfolio
Manager (or in each case, an affiliate thereof) acts as the administrative agent in respect of such Portfolio Investment, the Company
shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an assignment agreement in its capacity as a lender to
hold in custody in accordance with this Agreement duly executed by the administrative agent in respect of such Portfolio Investment,
naming the Administrative Agent as assignee.

15. Following the relevant Trade Date, such Portfolio Investment has not been amended to (a) reduce the principal
amount of such Portfolio Investment, (b) postpone the maturity date in respect of such Portfolio Investment, (c) alter the pro rata allocation
or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related underlying instrument in a manner adverse to the Company, (d) release
any material guarantor of such Portfolio Investment from its obligations or (e) terminate or release any lien on a material portion on
the collateral securing such Portfolio Investment, in each case without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

16. Such obligation is not issued or incurred by a Portfolio Investment Obligor that maintain an EBITDA (as
determined in accordance with the terms of the Underlying Definitive Documents and measured on a trailing four quarter basis) of less
than $5,000,000.

The following capitalized
terms used in this Schedule 3 shall have the meanings set forth below:

EBITDA
means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the meaning of EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any
case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments,
an amount, for the obligor on such Portfolio Investment and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such
Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing
operations for such period plus (a) interest expense, (b) income taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such four fiscal quarter
period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including,
but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), other non-cash charges and organization costs, (e) to the extent
expressly approved by the Administrative Agent on a Portfolio Investment by Portfolio Investment basis, any other non-cash charges and
organization costs, extraordinary losses in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, one-time, non-recurring non-cash charges and costs and expenses
reducing earnings, other extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings
from continuing operations for such period); provided that with respect to any obligor for which four full fiscal quarters of economic
data are not available, EBITDA shall be determined for such obligor based on annualizing the economic data from the reporting periods
actually available as determined by the Administrative Agent.

Eligible
Currency means U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency.

Eligible
Jurisdictions means the United States and any State therein and Canada, Bermuda, Caymans and any country in the Eurozone.

Equity
Securities means shares of capital stock, partnership interests and limited liability company interests and other equity interests
of any kind of any Person, whether readily marketable or not.

Participation
Interest means a participation interest in a Loan or a Debt Security.

Structured
Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing
ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any Portfolio Investment Obligor, including collateralized debt obligations
and mortgage-backed securities.

Synthetic
Security means a security or swap transaction, other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that has payments
associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.

Zero-Coupon
Security means any Debt Security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period that
it is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity.

SCHEDULE 4

Concentration Limitations

The Concentration Limitations
shall be satisfied on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments)
owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements
set forth below:

1. Portfolio Investments issued by a single Portfolio Investment Obligor and its affiliates may not exceed
an aggregate principal balance equal to 6% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided that Portfolio Investments issued by three
(3) Portfolio Investment Obligors and their respective affiliates may each constitute up to an aggregate principal balance equal to 7.5%
of the Collateral Principal Amount, so long as (a) such Portfolio Investments are Senior Secured Loans (including first out
unitranche Loans) and (b) the Portfolio Investment Obligor maintains an EBITDA (as determined in accordance with the terms of the Underlying
Definitive Documents and measured on a trailing four quarter basis) of greater than $10,000,000.

2. Not less than 90% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans (including first
out unitranche Loans).

3. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are Second
Lien Loans, last out unitranche Loans or non-senior secured Debt Securities.

4. Not less than 85% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments, with respect
to which (x) the Portfolio Investment Obligors and their affiliates are domiciled in the United States of America and (y) are denominated
in U.S. Dollars.

5. Not more than 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued
by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to the same GICS Sector Classification; provided that Portfolio Investments that are
issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to any of the Real Estate, Utilities or Energy GICS Sector Classifications may not
exceed 10% the Collateral Principal Amount; provided further that Portfolio Investments that are issued by Portfolio Investment
Obligors that belong to (w) the Industrials GICS Sector Classification may not exceed 40% of the Collateral Principal Amount, (x) the
Healthcare GICS Sector Classification may not exceed 35% the Collateral Principal Amount, (y) the Consumer Discretionary GICS Sector Classification
may not exceed 25% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (z) the Consumer Staples GICS Sector Classification may not exceed 25% of the
Collateral Principal Amount.

6. Not more than 12.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued
by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to the same GICS Industry Classification; provided that Portfolio Investments that
are issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to any of the Real Estate, Utilities or Energy GICS Industry Classifications may
not exceed 10% the Collateral Principal Amount (except to the extent set forth opposite such GICS Industry Classification on Schedule
6 hereto).

As used herein, GICS
Sector Classification and "GICS Industry Classifications" mean the sector or industry and classifications set forth in
Schedule 6 hereto, as applicable, which sector and industry classifications (x) shall be determined by the Portfolio Manager (with the
consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Purchase Date for the applicable Portfolio Investment
and (y) shall be updated, upon reasonable prior notice to the Portfolio Manager if GICS publishes revised sector or industry classifications.

7. The Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided
that any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall shall be cash collateralized as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g).

8. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with a Net Leverage
Ratio of over 7.00:1.00 (measured on a trailing four quarter basis).

9. Not more than 25% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with Portfolio
Investment Obligors that maintain an EBITDA (as determined in accordance with the terms of the Underlying Definitive Documents and measured
on a trailing four quarter basis) of less than $20,000,000.

For purposes hereof:

Net Leverage
Ratio means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment the meaning of Net
Leverage Ratio (for such applicable lien or level within the capital structure) or any comparable definition in the underlying
instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any case that Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable definition is
not defined in such underlying instruments, the ratio obtained by dividing (i) the indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor and
any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis
without duplication in accordance with GAAP), minus the unrestricted cash of such Portfolio Investment Obligor or such parent as of such
date (up to an amount agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) by (ii) EBITDA (as defined below).

SCHEDULE 5

Initial Portfolio Investments

Issuer Asset Type Lien Notional

(USD)

4 Over International, LLC Term Loan 1L 1,224,079.64 

Advanced Environmental Monitoring Intermediate, Inc. Second Amendment Term Loan 1LLO 696,725.27 

AIDC IntermediateCO 2, LLC Term Loan 1L 5,879,006.95 

Alcami Corporation Term Loan 1L 3,668,887.10 

Allcat Claims Service, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,707,791.06 

Allentown, LLC Term Loan 1L 1,901,226.44 

American Equipment Systems LLC 2nd Amendment Term Loan 1L 522,704.80 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated Term Loan A 1L 5,100,304.05 

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. 5th Amendment Delayed Draw Term Loan 1L 1,129,707.89 

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. Term Loan 1L 3,569,572.55 

Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. Term Loan 1L 3,244,687.86 

BCDI Meteor Acquisition, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,859,116.61 

BCI Burke Holding Corp. Term Loan 1L 2,709,049.06 

BR PJK Produce, LLC Term A-2 Loan 1L 2,222,928.66 

Broder Bros., Co. Senior Secured Note 1L 291,929.32 

Centerline Communications, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,469,600.00 

CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC Term Loan A 1L 1,090,830.91 

Curio Brands Intermediate, LLC Initial Term Loan 1L 4,218,496.18 

DISA Holdings Corp. Term A Loan 1L 1,386,057.97 

Domain Information Services, Inc. Term Loan 1L 1,921,107.59 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 2021 Term Loan 1L 2,350,420.17 

EIS Legacy, LLC 2023 Incremental Term Loan 1L 3,866,567.72 

EIS Legacy, LLC Term Loan 1L 1,133,653.82 

Engineered Fastener Company, LLC 2023 Incremental Term Loan 1L 2,957,929.70 

Fastener Distribution Holdings, LLC Term Loan A 1L 610,314.40 

FCA, LLC Term Loan 1L 6,675,658.64 

Foam Holdings, Inc. Term Loan 1L 2,969,693.42 

Fralock Buyer, LLC Term Loan 1L 3,885,381.11 

Genuine Cable Group, LLC 2nd Amendment Incremental Term Loan 1L 3,278,081.72 

Guardian Dentistry Practice Management, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,544,481.67 

Gulf Pacific Acquisition, LLC Term Loan A 1L 606,928.57 

Gusmer Enterprises, Inc. Term Loan A 1L 435,926.05 

Home Brands Group Holdings, Inc. Term Loan 1L 3,669,159.97 

I.D. Images Acquisition, LLC Initial Term Loan 1L 1,001,913.37 

IF&P Holding Company, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,540,163.07 

Improving Acquisition, LLC Term Loan 1L 8,104,540.84 

Krayden Holdings, Inc. Term Loan A 1L 1,189,335.94 

Light Wave Dental Management, LLC Term Loan 1L 8,991,735.85 

LSL Industries, LLC Initial Term Loan 1L 6,167,182.75 

MacNeill Pride Group Corp. Term A Loan 1L 2,027,419.41 

NTI Connect, LLC Term Loan 1L 3,646,194.67 

Pennsylvania Machine Works, LLC Term Loan A 1L 478,321.14 

PMFC Holding, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 1L 174,771.96 

Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc. 2022 Term Loan 1L 146,289.17 

Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc. Term Loan 1L 236,985.99 

SGA Dental Partners Opco, LLC Term A Loan 1L 1,307,317.87 

SGA Dental Partners Opco, LLC Third Amendment Term Loan 1L 672,553.50 

Silk Holdings III Corp. Term Loan 1L 6,982,500.00 

Speedstar Holding LLC Term Loan 1L 1,193,081.00 

Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. Term Loan 1L 61,822.43 

Universal Marine Medical Supply International, LLC Term Loan 1L 2,420,947.12 

Vehicle Accessories, Inc. Term Loan 1L 5,160,836.07 

Venuplus Inc. Term Loan 1L 1,107,907.14 

Worldwide Produce Acquisition, LLC Tranche A DDTL 1L 168,677.80 

Total 137,578,503.96

SCHEDULE 6

GICS Classifications

GICS Classification

Sector Classification Sector Limit Industry Code Industry Limit Industry Classification

Energy 10% 101010 10% Energy Equipment & Services

101020 10% Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 

Materials 20% 151010 12.5% Chemicals

151020 12.5% Construction Materials

151030 12.5% Containers & Packaging

151040 12.5% Metals & Mining

151050 12.5% Paper & Forest Products

Industrials 40% 201010 20.0% Aerospace & Defense

201020 12.5% Building Products

201030 12.5% Construction & Engineering

201040 12.5% Electrical Equipment

201050 12.5% Industrial Conglomerates

201060 20.0% Machinery 

201070 20.0% Trading Companies & Distributors 

202010 20.0% Commercial Services & Supplies 

202020 20.0% Professional Services

203010 12.5% Air Freight & Logistics 

203020 12.5% Airlines

203030 12.5% Marine

203040 12.5% Road & Rail

203050 12.5% Transportation Infrastructure

Consumer Discretionary 25% 251010 12.5% Auto Components 

251020 12.5% Automobiles

252010 12.5% Household Durables 

252020 12.5% Leisure Products 

252030 12.5% Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 

253010 12.5% Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 

253020 12.5% Diversified Consumer Services

255010 12.5% Distributors 

255020 12.5% Internet & Direct Marketing Retail 

255030 12.5% Multiline Retail 

255040 12.5% Specialty Retail 

Consumer Staples 25% 301010 12.5% Food & Staples Retailing 

302010 12.5% Beverages 

302020 20.0% Food Products 

302030 12.5% Tobacco 

303010 12.5% Household Products 

303020 12.5% Personal Products

Health Care 35% 351010 12.5% Health Care Equipment & Supplies

351020 20.0% Health Care Providers & Services

351030 12.5% Health Care Technology

352010 12.5% Biotechnology 

352020 12.5% Pharmaceuticals 

352030 12.5% Life Sciences Tools & Services

GICS Classification

Sector Classification Sector Limit Industry Code Industry Limit Industry Classification

Financials 20% 401010 12.5% Banks

401020 12.5% Thrifts & Mortgage Finance

402010 12.5% Diversified Financial Services

402020 12.5% Consumer Finance

402030 12.5% Capital Markets 

402040 12.5% Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

403010 12.5% Insurance

Information Technology 20% 451020 20.0% IT Services

451030 12.5% Software

452010 12.5% Communications Equipment 

452020 12.5% Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals

452030 12.5% Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 

453010 12.5% Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

Communication Services 20% 501020 12.5% Diversified Telecommunication Services

501020 12.5% Wireless Telecommunication Services

502010 12.5% Media 

502020 12.5% Entertainment

502030 12.5% Interactive Media & Services

Utilities 10% 551010 10.0% Electric Utilities 

551020 10.0% Gas Utilities 

551030 10.0% Multi-Utilities 

551040 10.0% Water Utilities 

551050 10.0% Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Real Estate 10% 601010 10.0% Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

601020 10.0% Real Estate Management & Development

EXHIBIT A

Form of Request for Advance

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Ryan Hanks

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield 

Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com;

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

cc: 

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Agent

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Administrator

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to
the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023 (as amended, the Agreement), among KAYNE ANDERSON
BDC FINANCING II, LLC, as borrower (the Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent
(the Administrative Agent), KA CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio Manager),
the lenders party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, you are hereby notified
of the following:

(1) The
Company hereby requests an Advance under Section 2.03 of the Agreement to be funded on [____________].

(2) The aggregate
amount of the Advance requested hereby is $[_________].2

2 The requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after
giving effect thereto and the related purchase of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s) (if any), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

(3) The
proposed purchases (if any) relating to this request are as follows:

Security Par Price Purchased Interest (if any) 

We hereby certify that all conditions
[to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement and] to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05
of the Agreement have been satisfied or waived as of the [related Trade Date (and shall be satisfied or waived as of the related Settlement
Date) and] Advance date[, as applicable].

Very truly yours,

KAYNE ANDERSON BDC FINANCING II, LLC

By 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>kbdc-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>kbdc-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>kbdc-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 814-01363

Entity Registrant Name Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001747172

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-0531326

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 717 Texas Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2200

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 493-2020

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol KBDC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://kaynebdc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230389-8k_kayne.htm 
kbdc-20250205.xsd 
kbdc-20250205_lab.xml 
kbdc-20250205_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-011427-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0230389-8k_kayne_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001747172 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001747172 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. 
DE 
814-01363 
83-0531326 
717 Texas Avenue 
Suite 2200 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
713 
493-2020 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
KBDC 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>