<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-067734.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-067734.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331070027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-067734
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mr. Cooper Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				911653725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14667
		FILM NUMBER:		25788794

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD.
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-549-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD.
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WMIH CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WMI HOLDINGS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120320

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061017
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d941832d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000093313600009331362025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

Mr. Cooper Group Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-14667 91-1653725

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

8950 Cypress Waters Blvd.

Coppell, TX75019

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (469)549-2000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share COOP The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 31, 2025, Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (the Company or Mr. Cooper) and Rocket Companies, Inc. (Rocket) announced entry into a definitive agreement for Rocket to acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company in an all-stock transaction (the Merger Agreement). 

On March 31, 2025, representatives of the Company and Rocket will present to investors an investor presentation (the Investor Presentation) in connection with the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Investor Presentation is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in this Item 7.01 shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On March 31, 2025, Mr. Cooper and Rocket issued a joint press release announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description of Exhibit

99.1* Investor Presentation, dated March 31, 2025 

99.2 Press Release, dated March 31, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Furnished herewith. 

* * * 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements regarding the proposed transaction between Rocket and Mr. Cooper; future financial and operating results; benefits and synergies of the transaction; future opportunities for the combined company; the conversion of equity interests contemplated by the Merger Agreement; the issuance of common stock of Rocket contemplated by the Merger Agreement; the expected filing by Rocket with the SEC of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement) and a prospectus and information statement of Rocket and a proxy of Mr. Cooper to be included therein (the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the ability of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions and any other statements about future expectations that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that may be identified by the use of words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would and, in each case, their negative or other 

2 

various or comparable terminology. Such forward looking statements are based upon current beliefs, expectations and discussions related to the proposed transaction and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in such statements. 

Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect Rockets and Mr. Coopers businesses and the price of their respective securities; (ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction, including stockholder approval by Mr. Coopers stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy the other conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction; (iii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to attract, motivate, retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with others whom Rocket or Mr. Cooper does business, or on Rockets or Mr. Coopers operating results and business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may divert managements attention from each of Rockets and Mr. Coopers ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or otherwise, including the risk of stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense or delay; (vi) that Rocket or Mr. Cooper may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, including in circumstances which would require payment of a termination fee; (viii) the risk that restrictions during the pendency of the proposed transaction may impact Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the anticipated tax treatment of the transaction may not be obtained, risks associated with third party contracts containing consent and/or other provisions that may be triggered by the proposed transaction; (x) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (xi) the impact of legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xii) risks relating to the value of Rocket securities to be issued in the proposed transaction; (xiii) the risk that integration of the Rocket and Mr. Cooper businesses post closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the anticipated synergies expected from the transaction, and the costs associated with such integration; and (xiv) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Rocket and Mr. Cooper. 

These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, will be more fully described in the Registration Statement that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here and the list of factors to be presented in the Registration Statement are considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in each companys filings with the SEC, including each companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as it may be updated from time to time by quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, all of which are available at the SECs website http://www.sec.gov. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date hereof is hereby disclaimed by each company. 

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Rocket will file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form S-4, containing the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus. After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Rocket and Mr. Cooper. Rocket and Mr. Cooper may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus or Registration Statement or any other document which Rocket or Mr. Cooper may file with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS OF ROCKET AND MR. COOPER ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE JOINT PROXY AND INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS THAT WILL BE PART OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, WHEN THEY ARE AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ROCKET, MR. COOPER, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and securityholders of Rocket and Mr. Cooper will be able 

3 

to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus, when they become available, as well as other filings with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference into such documents, containing information about Rocket and Mr. Cooper, without charge, at the SECs website (http://www.sec.gov). Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Rocket will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Rockets website at ir.rocketcompanies.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Mr. Cooper will be available free of charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Mr. Coopers website investors.mrcoopergroup.com. 

PARTICIPANTS IN SOLICITATION 

Rocket and Mr. Cooper and their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Mr. Coopers stockholders in respect of the transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information regarding Rockets directors and executive officers is available in Rockets Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Rockets proxy statement, dated April 26, 2024, for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Rocket 2024 Proxy), which can be obtained free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Named Executive Officer Compensation Tables; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Proposal No. 3 Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation in the Rocket 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of Rockets securities by Rockets directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Rocket 2024 Proxy have been reflected in Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing date of the Rocket 2024 Proxy and are available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Information regarding Mr. Coopers directors and executive officers is available in Mr. Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Mr. Coopers proxy statement, dated April 11, 2024, for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy), which can be obtained free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Historical Executive Compensation Information; Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Say on Pay and Beneficial Ownership in the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of Mr. Coopers securities by Mr. Coopers directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy have been reflected in Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing date of the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy and are available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be included in the Registration Statement containing the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. 

NO OFFER OR SOLICITATION 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

4 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 31, 2025 Mr. Cooper Group Inc.

By: 

/s/ Kurt Johnson

Name: Kurt Johnson

Title: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d941832dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Rocket Companies to acquire Mr. Cooper Accelerating the mission to help everyone home. March 31, 2025

Disclaimer Important Information for Investors and Stockholders In connection with the proposed transaction,
Rocket will file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form S-4, containing the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus. After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC,
the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Rocket and Mr. Cooper. Rocket and Mr. Cooper may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a
substitute for the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus or Registration Statement or any other document which Rocket or Mr. Cooper may file with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS OF ROCKET AND MR. COOPER ARE URGED TO READ THE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE JOINT PROXY AND INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS THAT WILL BE PART OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS,
CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, WHEN THEY ARE AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ROCKET, MR. COOPER, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and securityholders of Rocket and Mr. Cooper will be
able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus, when they become available, as well as other filings with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference into such documents, containing
information about Rocket and Mr. Cooper, without charge, at the SECs website (http://www.sec.gov). Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Rocket will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor
Relations section of Rockets website at ir.rocketcompanies.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Mr. Cooper will be available free of charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of
Mr. Coopers website investors.mrcoopergroup.com. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is for informational purposes only and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any
securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Participants in the Solicitation Rocket and Mr. Cooper and their
respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Mr. Coopers stockholders in respect of the transaction under the rules of the
SEC. Information regarding Rockets directors and executive officers is available in Rockets Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Rockets proxy statement,
dated April 26, 2024, for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Rocket 2024 Proxy), which can be obtained free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned
Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Named Executive Officer Compensation Tables; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Proposal No. 3 Advisory Vote on Named
Executive Officer Compensation in the Rocket 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of Rockets securities by Rockets directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Rocket 2024 Proxy have been reflected in
Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing date of the Rocket 2024 Proxy and are available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Information regarding Mr. Coopers directors and executive
officers is available in Mr. Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Mr. Coopers proxy statement, dated April 11, 2024, for its 2024 annual
meeting of stockholders (the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy), which can be obtained free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned Compensation Discussion and
Analysis; Historical Executive Compensation Information; Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Say on Pay and Beneficial Ownership in the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of
Mr. Coopers securities by Mr. Coopers directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy have been reflected in Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent
to the filing date of the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy and are available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be included in the Registration Statement containing the Joint
Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information This communication contains statements regarding the proposed
transaction between Rocket Companies, Inc. (Rocket) and Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (Mr. Cooper); future financial and operating results; benefits and synergies of the transaction; future opportunities for the combined
company; the conversion of equity interests contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) entered into by Rocket and Mr. Cooper on March 31, 2025; the issuance of common stock of Rocket contemplated by
the Merger Agreement; the expected filing by Rocket with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement) and a
prospectus and information statement of Rocket and a proxy of Mr. Cooper to be included therein (the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the ability of
the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions and any other statements about future expectations that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements in this communication, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that may be
identified by the use of words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict,
project, should, target, will, would and, in each case, their negative or other various or comparable terminology. Such forward looking statements are based upon current beliefs,
expectations and discussions related to the proposed transaction and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in such statements. Risks and uncertainties
include, among other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect Rockets and Mr. Coopers businesses and the price of their respective
securities; (ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction, including stockholder approval by Mr. Coopers stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy
the other conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction; (iii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to attract, motivate,
retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with others whom Rocket or Mr. Cooper does business, or on Rockets or Mr. Coopers operating results and business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may
divert managements attention from each of Rockets and Mr. Coopers ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or otherwise, including the risk of stockholder
litigation in connection with the proposed transaction, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense or delay; (vi) that Rocket or Mr. Cooper may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or
competitive factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, including in circumstances which would require payment of a termination fee; (viii) the
risk that restrictions during the pendency of the proposed transaction may impact Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the anticipated tax treatment of the
transaction may not be obtained, risks associated with third party contracts containing consent and/or other provisions that may be triggered by the proposed transaction; (x) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed
transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (xi) the impact of legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xii) risks relating to the value of Rocket securities to be
issued in the proposed transaction; (xiii) the risk that integration of the Rocket and Mr. Cooper businesses post closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the anticipated synergies expected
from the transaction, and the costs associated with such integration; and (xiv) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Rocket and Mr. Cooper.
These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, will be more fully described in the Registration Statement that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here
and the list of factors to be presented in the Registration Statement are considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Additional factors that may affect future
results are contained in each companys filings with the SEC, including each companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as it may be updated from time to time by quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, all of which are available at the SECs website http://www.sec.gov. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date
hereof, and any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date hereof is hereby disclaimed by each company. 2 

+ Strategic rationale Accelerating the mission to help everyone home. Powerful homeownership platform with
largest servicer and largest originator, driving client benefits at scale Accelerate originationservicing recapture flywheel by powering 1 of every 6 American mortgages Fuel AI innovation by combining 30 petabytes of data and industry-leading
technology Enhance earnings growth opportunity with more stability across all market environments Realize substantial synergies and earnings accretion, while maintaining strong funding and liquidity profile 3 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Transaction summary Structure 100% stock consideration Mr. Cooper
shareholders will receive a fixed number of shares of Rocket Class A common stock for each share of Mr. Cooper common stock Exchange ratio of 11.0x is equal to $143.33 in value per Mr. Cooper share Pro forma ownership of
75% Rocket shareholders / 25% Mr. Cooper shareholders1 Transaction value $9.4B equity value, equivalent to 35% premium over 30-day volume weighted average price Mr. Cooper shareholders
to receive $2 per share cash dividend prior to transaction close Financial profile Expected to be accretive in 2025, and mid-teens accretive on a percentage basis to 2026E earnings per share2 
Estimated annual pre-taxrun-rate synergies of $500M $5B of Mr. Coopers existing unsecured notes to be restructured or refinanced $400-500M of acquisition related expenses Timing and Anticipated to close in Q4 2025 approvals Mr. Cooper shareholder approval, as well as customary regulatory approvals Management Jay
Bray, Chairman and CEO of Mr. Cooper, to become President and CEO of Rocket Mortgage upon closing of transaction and board Upon closing, the Board of the combined company will consist of 11 members, 9 of whom will be from the board of
Rocket and 2 of whom will be from the board of Mr. Cooper Market data as of March 28, 2025. 1) Pro forma for the acquisition of Redfin 2) Assumes 50% phase-in of synergies 4 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Homeownership partner for life An end-to-end platform every step of the client journey. Year 1 Purchase first home Home search Year 3 Refinance into lower rate Home financing Year 5 Purchase bigger home Title and closing Year 10
Loan servicing Cash out equity for kitchen remodel 5 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Integrated homeownership platform 3K loan officers delivering a 76 NPS 62M monthly
visitors $2.1T servicing UPB #1 #1 #1 most visited real estate largest mortgage largest mortgage brokerage website originator in the U.S.1 servicer in the U.S.2 12K+ lead and partner 10M servicing real estate agents clients Industry-leading 83%
recapture rate 1) 2023 HMDA data based on closed loan units, excluding correspondent lending. 2) Based on unpaid principal balance. 6 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Mr. Cooper business snapshot Company profile Company operations $1,056M CEO Jay
Bray HQ Dallas, TX Servicing and origination Special servicing Other Great Place to Work $523M 7,900 certified 6 years team members in a row Real estate auction Document Originations marketplace processing platform $1,417M Servicing Origination
(UPB, Dec 31, 2024 ending) (2024) 47% 35% Owned MSRs 53% Direct to Consumer 65% Subservicing Correspondent Total $1.6T Total $23B Servicing 2024 revenue $2,996M Note: Mr. Cooper revenue is adjusted to include interest income. Mr. Cooper
other revenue includes Xome, Roosevelt Management, and interest income. 7 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Revenue diversification strengthens foundation with upside for growth 2024 pro forma
revenue composition Origination Servicing Other In $, Millions + 28% 17% 24% $8,097 36% Personal finance, 44% title & closing, other $5,101 $2,996 businesses and interest income 17% 59% 47% Recurring servicing 28% fee revenue Note:
Mr. Cooper revenue adjusted to include interest income. Note: Rocket other revenue includes revenue from Rocket Money, Rocket Close, Rocket Loans, Rocket Homes, interest income and other, Mr. Cooper servicing fee revenue includes
subservicing, special servicing, and master servicing; other revenue includes Xome, Roosevelt Management, interest income and other. Excludes Redfin revenue. 8 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Combined scale significantly enhances platform capabilities $2.1T 9.5M 462K 3x 30PB +
servicing origination industry 3 servicing UPB clients clients1 2 data lake recapture rate $593B 2.8M 377K 83% 14PB + + + + + $1,556B 6.7M 85K 50% 16PB Note: Data for full year 2024. balances are as of December 31, 2024. 1) Rocket 377K
origination clients includes Redfins 11K clients. 2) Industry recapture rate of 28% is average of 24% and 32% refinance retention rate, from June 2024 and December 2024 ICE Mortgage Monitor report, respectively. 3) 14PB data lake includes
Redfins 4PB of data. 9 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Leveraging leading technology and data to deliver client-first experiences 850M 3M
14PB 150M 7M 16PB annual client data1 annual client data interactions clients interactions clients Industry-leading proprietary loan origination platform Industry-leading servicing tech systems Rocket Logic Synopsis Centralized client database, meta
tagging Sagent Cloud-native servicing platform Intelligent document processing platform, Document management system, powered Rocket Logic Docs Pyro 53M documents automatically classified by Google Cloud, 3B pages processed AI-transcription, used by 3K loan officers, AI platform for servicing, used by Rocket Logic Assistant Agent IQ 1.2M call transcripts monthly 1,400 call agents, 400K calls monthly 1) Pro forma for Redfin acquisition
10 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Accelerating the origination-servicing recapture flywheel Rocket + Redfin 62M monthly
visitors High recapture drives repeat origination $0 client acquisition cost (CAC) through recapture 9.5M servicing clients Rocket + Mr. Cooper 11 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Durable earnings growth potential due to combined scale and recapture ability $1,262B
$ 21% of owned > 6.5% mortgage rate 174B portfolio UPB $ 6.0%6.5% mortgage rate 92B + $996B < 6.0% mortgage rate Pro forma Owned MSR UPB 1 Note: Pro forma owned MSR UPB as of 12/31/2024, excludes
sub-servicing UPB 12 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper $500M+ of highly achievable run-rate synergies
Synergy Category Description Rate & term recapture 15-point uplift to Mr. Coopers recapture rate applied to
in-the-money serviced loans Revenue $100M+ Title and closing Apply Rockets title and close attachment to now-eligible
Mr. Cooper DTC refinance originations 50% phase-in 2026 100% phase-in 2027 Escrow and warehouse Optimize earnings on escrow deposits and warehouse interest expense
across combined operation Origination Leverage Rockets excess capacity and best-in-class origination platform Expense $400M+ Servicing Take advantage of
Mr. Coopers excess capacity and best-in-class servicing platform 50% phase-in 2026 100%
phase-in 2027 Technology and G&A spend Consolidate overlapping technologies (e.g. loan origination and servicing systems) and vendors Corporate overhead Align support services across combined enterprise
and eliminate duplicative public company costs 13 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Rate and term recapture synergy cases $ Upside+ 330M $ Upside 150M $ Underwriting 65M 30-year fixed rate mortgage: 6.5% 30-year fixed rate mortgage: 6.0% 30-year fixed rate mortgage: 6.0% Mr. Cooper In-the-money UPB: $41B Mr. Cooper In-the-money UPB: $100B Mr. Cooper In-the-money UPB: $100B Recapture rate uplift from 50% to 65% Recapture rate uplift from 50% to 65% Recapture rate uplift from 50% to 83% Note: Does not include any
incremental cash-out, second lien home equity, or purchase transactions resulting from higher recapture rate. In-the-moneyness defined as Mr. Cooper clients with a 50-bps or greater benefit between assumed market rate and their current mortgage rate. 40% of in-the-money Mr. Cooper clients will
transact and take advantage of lowering monthly mortgage payment with a rate-term refinance transaction. Contribution margin (e.g. gain-on-sale and title revenue less
variable origination costs) of 250 bps applied to recaptured origination volume. 14 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Deep funding and liquidity profile Funding capacity Available liquidity $52B of
combined funding capacity $52B Over $11B in combined available liquidity $11B Warehouse facilities Available cash Financing facilities Undrawn line of credit Unsecured bonds $9B $32B $8B $4B $16B $7B $20B $4B $8B $5B $5B $8B $3B $21B $7B $27B $3B
$1B $4B Pro forma Pro forma1 Note: Balances as of Dec 31, 2024 and do not account for potential lender consolidation, which is expected over time as the organization optimizes its banking group and funding structure post-merger. Also excludes Rocket
Loans personal loan funding facilities. Figures may not sum due to rounding. 1) Includes merger adjustments 15 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Brands renowned for exceptional client service #1 Freddie Macs Top Honor
Servicer Honors and Rewards Program (SHARP) Mortgage brand 76 Fannie Maes Top Honor Servicer Total Achievement and Rewards (STAR) Most awarded Net promoter score mortgage brand 22 J.D. Power awards across mortgage SQM Customer Service Awards
origination and servicing 97% Agent support and call center certification awards #1 in customer satisfaction Net client retention 16 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper Culture of client-centric innovation and operational excellence We are the
they Cheerleaders for our team Obsessed with finding a better way Challengers of convention Every client, every time Champions for our customers 17 

+ Powerful homeownership platform with largest servicer and largest originator, driving client benefits at
scale Accelerate originationservicing recapture flywheel by powering 1 of every 6 American mortgages Strategic rationale Fuel AI innovation by combining 30 petabytes of data and industry-leading technology Accelerating the mission to Enhance
earnings growth opportunity with more stability across all market environments help everyone home. Realize substantial synergies and earnings accretion, while maintaining strong funding and liquidity profile 18 

Appendix 19 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper: Appendix Pro forma capitalization In $, Millions A B C D Rocket1 Mr. Cooper Pro
Forma2 12/31/2024 12/31/2024 Combined 1 Warehouse funding facilities 6,855 2,016 8,871 2 Other secured financing 93 1,247 1,340 3 Funding debt $6,948 $3,263 $10,211 4 MSR facilities3,650 3,650 5 Senior unsecured notes 4,611 4,891 9,502 6
Corporate debt $4,611 $8,541 $13,152 7 Total debt $11,559 $11,804 $23,363 8 Cash and cash equivalents $1,175 $845 $1,548 9 Net debt $10,384 $10,959 $21,815 10 Tangible common equity $6,556 $4,195 $10,278 11 Total managed assets $20,189 $17,145
$36,862 12 Net debt to tangible equity3 1.6x 2.6x 2.1x 13 Net corporate debt to tangible equity4 0.5x 1.8x 1.1x 14 Tangible equity to managed assets5 32% 24% 28% 1) Rocket Loans funding facilities are excluded, as they are accounted for under other
debt on the balance sheet. 2) Figures presented incorporate transaction adjustments. 3) Total Debt to Tangible Equity Ratio Calculated as total debt (sum of mortgage warehouse, EBO, servicing advance, MSR, and senior note debt) divided by
tangible equity (total equity minus goodwill and deferred tax assets (DTA)). 4) Net Corporate Debt to Tangible Equity Ratio Defined as net corporate debt (MSR and senior note debt minus cash and cash equivalents) divided by tangible equity
(total equity minus goodwill and DTA). 5) Tangible Equity to Managed Assets Ratio Determined by dividing tangible equity (total equity minus goodwill and DTA) by managed assets (total assets minus goodwill, DTA, and loans subject to
repurchase from GNMA). 20 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper: Appendix Pro forma P&L In $, Millions A B Pro Forma 12 months ended
December 31, 2024 Revenue 1 Gain on sale revenue $3,536 2 Servicing fee revenue 3,684 3 Servicing amortization (1,664) 4 Net servicing fee 2,020 5 Mark to market 280 6 Interest income 1,213 7 Other income 969 8 Total revenue $8,018 Expenses 9
Salaries, commissions and employee benefits $2,956 10 General & administrative expenses 2,341 11 Interest expense 851 12 Other expense 301 13 Total expenses $6,449 14 Income tax expense 264 15 Net income $1,305 Note: Interest income
primarily includes float interest earned on custodial cash deposits associated with the servicing portfolio and also interest earned on mortgage loans held for sale net of the interest expense paid on our loan funding facilities. 21 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper: Appendix Pro forma balance sheet In $, Millions A B Pro Forma As of December 31,
2024 Assets 1 Cash and cash equivalents $1,548 2 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), at fair value 19,372 3 Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value 11,384 4 Goodwill and other intangibles 8,726 5 Other assets 9,270 6 Total assets $50,300
Liabilities 7 MSR funding facilities $3,650 8 Warehouse funding facilities 8,871 9 Other secured funding facilities 1,340 10 Unsecured financing facilities 9,502 11 Other liabilities 7,182 12 Total liabilities $30,545 13 Equity 19,755 14 Total
liabilities and equity $50,300 22 

Rocket + Mr. Cooper: Appendix Pro forma servicing UPB In $, Billions Owned $2,149 Subserviced $1,556
$1,262 $736 $593 $526 $68 $820 $888 Pro forma Note: Pro-forma owned MSR UPB as of 12/31/2024 23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d941832dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

. 

Mr. Cooper, Americas Largest Servicer, Joins Rocket, the Nations Largest Lender 

Combined company to service more than $2.1 trillion in loan volume 

Integrating Rockets originations-servicing recapture flywheel with Mr. Coopers servicing
platform will drive down costs and improve the experience for the companies nearly 10 million combined clients, representing one in every six mortgages 

Transaction is expected to generate annual run-rate revenue and cost
synergies of approximately $500 million, contributing to organic revenue growth while increasing operating leverage and maintaining significant capital and liquidity. This announcement follows Rockets recent agreement to acquire digital
brokerage platform Redfin 

Companies to host conference call and webcast today at 8:00 a.m. ET 

DETROIT and DALLAS, March 31, 2025 Rocket Companies (NYSE: RKT), the Detroit-based fintech platform including
mortgage, real estate, title and personal finance businesses, today announced a definitive agreement to acquire Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (NASDAQ: COOP) in an all-stock transaction for $9.4 billion in
equity value, based on an 11.0x exchange ratio. 

With this acquisition, Rocket will bring its industry-leading mortgage recapture capabilities to a
combined servicing book of $2.1 trillion across nearly 10 million clients, representing one in every six mortgages in America. Ultimately, this combination drives higher loan volume and long-term client relationships while providing
greater recurring revenue and lowering client acquisition costs. 

Rocket will bring together the homeownership experience at scale with the acquisitions
of Mr. Cooper and Redfin. This allows Rocket to accelerate its AI-powered platform and remove the friction and complexities plaguing todays homebuying process. 

Servicing is a critical pillar of homeownership alongside home search and mortgage origination, said Varun Krishna, Rocket CEO. With
the right data and AI infrastructure we will deliver the right products at the right time. Thats how we build lifelong relationships, by proactively unlocking benefits and meeting needs before they arise. We look forward to welcoming
Mr. Coopers nearly 7 million clients. 

Mr. Cooper has been on a journey to transform the homeownership experience, and we
have built the most advanced servicing platform in the mortgage industry, said Jay Bray, Mr. Cooper Group Chairman and CEO. By combining Mr. Cooper and Rocket, we will form the strongest mortgage company in the industry,
offering an end-to-end homeownership experience backed by leading technology and grounded in customer care. I am deeply grateful for the dedication of the
Mr. Cooper team and look forward to our continued work as we lead our industry into the future of homeownership. 

Benefits of the Combined Company: 

Scaled homeownership platform: Rockets combined servicing portfolio will exceed $2.1 trillion in
unpaid principal balance or one in every six mortgages in America. 

Accelerate origination-servicing recapture flywheel: Rocket Mortgage has ranked #1 in J.D. Powers
mortgage servicer study for 10 years and #1 in mortgage origination 12 times, driving the companys 83% recapture rate triple the industry average. With a significantly larger servicing portfolio, Rocket is poised to sustain its
industry-leading retention and recapture rates. 

Significantly increases data set to improve automation, personalization and efficiency: Following the
acquisition of Mr. Cooper, Rocket will gain understanding of nearly 7 million additional clients and 150 million annual customer interactions. 

Enhanced earnings growth opportunity across all interest rate market environments: The combined company
will attain a balanced business model and maintain stability in all market environments. Rocket will drive earnings growth from high-margin recapture opportunities on the combined servicing portfolio, which together generated $4 billion of
servicing fee revenue in 2024. 

Substantial revenue and cost synergies: The transaction is expected to generate $100 million in
additional pre-tax revenue from higher recapture rates and attaching Rockets title, closing and appraisal services to Mr. Coopers existing originations. Rocket projects $400 million in pre-tax cost savings from streamlining operations, corporate expense and technology investments. 

Impact on earnings: The transaction is expected to be accretive to Rockets adjusted earnings per
share immediately after closing. 

Governance and Leadership 

The combined company will be led by an experienced board and leadership team that leverages the strengths and capabilities of both companies. Upon closing of
the transaction, it is expected that Mr. Cooper Groups Chairman and CEO Jay Bray will become President and CEO of Rocket Mortgage, reporting to Krishna. Dan Gilbert will remain Chairman of Rocket Companies. 

Upon closing, the Board of the combined company will consist of 11 members, 9 of whom will be from the board of Rocket and 2 of whom will be from the board of
Mr. Cooper. 

Terms of the Transaction 

Under the terms of the agreement, Mr. Cooper shareholders will receive a fixed exchange ratio of 11.0 Rocket shares for each share of Mr. Cooper
common stock. This represents a $143.33 per share value based on the closing price as of March 28, 2025, and a premium of 35% over the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Mr. Coopers common stock for the 30 days ending
March 28, 2025. Upon completion of the transaction, Rocket shareholders will own approximately 75% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis pro forma for the Redfin transaction, while Mr. Cooper shareholders will own approximately
25%. The all-stock transaction is intended to be tax-free to Mr. Cooper shareholders. 

In connection with the completion of the transaction, Mr. Cooper will declare and pay a dividend of $2.00 per share of Mr. Cooper common stock. 

Timing and Approvals 

The transaction has been
unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both Rocket and Mr. Cooper. It is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to approval of Mr. Cooper shareholders and the satisfaction of other closing conditions,
including customary regulatory approvals. 

Advisors 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as financial advisor and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting as legal counsel to Rocket.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. is acting as financial advisor and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLPis acting as legal counsel to Mr. Cooper. 

Transaction Conference Call 

Rocket and Mr. Cooper
will conduct a conference call today at 8:00 a.m. ET to discuss the transaction. A live webcast of the event will be available on the investor relations section of Rockets and Mr. Coopers websites at ir.rocketcompanies.com and
investors.mrcoopergroup.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the investor relations sections of the websites following the conclusion of the event. 

Additional Resources 

Associated presentation materials
regarding the transaction are available on the investor relations section of each companys website. 

# # # 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This press release contains statements regarding the proposed transaction between Rocket Companies, Inc. (Rocket) and Mr. Cooper Group Inc.
(Mr. Cooper); future financial and operating results; benefits and synergies of the transaction; future opportunities for the combined company; the conversion of equity interests contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
Merger Agreement) entered into by Rocket and Mr. Cooper on March 31, 2025; the issuance of common stock of Rocket contemplated by the Merger Agreement; the expected filing by Rocket with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement) and a prospectus and information statement of Rocket and a proxy of Mr. Cooper to be included therein
(the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the ability of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions and any
other statements about future expectations that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. All statements in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that may be identified by the use of words anticipate, believe, could,
estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would and, in
each case, their negative or other various or comparable terminology. Such forward looking statements are based upon current beliefs, expectations and discussions related to the proposed transaction and are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in such statements. 

Risks and uncertainties include, among
other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect Rockets and Mr. Coopers businesses and the price of their respective securities;
(ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction, including stockholder approval by Mr. Coopers stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy the other
conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction; (iii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to attract, motivate, retain and
hire key personnel and maintain relationships with others whom Rocket or Mr. Cooper does business, or on Rockets or Mr. Coopers operating results and business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may divert
managements attention from each of Rockets and Mr. Coopers ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or otherwise, including the risk of stockholder litigation
in connection with the proposed transaction, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense or delay; (vi) that Rocket or Mr. Cooper may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive
factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, including in circumstances which would require payment of a termination fee; (viii) the risk that
restrictions during the pendency of the proposed transaction may impact Rockets or Mr. Coopers ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the anticipated tax treatment of the transaction
may not be obtained, risks associated with third party contracts containing consent and/or other provisions that may be triggered by the proposed transaction; (x) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction
may not be fully realized or may take longer to 

realize than expected; (xi) the impact of legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xii) risks relating to the value of Rocket securities to be issued
in the proposed transaction; (xiii) the risk that integration of the Rocket and Mr. Cooper businesses post closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the anticipated synergies expected from the
transaction, and the costs associated with such integration; and (xiv) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Rocket and Mr. Cooper. 

These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, will be more fully described in the Registration Statement that will be filed with
the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here and the list of factors to be presented in the Registration Statement are considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete
statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in each companys filings with the SEC, including each companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as it may be updated from time to time by quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, all of which are
available at the SECs website http://www.sec.gov. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date
hereof is hereby disclaimed by each company. 

Important Information for Investors and Stockholders 

In connection with the proposed transaction, Rocket will file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form S-4,
containing the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus. After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Rocket and
Mr. Cooper. Rocket and Mr. Cooper may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus or Registration Statement or any
other document which Rocket or Mr. Cooper may file with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS OF ROCKET AND MR. COOPER ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE JOINT PROXY
AND INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS THAT WILL BE PART OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, WHEN THEY ARE AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT
INFORMATION ABOUT ROCKET, MR. COOPER, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and securityholders of Rocket and Mr. Cooper will be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy and Information
Statement/Prospectus, when they become available, as well as other filings with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference into such documents, containing information about Rocket and Mr. Cooper, without charge, at the SECs website
(http://www.sec.gov). Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Rocket will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Rockets website at ir.rocketcompanies.com. Copies of the documents
filed with the SEC by Mr. Cooper will be available free of charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Mr. Coopers website investors.mrcoopergroup.com. 

Participants in the Solicitation 

Rocket and Mr. Cooper and their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants
in the solicitation of proxies from Mr. Coopers stockholders in respect of the transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information regarding Rockets directors and executive officers is available in Rockets Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Rockets proxy statement, dated April 26, 2024, for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Rocket 2024 Proxy), which can be
obtained free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Named Executive Officer Compensation Tables; Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Proposal No. 3 Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation in the Rocket 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of Rockets securities by
Rockets directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Rocket 2024 Proxy have been reflected in Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing date of the Rocket 2024 Proxy and are
available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Information regarding Mr. Coopers directors and executive officers is available in Mr. Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2024, and Mr. Coopers proxy statement, dated April 11, 2024, for its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy), which can be obtained free of charge through the website
maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Please refer to the sections captioned Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Historical Executive Compensation Information; Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Say on Pay and
Beneficial Ownership in the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy. Any changes in the holdings of Mr. Coopers securities by Mr. Coopers directors or executive officers from the amounts described in the Mr. Cooper 2024
Proxy have been reflected in Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC subsequent to the filing date of the Mr. Cooper 2024 Proxy and are available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding
the interests of such participants will be included in the Registration Statement containing the Joint Proxy and Information Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. 

No Offer or Solicitation 

This press release is
for informational purposes only and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any
jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the
requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

About Rocket Companies 

Founded in 1985, Rocket Companies (NYSE: RKT) is a Detroit-based fintech platform including mortgage, real estate, title and personal finance businesses:
Rocket Mortgage, Rocket Homes, Rocket Close, Rocket Money and Rocket Loans. 

With more than 65 million call logs each year, 10 petabytes of data and
a mission to Help Everyone Home, Rocket Companies is well positioned to be the destination for AI-fueled home ownership. Known for providing exceptional client experiences, J.D. Power has ranked Rocket
Mortgage #1 in client satisfaction for primary mortgage origination and mortgage servicing a total of 22 times the most of any mortgage lender. 

For more information, please visit our Corporate Website or Investor Relations Website. 

About Mr. Cooper Group 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc.
(NASDAQ: COOP) provides customer-centric servicing, origination and transaction-based services related principally to single-family residences throughout the United States with operations under its primary brands: Mr. Cooper, Xome and Rushmore Servicing. Mr. Cooper is the largest home loan servicer
in the country focused on delivering a variety of servicing and lending products, services and technologies. For more information, visit www.mrcoopergroup.com. 

Contacts 

Rocket Companies 

Aaron Emerson 

Chief Communications Officer 

AaronEmerson@rocket.com 

Leigh Parrish 

Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher 

lparrish@joelefrank.com

Sharon Ng 

Head of Investor Relations 

SharonNg@rocket.com 

Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 

Colleen Edmundson 

SVP, Corporate Communications 

mediarelations@mrcooper.com 

Kenneth Posner 

SVP, Strategic Planning and Investor Relations 

Shareholders@mrcooper.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>coop-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>coop-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>coop-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g941832dsp017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g941832dsp018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g941832dsp019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g941832dsp020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g941832dsp021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g941832dsp022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g941832dsp023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g941832dsp024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g941832dsp025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g941832dsp026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g941832dsp027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g941832dsp028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g941832dsp029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g941832dsp030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g941832dsp031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g941832dsp032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g941832dsp033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g941832dsp034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g941832dsp035.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g941832dsp036.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g941832dsp037.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g941832dsp038.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g941832dsp039.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>g941832dsp_1a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>g941832dsp_1b.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000933136

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Mr. Cooper Group Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-14667

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1653725

Entity Address, Address Line One 8950 Cypress Waters Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Coppell

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75019

City Area Code (469)

Local Phone Number 549-2000

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol COOP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://mrcooper.com//20250331/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

coop-20250331.xsd 
coop-20250331_lab.xml 
coop-20250331_pre.xml 
d941832d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-067734-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>d941832d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000933136 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

false 
0000933136 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
DE 
001-14667 
91-1653725 
8950 Cypress Waters Blvd. 
Coppell 
TX 
75019 
(469) 
549-2000 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
COOP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>