<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-010344.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-010344.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326070019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-010344
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Innventure, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002001557
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				934440048
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42303
		FILM NUMBER:		25770088

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 TAVISTOCK LAKES BLVD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(321) 209-6787

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 TAVISTOCK LAKES BLVD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Learn SPAC HoldCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231117
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20045913_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0002001557NASDAQ00020015572025-03-252025-03-25

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 25, 2025

Innventure, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware

001-42303

93-4440048

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Orlando, Florida32827

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(321) 209-6787

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

INV

The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405 of
this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Debentures

On March 25, 2025 (the Agreement Date), Innventure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a securities purchase agreement (the
Purchase Agreement) with YA II PN, Ltd. (Yorkville), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of convertible debentures (the Convertible Debentures) issuable in an aggregate principal amount of up to $30,000,000 (the
Subscription Amount), which Convertible Debentures will be convertible into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (as converted, the Conversion Shares). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
Yorkville will purchase, and the Company will issue, $20,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Debentures on the first business day after certain closing conditions are satisfied (the First Closing Date), including the timely
filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the First Closing). Yorkville will purchase and the Company will issue an additional $10,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Debentures after both
(i) the registration statement is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) registering the resale of the Conversion Shares is declared effective by the SEC and (ii) the Company has received stockholder approval either through
affirmative votes in the Companys annual meeting or irrevocable proxies to do the same by a majority of the voting power of the Company (Stockholder Approval) of the issuance of Conversion Shares and shares issuable pursuant to the Companys
Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated October 24, 2023, with Yorkville in excess of the Exchange Cap (as defined below) (the Second Closing). If the First Closing does not occur by April 17, 2025, the parties may terminate their obligations
under the Purchase Agreement.

The Convertible Debentures will not bear interest unless an event of default occurs and remains uncured, upon which the Convertible Debentures will
bear interest at an annual rate of 18.0%. The Convertible Debentures will mature on the date that is 15 months from the First Closing Date (the Maturity Date) and, upon completion of the Second Closing, will result in gross proceeds to the
Company of approximately $27,000,000. The Convertible Debentures will be issued at an original issue discount of 10%. The Company will be required to make monthly cash payments of principal in amounts between $1,000,000 and $3,000,000 (as per the
schedule set forth in the Convertible Debentures) plus a payment premium of 5% and all accrued and unpaid interest as of the date of such installment. Such payments will commence 30 days following the First Closing and will continue on a monthly
basis thereafter until the Convertible Debentures are repaid in full.

The Convertible Debentures are convertible at the option of the holder into Common Stock equal to the applicable Conversion Amount (as defined below)
divided by the Conversion Price (as defined below). The conversion price for the Convertible Debentures will initially be $10.00, and will be adjusted on the six-month anniversary of the First Closing Date (the First Reset Date) and the
nine-month anniversary of the First Closing Date (the Second Reset Date and collectively with the First Reset Date, a Reset Date)) to equal the lower of the then applicable conversion price or the average volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately prior to the applicable Reset Date. Any portion of the Convertible Debentures may be converted at any time and from time to time, subject to the Exchange Cap (as defined below). The Conversion
Amount with respect to any requested conversion will equal the principal amount requested to be converted plus all accrued and unpaid interest on the Convertible Debentures as of such conversion, with fractional shares rounded up (the Conversion
Amount). In addition, no conversion will be permitted to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder together with the certain related parties would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such conversion, subject to certain adjustments.

The Company shall not issue any Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures held by Yorkville if the issuance of such Common Stock
underlying the Convertible Debentures would exceed the aggregate number of Common Stock that the Company may issue upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures in compliance with the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of Nasdaq
Stock Market (the Exchange Cap). The Exchange Cap will not apply under certain circumstances, including if the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market for issuances of
Common Stock in excess of such amount, including the Stockholder Approval, or if the Company obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company that such stockholder approval is not required.

The Convertible Debentures provide the Company, subject to certain conditions, with an optional redemption right pursuant to which the Company, upon
10 trading days prior written notice to Yorkville (the Redemption Notice), may redeem in cash, in whole or in part, all amounts outstanding under the Convertible Debentures prior to the Maturity Date. The redemption amount shall be equal to
the outstanding principal balance being redeemed by the Company, plus the redemption premium of 5% of the principal amount being redeemed if completed on or before the twelve-month anniversary of the issuance date, or 10% of the principal amount
being redeemed if completed after the twelve-month anniversary of the issuance date, plus all accrued and unpaid interest as of the date of such redemption.

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, prior to the Company loaning, investing, transferring or downstreaming any cash proceeds, or assets
or property acquired with cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Convertible Debentures to Innventure LLC (Innventure LLC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Innventure LLC shall be obligated to enter into a global guaranty
agreement (the Guaranty) in favor of Yorkville with respect to the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Convertible Debentures.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, the Guaranty, and the Convertible Debentures do not purport to be complete and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, on the First Closing Date, the Company will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) with Yorkville pursuant to which Yorkville will be entitled to certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be
required to, on the 15th calendar day following the date the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, file with the SEC (at its sole cost and expense) a registration statement (the Registration
Statement) registering the resale by Yorkville of all Conversion Shares. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, Yorkville will also be granted demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights under certain conditions as described
in the Registration Rights Agreement.

The Company will agree to use its best reasonable efforts to ensure that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the earlier of the date
that is 60 calendar days following the filing of filing such Registration Statement or the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further
review. The Company will also agree that, with respect to any additional registration statements filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, it will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that such registration statement is declared
effective by the earlier of the date that is 75 calendar days following the date on which the Company was required to file such registration statement and the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that such
registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of such document, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

WTI Warrants

The Company also agreed to issue two warrants to purchase up to an aggregate total of 300,000 shares of Common Stock (the WTI Warrants) to WTI Fund X, LLC and WTI Fund XI, LLC (the WTI Holders), respectively, as consideration for WTI Fund X,
Inc., WTI Fund XI, Inc., WTI Fund X, LLC and WTI Fund XI, LLC (collectively, the WTI Entities) entering into a consent with the Company and Innventure LLC, dated March 21, 2025, pursuant to which, among other things, the WTI Entities consented
to (i) the Company entering into the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) to the Companys issuance of its Series C Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and the payoffs of certain related party loans
(each as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2025). Each WTI Warrant will be exercisable into one share of Common Stock at a price of $0.01 per share (subject to certain limitations, adjustment
and certain other rights to possible future financings in accordance with terms of the WTI Warrants) through March 31, 2035. The WTI Warrants include customary registration rights and change-of-control adjustments. The WTI Holders will also have
the option to purchase up to $1.5 million (in the aggregate) or such amount as is necessary for each of the WTI Holders to maintain its pro rata ownership in certain future financings conducted by the Company, subject to customary exclusions.

The foregoing description of the WTI Warrants are qualified in their entirety by the terms and conditions of each of the WTI Warrants, the forms of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. The issuance of the WTI Warrants, the Convertible Debentures and the
Conversion Shares will be exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Yorkville represented to the Company that it is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act and that each of the
Convertible Debentures and the Conversion Shares will be acquired for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof. The Company has also agreed to register the sale of the shares of Common
Stock underlying the WTI Warrants under the Securities Act.

Item 9.01 

Exhibits and Financial Statements

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description of Exhibit

4.1^ 

Form of Convertible Debenture.

4.2^

Form of Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., to be issued to WTI Fund X, LLC.

4.3^

Form of Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., to be issued to WTI Fund XI, LLC.

10.1^ 

Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between Innventure, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd., dated March 25, 2025.

10.2 

Form of Global Guaranty Agreement, by Innventure, LLC.

10.3 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

^ 

Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Innventure, Inc. agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC
upon request.

Disclaimers and Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the Companys
management and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of this Form 8-K. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been
anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the parties) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors discussed and identified in other public filings made with the SEC by the Company, including the Companys most
recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is available on the Companys Investor Relations website at www.ir.innventure.com and on the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements reflect the
Companys beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Capitalized terms shall have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Current Report on Form 8-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INNVENTURE, INC.

Date: March 26, 2025 

By: /s/ David Yablunosky

Name: David Yablunosky

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20045913_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),

AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

INNVENTURE, INC.

Convertible Debenture

Original Principal Amount:$[20,000,000][10,000,000]

Issuance Date: [_________]

Number: INV-[1][2]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,INNVENTURE, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), hereby promises to
pay to the order of YA II PN, LTD., or its registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (or such lesser amount as reduced pursuant to the
terms hereof pursuant to repayment, redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) and the Payment Premium or the Redemption Premium, as applicable, in each case when due, and to
pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date it commences to accrue pursuant to the terms hereof, until the
same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). The Issuance Date (set forth above) is the date of the first issuance of this
Convertible Debenture (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, this Debenture) regardless of the number of
transfers and regardless of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Debenture. This Debenture was originally issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of [____________], 2025, between the Company and
the Buyers listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached thereto (as it may be amended from time to time, the Securities Purchase Agreement). Certain capitalized terms used herein are
defined in Section (14).

(1)GENERAL TERMS

(a) Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall
pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, together with the Payment Premium in respect of such Principal amount, and all interest and other amounts owing pursuant to the terms of this Debenture. The Maturity Date shall be [________], 202[__]1, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. Other than as specifically permitted by this Debenture, the Company
may not prepay or redeem any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest.

(b)Interest Rate and Payment of Interest. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 0% (Interest Rate), which
Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (for so long as such event remains uncured). Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the
extent permitted by applicable law.

(c)Monthly Installment Payments. On or before each date (each, an Installment Date) set forth on the repayment schedule attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Repayment Schedule), the Company shall repay a portion of the outstanding balance of this Debenture in an amount
equal (i) the installment principal amount set forth on the Repayment Schedule as of such Installment Date (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount (the Installment Principal Amount)),

plus (ii) the Payment Premium in respect of such Installment Principal Amount, and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each Installment Date (collectively, the Installment Amount).

With respect to the payment of any Installment Amount by the Company hereunder, the Company shall, at its own option, repay each Installment Amount either (i) in cash on or before the Installment Date, or (ii) by submitting an Advance Notice (an
Advance Repayment), or a series of Advance Notices, each with an Advance Date on or before the applicable Installment Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii) as determined by the
Company. In respect of any Installment Amount, or portion thereof, to be repaid by the Company in cash, the Company shall pay such Installment Amount to the Holder by wire transfer of immediately available funds in cash on or before such
Installment Date. If the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected, as set forth below) an Advance Repayment in accordance with this Section for all or a portion of an Installment Amount, then the Company shall deliver an Advance Notice to the
Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SEPA, that will have an Advance Date on or before the applicable Installment Date. Upon the closing of such Advance Notice in accordance with the SEPA, the Holder shall offset the amount
due to be paid by the Holder to the Company under the SEPA against an equal amount of the Installment Amount to be paid by the Advance Repayment. If, on the Installment Date any portion of the Installment Amount remains unpaid, the Company shall
repay such outstanding Payment Amount as a cash repayment in accordance with this Section.

For so long as this Debenture is outstanding, subject to the provisions of Section 4(j)(iii) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, or unless otherwise agreed by the
Holder, if the Company delivers an Advance Notice under the SEPA, the Company shall be deemed to have elected an Advance Repayment in respect of such Advance Notice up to the Installment Amount due on such upcoming Installment Date, or subsequent
Installment Dates, until this Debenture is fully repaid. Any conversion of this Debenture made by the Holder shall have the effect of reducing the amount due on any Installment Date (i) first, with respect to the amount due on the next Installment
Date, and (ii) second, in reverse chronological order, starting with the last Installment Date in time, by the amount of such conversion.

1 Insert date 15 months from the First Closing Date (as defined in the SEPA).

2

(d)Optional Redemption. The Company at its option shall have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem (Optional Redemption) early all amounts
outstanding under this Debenture as described in this Section; provided, that the Company provides the Holder with written notice (each, a Redemption Notice) of its desire to exercise an Optional Redemption, which Redemption Notice (i) shall be delivered to the Holder after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day, and (ii) may only
be given if the VWAP of the Common Shares was less than the Conversion Price on the date such Redemption Notice is delivered, unless otherwise agreed by the Holder. Each Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the outstanding
balance of the Debenture to be redeemed and the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to (a) the outstanding Principal balance plus (b) the Redemption Premium in respect of such Principal balance plus (c) all accrued and unpaid interest hereunder
as of the date of such redemption. After receipt of a Redemption Notice, the Holder shall have ten (10) Trading Days (beginning with the Trading Day immediately following the date such Redemption Notice is delivered to the Holder in accordance
with this term of this Section 1(d)) to elect to convert all or any portion of this Debenture. On the eleventh (11th) Trading Day following the delivery of the applicable Redemption Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder the
Redemption Amount with respect to the Principal amount redeemed to the extent not converted and otherwise after giving effect to conversions or other payments made during such ten (10) Trading Day period.

(e)Other than as specifically set forth
in this Debenture, the Company shall not have the ability to make any early repayments without the consent of or at the request of the Holder.

(f)Payment Dates. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(2)EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

(a)An Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree
or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) shall have occurred:

(i)The Companys failure to pay to the
Holder any amount of Principal, Redemption Amount, Payment Premium, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Debenture or any other Transaction Document within seven (7) Trading Days after such payment is due;

3

(ii)(A) The Company shall commence,
or there shall be commenced against the Company, any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company, in any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding
which remains undismissed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (B) the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; (C) any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (D) the Company suffers any
appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or all or substantially all of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (E) the Company makes a general
assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors; (F) the Company shall fail to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (G) any corporate or other action is taken by the Company for the
purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

(iii)The Company shall default in any
of its obligations under any note, debenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any
indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company in an amount exceeding $500,000 (other than obligations under this Debenture or any other Transaction Document), whether such
indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created and such default is not cured within the time prescribed by the documents governing such indebtedness, and as a result, such indebtedness becomes or is declared due and payable; provided,
however, in no event shall this provision apply to any note, debenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured
or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement by and between the Company and any Subsidiary of the Company with an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding
$1,000,000;

(iv)A final judgment or judgments for
the payment of money singularly or in the aggregate in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and which judgment(s) are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or
are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set
forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance
or an indemnity and the Company will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

(v)The Common Shares shall cease to
be quoted or listed for trading, as applicable, on any Principal Market for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days;

(vi)The Company shall be a party to
any Change of Control Transaction unless in connection with such Change of Control Transaction this Debenture is redeemed or retired;

4

(vii)The Companys (A) failure to
deliver the required number of Common Shares to the Holder within three (3) Trading Days after the applicable Share Delivery Date, which failure is not a result of any action or inaction of the Holder, or (B) notice, written or oral, to any
holder of the Debenture, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of all or a portion of this Debenture into Common Shares that is tendered in accordance with the
provisions of this Debenture;

(viii)The Company shall fail for any
reason to deliver the payment in cash pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined below) within five (5) Business Days after such payment is due;

(ix)The Companys failure to timely
file with the Commission any Periodic Report in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Commission for the filing thereof on or before the due date of such filing as established by the Commission, it being understood, for the avoidance of
doubt, that due date includes any permitted filing deadline extension under Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act;

(x)Any representation or warranty made
or deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Company in or in connection with any Transaction Document, or any waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation
or warranty already qualified by a materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed made;

(xi)The Company uses the proceeds of the
issuance of this Debenture, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof), or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to
refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose; or

(xii)Any Event of Default (as defined in
the Other Debentures or in any Transaction Document other than this Debenture) occurs with respect to any Other Debentures.

(b)During the time that any portion of
this Debenture is outstanding, if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than an event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii)), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Debenture, together with the
Payment Premium(s) in respect of the Principal Amount that was due and payable on the date of the Event of Default, and all interest and other amounts owing in respect of this Debenture to the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders
election given by notice pursuant to Section (6), immediately due and payable in cash; provided that, in the case of any event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Debenture,
together with the Payment Premium(s) in respect of the Principal Amount that was due and payable on the date of the Event of Default, and all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect of this Debenture to the date of
acceleration, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the
Company. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies, the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert, on one or more occasions all or part of the Debenture in accordance with Section (3) (and subject to the
limitations set out in Section (3)(c)(i) and Section (3)(c)(ii)) at any time after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing until all amounts outstanding under this Debenture have been repaid in full. The Holder need not provide, and
the Company hereby waives, any presentment demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than any required notice of conversion), and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other
remedies available to it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holder in writing at any time prior to payment hereunder. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or
impair any right consequent thereon.

5

(3)CONVERSION OF DEBENTURE. This Debenture shall be convertible into Common Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section (3).

(a)Conversion Right. Subject to the limitations of Section (3)(c), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into
fully paid and nonassessable Common Shares in accordance with Section (3)(b), at the Conversion Price. The number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section (3)(a) shall be determined by dividing
(x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a Common Shares upon any conversion. All calculations under this Section (4) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001. If the issuance would
result in the issuance of a fraction of a Common Share, the Company shall round such fraction of a Common Share up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect
to the issuance and delivery of Common Shares upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

(b)Mechanics of Conversion.

(i)Optional Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Common Shares on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall (A) transmit by email (or
otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II (the Conversion Notice) to the Company and (B) if required by Section (3)(b)(iii), surrender this Debenture to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or
an indemnification undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to this Debenture in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice
(the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall (X) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates or the book-entry position of the Common Shares and provided that the
Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) is participating in the Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program, instruct such Transfer Agent to credit such aggregate number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent
Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate or book-entry position, registered in
the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled. If this Debenture is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Debenture is greater than the
Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Debenture and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a
new Debenture representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Common Shares issuable upon a conversion of this Debenture shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such
Common Shares upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

6

(ii)Companys Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Date to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder or credit the
Holders balance account with DTC for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion Failure), and
if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Shares issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated
receiving from the Company (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the
Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out of pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased (the Buy-In Price),

at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Shares) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Shares
to which the Holder is entitled with respect to such Conversion Notice and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares, multiplied by (B) the Closing Price on the Conversion Date.

(iii)Book-Entry. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Debenture to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Debenture is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice)
requesting reissuance of this Debenture upon physical surrender of this Debenture. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method,
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Debenture upon any conversion.

(c)Limitations on Conversions.

(i)Beneficial Ownership. The Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Debenture to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would
beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Since the
Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of Common Shares it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of Common Shares in excess of 4.99% of the then
outstanding Common Shares without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section
will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the Principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall
be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a Principal amount of this Debenture that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own, would
result in the issuance in excess of the permitted amount hereunder or under the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum Principal amount
permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section (3)(a) and, any Principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Debenture. The provisions of
this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.

7

(ii)RESERVED.

(d)Other Provisions.

(i)All calculations under this
Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001 or whole share.

(ii)So long as this Debenture or any
Other Debentures remain outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized share capital, and shall have instructed the Transfer Agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this
Debenture and the Other Debentures (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) this Debenture and such Other Debentures are convertible at the Conversion Price as of the date of determination, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account
any limitations on the conversion of the Debenture or Other Debentures set forth herein or therein (the Required Reserve Amount)), provided that at no time shall the number of Common
Shares reserved pursuant to this Section (3)(d)(ii) be reduced other than pursuant to the conversion of this Debenture and the Other Debentures in accordance with their terms, and/or cancellation, or reverse stock split. If at any time while this
Debenture or any Other Debentures remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved Common Shares to satisfy its obligations for the conversion of this Debenture, the Company will promptly take all
corporate action necessary to propose to a meeting of its stockholders an increase of its authorized share capital necessary to meet the Companys obligations pursuant to this Debenture, and cause its board of directors to recommend to the
stockholders that they approve such proposal.

(iii)Nothing herein shall limit a
Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section (2) herein for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing Common Shares upon conversion within the period specified herein and such
Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other
security. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

8

(iv)Legal Opinions. The Company is obligated to cause its legal counsel to deliver legal opinions to the Companys transfer agent in connection with any legend removal upon the expiration of any holding period or other
requirement for which the Underlying Shares may bear legends restricting the transfer thereof; provided that the Holder shall provide to the Company and its counsel certificates and letters of representation, if any, that are reasonably
required and customary under the circumstances to effect such legend removal. To the extent a legal opinion is not provided (either timely or at all), then the Company agrees to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs incurred by the
Holder in connection with any legal opinions paid for by the Holder in connection with the removal of such legends in connection with a sale or transfer of the Underlying Shares. The Holder shall notify the Company of any such costs and
expenses it incurs that are referred to in this section from time to time and all amounts owed hereunder shall be paid by the Company with reasonable promptness.

(e)Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Shares. If the Company, at any time
while this Debenture is outstanding, shall (i) pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares, (ii) subdivide outstanding
Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combine (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issue by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
Common Shares outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective, in the case of a dividend distribution, immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution or, in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification, and shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(f)[RESERVED]

(g)Other Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of Common
Shares are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Shares (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure
that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Debenture, at the Holders option, (i) in addition to the Common Shares receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would
have been entitled with respect to such Common Shares had such Common Shares been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this
Debenture) or (ii) in lieu of the Common Shares otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of Common Shares in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the
Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Debenture initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to Common Shares) at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the
Conversion Price. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall
be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Debenture.

9

(h)Whenever the Conversion Price is
adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly provide the Holder with a written notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(i)In case of any (1) merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, or (2) sale by the Company of substantially all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, a Holder shall have the right to convert the aggregate amount of
this Debenture then outstanding into the shares of stock and other securities, cash and property receivable upon or deemed to be held by holders of Common Shares following such merger, consolidation or sale, and such Holder shall be entitled
upon such event or series of related events to receive such amount of securities, cash and property as the Common Shares into which such aggregate Principal amount of this Debenture could have been converted immediately prior to such merger,
consolidation or sales would have been entitled. The terms of any such merger, sale or consolidation shall include such terms so as to continue to give the Holder the right to receive the securities, cash and property set forth in this Section
upon any conversion or redemption following such event. This provision shall similarly apply to successive such events.

(4)REISSUANCE OF THIS DEBENTURE.

(a)Transfer. If this Debenture is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Debenture to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Debenture (in
accordance with Section (4)(d)), registered in the name of the registered transferee or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder (along with any accrued and unpaid Interest thereof) and, if less than the
entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Debenture (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Debenture,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section (3)(b)(iii) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Debenture, the outstanding Principal represented by this Debenture may be less than the Principal stated on
the face of this Debenture.

(b)Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Debenture. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Debenture, and, in the case of loss, theft or
destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and substance and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Debenture, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Debenture (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c)Debenture Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Debenture or Debentures (in accordance with
Section (4)(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Debenture, and each such new Debenture will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

10

(d)Issuance of New Debentures. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Debenture pursuant to the terms of this Debenture, such new Debenture (i) shall be of like tenor with this Debenture, (ii) shall represent, as
indicated on the face of such new Debenture, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Debenture being issued pursuant to Section (4)(a) or Section (4)(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the
Principal represented by the other new Debentures issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Debenture immediately prior to such issuance of new Debentures), (iii) shall have an
issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Debenture, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Debenture, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Debenture, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest from
the Issuance Date.

(5)NOTICES. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing by letter or electronic mail (e-mail) and will be deemed to have been
delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally, (ii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, as applicable or (iii) receipt, when sent by e-mail, and, in each case of the
foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to: 

INNVENTURE, INC.

6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Orlando, FL 32827

Telephone: (610) 996-1767

Attention: Suzanne Niemeyer, General Counsel

E-Mail: legalnotices@innventure.com

with a copy (which shall not

constitute notice) to:

Jones Day

1221 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 400

Atlanta, GA 30361

Telephone: (404) 581-8967

Attention: Joel T. May, Esq.

E-Mail: jtmay@jonesday.com

If to the Holder: 

YA II PN, Ltd

c/o Yorkville Advisors Global, LLC

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attention: Mark Angelo

Telephone: 201-985-8300

Email: Legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

11

or at such other address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other
party in accordance with this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (a) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (b) electronically
generated by the senders email service provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (c) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt from a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service or receipt by e-mail in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(6)Except as expressly provided herein,
no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligations of the Company, which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the Principal of, Interest and other charges (if any) on, this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the
currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct obligation of the Company. As long as this Debenture is outstanding, the Company shall not and shall cause each of its subsidiaries not to, without the
consent of the Holder, enter into any agreement, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the this
Debenture, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to make cash payments hereunder.

(7)This Debenture shall not entitle the
Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholders or any other
proceedings of the Company, unless and to the extent converted into Common Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

(8)CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF
JURY TRIAL

(a)Governing Law. This Debenture and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of
the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction) (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of
construction, validity and performance.

(b)Jurisdiction; Venue; Service.

(i)The Company hereby irrevocably
consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing
Jurisdiction.

(ii)The Company agrees that venue
shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction or, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, in any United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company waives any right to object to the maintenance of any suit,
claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or
inconvenience of forum.

12

(iii)Any suit, claim, action,
litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Debenture or any matter relating to this
Debenture, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action,
litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding the
counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum
outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred
to a court located in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or
equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Debenture or any matter relating to this Debenture, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other
than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and
unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

(iv)The Company and the Holder
irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding by e-mail or the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at
the e-mail address or physical address, as applicable, provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of such e-mail or mailing, as applicable.

(v)Nothing herein shall affect the
right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

(c)THE PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS DEBENTURE OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THIS DEBENTURE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER
OF A LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING
JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

13

(9)If the Company fails to strictly
comply with the terms of this Debenture, then the Company shall reimburse the Holder promptly for all fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in any action in connection with
this Debenture, including, without limitation, those incurred: (i) during any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to the Holders rights, remedies and obligations, (ii) collecting any sums
which become due to the Holder, (iii) defending or prosecuting any proceeding or any counterclaim to any proceeding or appeal; or (iv) the protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights or remedies of the Holder.

(10)Any waiver by the Holder of a breach
of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to
any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture. Any waiver must be in writing.

(11)If any provision of this Debenture is
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it
shall be found that any Interest or other amount deemed Interest due hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of Interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of
Interest.

(12)CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Debenture, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Advance Date shall have the meaning set forth in the SEPA.

(b)Advance Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the SEPA.

(c)Advance Repayment shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

(a)Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or share incentive plan which has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any
employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company.

(b)Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets (or if not available, a similar service provider of national recognized standing).

(c)Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required
by law or other government action to close.

14

(d)Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(e)Buy-In Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(f)Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of
effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company (except that the acquisition of voting securities
by the Holder or any other current holder of convertible securities of the Company shall not constitute a Change of Control Transaction for purposes hereof), (b) the closing of any privatization (i.e., a take-private transaction), (c) the
closing of a transaction that constitutes a management buyout of the existing stockholders or the closing of a transaction that constitutes a stockholder buyout in which one or more stockholders that previously had a controlling interest in
Company acquire the interests of all of the non-controlling stockholders, (d) the closing of any sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related
transactions, or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (a) or (b). No transfer to a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be deemed a
Change of Control Transaction under this provision.

(g)Closing Price means the price per share in the last reported trade of the Common Shares on a Principal Market or on the exchange which the Common Shares is then listed as quoted by Bloomberg.

(h)Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(i)Common Shares means the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may hereafter be changed or reclassified.

(j)Conversion Amount means the portion of the Principal, Interest, or other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made.

(k)Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

(l)Conversion Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(m)Conversion Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

15

(n)Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $10.00 per Common Share, provided that, on each of
[____]2 (the First Reset Date) and [____]3 (the Second Reset Date and collectively, a Reset Date) the Conversion Price shall be adjusted (downwards only) to equal the lower of the Conversion Price then in effect or the average VWAP for the ten (10) Trading Days immediately
prior to the applicable Reset Date. The Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the other terms and conditions of this Note.

(o)Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(p)Fundamental Transactionmeans any of the following: (1) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another
Person and the Company is the non-surviving company (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of redomiciling the Company), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all
of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange all of their
shares for other securities, cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property.

(q)Installment Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

(r)Installment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

(s)Installment Principal Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

(t)Material Adverse Effect has the meaning given such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(u)Optional Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in (1)(d).

(v)Other Debentures means any other debentures issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and any other debentures, notes, or other instruments issued in exchange, replacement, or modification of the
foregoing.

(w)Payment Premium means 5% of the Principal Amount being paid.

(x)Periodic Report shall mean each of the Companys reports required to be filed by the Company with the Commission under applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K), including annual
reports (on Form 10-K) and quarterly reports (on Form 10-Q), for so long as any amounts are outstanding under this Debenture.

2 Insert the date that is the 6-month anniversary of the First Closing Date.

3 Insert the date that is the 9-month anniversary of the First Closing Date.

16

(y)Person means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

(z)Principal Market means the Nasdaq Stock Market; provided however, that in the event the Companys Common Shares are ever listed or traded on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, or any such
successor thereto, the Principal Market shall mean that market on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded.

(aa)Redemption Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(d).

(bb)Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(d).

(cc)Redemption Premium mean, in respect of an Optional Redemption completed on or before the twelve-month anniversary of the Issuance Date, 5% of the Principal Amount being paid, and in respect of an Optional Redemption
completed after the twelve-month anniversary of the Issuance Dat, 10% of the Principal Amount being paid.

(dd)Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning given such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(ee)Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, covering among other things the resale of the Underlying Shares and naming the Holder
as a selling stockholder thereunder.

(ff)Repayment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

(gg)Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(hh)SEPA means the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement entered into between the Company and the Holder on October 24, 2023.

(ii)Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

(jj)Subsidiary shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls
or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

17

(kk)Trading Day means a day on which the Common Shares are quoted or traded on a Principal Market on which the Common Shares are then quoted or listed; provided, that in the event that the Common Shares are not listed
or quoted, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

(ll)Transaction Document has the meaning given such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(mm)Underlying Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof.

(nn)VWAP means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Principal Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Convertible Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date set forth above.

COMPANY:

INNVENTURE INC.

By:

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT I

A. 

REPAYMENT SCHEDULE FOR THE FIRST CLOSING

B. 

REPAYMENT SCHEDULE FOR THE SECOND CLOSING

EXHIBIT II

CONVERSION NOTICE

(To be executed by the Holder in order to Convert the Debenture)

TO: INNVENTURE, INC

Via Email:

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount of Debenture No. INV-[1][2] into Common Shares of INNVENTURE, INC., according to the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion
Date written below.

Conversion Date:

Principal Amount to be Converted:

Accrued Interest to be Converted:

Total Conversion Amount to be converted:

Conversion Price:

Number of Common Shares to be issued:

Please issue the Common Shares in the following name and deliver them to the following account:

Issue to:

Broker DTC Participant Code:

Account Number:

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex20045913_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

Date of Issuance: [_], 2025

WARRANT TO ACQUIRE

SECURITIES OF

INNVENTURE, INC.

(Void after March 31, 2035)

This certifies that WTI Fund X, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or assigns (Holder), for value received, is
entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, to acquire from INNVENTURE, INC., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. (Company), the Applicable
Number (hereinafter defined) of fully paid and nonassessable shares of, at Holders option, either (i) the common stock of Company (Common Stock) or (ii) any Subsequent Round Stock (hereinafter defined) of Company (the Common Stock and the
Subsequent Round Stock, as applicable, are sometimes referred to herein as the Warrant Stock), for cash, at a purchase price equal to $0.01 per share (the Stock Purchase Price). Holder may also exercise this Warrant on a cashless
or net issuance basis as described in Section 1(b) below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Warrant shall have the meaning(s) ascribed to them in the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024, by and
between Company, WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (the Loan Agreement).

Applicable Number means the number of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder obtained by dividing (A) $2,250,000
(the Coverage Amount), by (B) the Exercise Price (hereinafter defined). If in any case the Applicable Number includes a fraction then the fraction shall be rounded down to the closest integral number.

Exercise Price means: (i) if Holder chooses for this Warrant to be exercisable for Common Stock, the VWAP
(hereinafter defined) of the Companys Common Stock over the thirty (30) Trading Days (hereinafter defined) ending on the Trading Day immediately preceeding the date of this Warrant (the Initial Exercise Price); provided, however, that
if, as of the date which is eighteen (18) months after the date of this Warrant, the VWAP of Companys Common Stock over the five (5) Trading Days ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such eighteen (18) month anniversary is less than the
Initial Exercise Price then the Exercise Price shall be reduced to such lower VWAP; or (ii) if Holder chooses for this Warrant to be exercisable for Subsequent Round Stock, the corresponding Subsequent Round Price (hereinafter defined). VWAP
means, for Companys Common Stock for a specified period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such Common Stock on the Principal Market (hereinafter defined), for such period, as reported by Bloomberg through its AQR function, subject to
appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period. Trading Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading (regular way),
including any day on which it is open for trading (regular way) for a period of time less than the customary time. Principal Market means the principal national securities exchange on which Companys Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Subsequent Round Price means the lowest price per share paid by any Person for Companys equity securities (as
applicable, the Subsequent Round Stock) issued in a corresponding Subsequent Round (hereinafter defined), including for this purpose the value of all consideration given by any Person for such equity securities and specifically including
any discounts afforded to any Person upon conversion of any convertible security (e.g., a promissory note or a simple agreement for future equity (i.e., a SAFE)) held by any such Person in connection with the corresponding Subsequent Round or
otherwise. Subsequent Round means each and every round of equity financing after the date hereof where either (x) Company receives gross cash proceeds of at least $10,000,000 in a single transaction or series of related transactions, (y)
there are punitive terms (e.g., a round of financing that effectuates a recapitalization of Company) or (z) the securities Company sells or issues have a liquidation preference, and in each case, includes (and Holder shall be entitled to receive
(as calculated in relation to the Coverage Amount)) any options, warrants, or other convertible securities or similar consideration, if any, issued or delivered to any Person in connection with such Persons acquisition of the corresponding
Subsequent Round Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, Holders option to have this Warrant be exercisable for Subsequent Round Stock shall be a continuing option as to each and every Subsequent Round, provided that such option shall apply to the
entire Warrant. Company and Holder acknowledge and agree that a Subsequent Round could include additional issuances of shares of Companys Common Stock to investors primarily for the purpose of raising capital.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraphs, if prior to a corresponding Subsequent Round Company
consummates a Bridge Financing (hereinafter defined) then Holder may elect to surrender this Warrant to Company at any time prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event (hereinafter defined) and receive in exchange therefor (in lieu of all rights to
purchase shares of either Common Stock or Subsequent Round Stock represented by this Warrant), all of the same consideration, securities, instruments (e.g., convertible promissory notes) and rights (collectively, the Bridge Financing
Consideration) that Holder would have received had it participated as a lender in such Bridge Financing with a loan in the notional principal amount equal to the Coverage Amount; provided, however, that (i) if Holder exercises its right set
forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to enter into the same definitive documents executed by the other lenders in such Bridge Financing and (ii) if Holder exercises its right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to comply with the
same timeline as the other lenders in such Bridge Financing. Bridge Financing means each and every round of debt financing effected by Company after the date hereof, whether the purpose of such financing is to bridge Company to a
Subsequent Round or a Liquidity Event (as such term is defined in Section 4.3 hereof). Trigger Event means the occurrence of an event that will trigger the conversion or repayment of the corresponding Bridge Financing Consideration.
Company agrees to provide Holder with prior written notice of the occurrence of a Trigger Event.

In the event Company sells or issues any of its securities prior to the Expiration Date in a manner that would qualify as a
Subsequent Round, Company shall provide Holder with written notice of such sale or issuance no later than five (5) Business Days (hereinafter defined) after the date of such sale or issuance, including the price and terms of such securities (the
Subsequent Securities). Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
required by law or governmental action to close. In the event Holder determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that any Subsequent Securities contain terms more favorable to the holder(s) thereof than the terms set forth in this Warrant
and/or the Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder, Holder may elect to exchange this Warrant for the equivalent dollar value of such Subsequent Securities; provided, however, that the failure of Company to deliver such written notice shall not
affect the rights of Holder to so exchange this Warrant as set forth herein.

As soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence or non-occurrence of the latest event or condition necessary to
determine (i) the actual number and type of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder or (ii) the Exercise Price, if applicable, Company shall deliver a supplement to this Warrant (subsequent to a request by Holder therefor), in substantially
the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, specifying the total number and (if applicable) series of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder after giving effect to the foregoing calculations, and otherwise completed with such quantity
and price terms and other information as have been determined as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such events or conditions. The provisions of such supplement, once completed and executed, shall control the interpretation and
exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that the failure of Company to deliver such supplement shall not affect the rights of Holder to receive the number and type of shares of Warrant Stock as set forth herein.

2

Subject to Section 4.3, this Warrant may be exercised at any time or from time to time up to and including 5:00 p.m. (Pacific
time) on March 31, 2035 (the Expiration Date), upon surrender to Company at its principal office at 6900 Tavistock Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400, Orlando, Florida 32827 (or at such other location as Company may advise Holder in writing) of
this Warrant properly endorsed with the form of subscription attached hereto (the Form of Subscription) duly completed and signed and upon payment in cash or by check of the aggregate Stock Purchase Price for the number of shares for which
this Warrant is being exercised determined in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Stock Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable hereunder are subject to further adjustment as provided in Section 4 of this Warrant.

This Warrant is subject to the following terms and conditions:

1. 

Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares; Exercise Limitations.

(a)Unless an
election is made pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 1, this Warrant shall be exercisable at the option of Holder, at any time or from time to time, on or before the Expiration Date for all or any portion of the shares of Warrant Stock (but
not for a fraction of a share) which may be purchased hereunder for the Stock Purchase Price multiplied by the number of shares to be purchased. Company agrees that the shares of Warrant Stock purchased under this Warrant shall be and are deemed
to be issued to Holder as the record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the date on which the Form of Subscription shall have been delivered and payment made for such shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 2, certificates
for the shares of Warrant Stock so purchased, together with any other securities or property to which Holder is entitled upon such exercise, shall be delivered to Holder by Company at Companys expense within a reasonable time after the rights
represented by this Warrant have been so exercised. Except as provided in clause (b) of this Section 1, in case of a purchase of less than all the shares which may be purchased under this Warrant, Company shall cancel this Warrant and execute and
deliver a new warrant or warrants of like tenor for the balance of the shares purchasable under this Warrant surrendered upon such purchase to Holder within a reasonable time. Each stock certificate so delivered shall be in such denominations of
Warrant Stock as may be requested by Holder and shall be registered in the name of such Holder or such other name as shall be designated by such Holder, subject to the limitations contained in Section 2.

(b)Holder,
in lieu of exercising this Warrant by the cash payment of the Stock Purchase Price pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 1, may elect, at any time on or before the Expiration Date, to surrender this Warrant and receive that number of shares of
Common Stock computed using the following formula:

Where: X = the number of shares of Warrant Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Warrant Stock that Holder would otherwise have been entitled to purchase
hereunder pursuant to Section 1(a) (or such lesser number of shares as Holder may designate in the case of a partial exercise of this Warrant).

A = the Per Share Price (as defined in Section 1(c) below) of one (1) share of Warrant Stock at the time the
net issuance election under this Section 1(b) is made.

B = the Stock Purchase Price then in effect.

Election to exercise under this Section 1(b) may be made by delivering a signed Form of Subscription to Company via facsimile or electronic mail,
to be followed by delivery of this Warrant.

3

(c)For
purposes of Section 1(b), Per Share Price means:

(i) If the Warrant Stock is traded on a securities exchange or actively traded over-the-counter:

(1)If the
Warrant Stock is traded on a securities exchange, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing price of the Warrant Stock as quoted on any exchange, as published on Yahoo! Finance (or a successor thereto or equivalent publisher) for the
trading day immediately prior to the date of Holders election hereunder.

(2)If the
Warrant Stock is actively traded over-the-counter, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing bid or sales price, whichever is applicable, of the Warrant Stock for the trading day immediately prior to the date of the Holders election
hereunder.

(ii)If (i)
is not applicable, the Per Share Price shall be the price per share determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Company (the Board) based on relevant facts and circumstances at the time of the net exercise under Section 1(b),
including in the case of a Liquidity Event the consideration receivable by the holders of the Warrant Stock in such Liquidity Event and the liquidation preference (including any declared but unpaid dividends), if any, then applicable to the
corresponding Warrant Stock.

(d)Notwithstanding

anything herein to the contrary, Company shall not issue to Holder any Warrant Stock to the extent such shares after giving effect to such issuance after exercise and when added to the number of shares of Common Stock (1) issued or issuable upon
exercise of the Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated October 22, 2024, by and between Company and WTI FUND X, LLC, (2) issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated October
22, 2024, by and between Company and WTI FUND XI, LLC, (3) issued and issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series B preferred stock issued pursuant to the Investment Agreement, dated September 27, 2024, by and among Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc.
and the purchasers listed on Schedule I thereto, (4) issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated March 31, 2025, by and between Company and WTI Fund XI, LLC, and (5) issued and issuable in
connection with any other transaction that would result in the number of shares of Common Stock issued in private offerings exceeding the aggregate number of Common Stock the Company is permitted to issue under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules
without obtaining Stockholder Approval (hereinafter defined), would:

(i)result
in Holder (together with Holders affiliates) (a) beneficially owning in excess of 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance (the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount) or
(b) controlling in excess of 19.99% of the total voting power of Companys securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance that are entitled to vote on a matter being voted on by holders of the Common Stock (the Maximum

Aggregate Voting Amount), unless and until Company obtains stockholder approval permitting such issuances in accordance with applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules (Stockholder Approval); and

(ii)result
in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued exceeding 19.99% of the outstanding Common Stock as of the date immediately preceding the date hereof (the Issuance Cap) unless and until Company obtains Stockholder Approval.

For purposes of this Section 1(d), beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

For purposes of this Section 1(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (i) Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), (ii)
a more recent public announcement by Company, or (iii) any other notice by Company or Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of Holder, Company shall within two
Business Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

4

If on any attempted exercise of this Warrant, the issuance of the shares of Warrant Stock would exceed the Maximum Aggregate
Ownership Amount, the Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, and Company shall not have previously obtained Stockholder Approval at the time of exercise, then Company shall issue to Holder requesting exercise such number of shares of
Warrant Stock as may be issued below the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, as the case may be, and, with respect to the remainder of the aggregate number of shares of Warrant Stock, this
Warrant shall not be convertible until and unless Stockholder Approval has been obtained. Company agrees to seek such Stockholder Approval as soon as reasonably practicable to enable Holder to exercise this Warrant and acquire the number of shares
of Warrant Stock desired by Holder.

2.Limitation

on Transfer.

(a)This
Warrant and the Warrant Stock shall not be transferable, except upon the conditions specified in this Section 2, which conditions are intended to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and except as otherwise permitted by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each holder of this Warrant or the Warrant Stock issuable hereunder will cause any proposed transferee of the Warrant or
Warrant Stock to (i) agree to take and hold such securities subject to the provisions and upon the conditions specified in this Section 2 and (ii) comply with the applicable provisions of the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other provision of this Section 2, Holder may freely transfer all or part of this Warrant or the shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or the securities acquirable, directly or
indirectly, upon conversion of the shares, if any) at any time to any affiliate of Holder, by giving Company notice of the portion of the Warrant being transferred setting forth the name, address and taxpayer identification number of the
transferee and surrendering this Warrant to Company for reissuance to the transferees(s) (and Holder, if applicable) to the extent permitted by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)Each
certificate representing (i) this Warrant, (ii) the Warrant Stock, (iii) shares of Companys Common Stock issued upon conversion of the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock and (iv) any other securities issued in respect to the corresponding
Subsequent Round Stock or Common Stock issued upon conversion of the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the
provisions of this Section 2 or unless such securities have been registered under the Securities Act or sold under Rule 144) be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required
under applicable state securities laws):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE
TO COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

(c)Holder and
each person to whom this Warrant is subsequently transferred represents and warrants to Company (by acceptance of such transfer) that it will not transfer this Warrant (or securities acquirable upon exercise hereof unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act was in effect with respect to such securities at the time of issuance thereof) except pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any other rule
under the Securities Act relating to the disposition of securities), (iii) an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to counsel for Company, that an exemption from such registration is available, or (iv) Company otherwise satisfies itself
that such transaction is exempt from registration.

5

(d)Holder
shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of any Persons owning an interest in this Warrant pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time, and, in order for any transfer of this Warrant to become effective, shall
amend such register to reflect any transfer otherwise properly affected pursuant to this Section 2.

3.Shares

to be Fully Paid; Reservation of Shares. Company covenants and agrees that all shares of Warrant Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive rights of any stockholder and free of all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. Company further covenants and agrees that during the period within which the rights
represented by this Warrant may be exercised, Company will at all times have authorized and reserved, for the purpose of issue or transfer upon exercise of the subscription rights evidenced by this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of
authorized but unissued Warrant Stock, or other securities and property, when and as required to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. Company will take all such action with commercially reasonable efforts as may be
necessary to assure that such shares of Warrant Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which the Warrant Stock may be listed.
Company will not take any action which would result in any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price (as described in Section 4 hereof) (i) if the total number of shares of Warrant Stock issuable after such action upon exercise of all outstanding
warrants, together with all shares of Warrant Stock then outstanding and all shares of Warrant Stock then issuable upon exercise of all options and upon the conversion of all convertible securities then outstanding, would exceed the total number
of shares of Warrant Stock then authorized by Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the Charter), (ii) if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable after such action upon the
conversion of all such shares of Warrant Stock together with all shares of Common Stock then outstanding and then issuable upon exercise of all options and upon the conversion of all convertible securities then outstanding would exceed the total
number of shares of Common Stock then authorized by the Charter or (iii) if the par value per share of the Warrant Stock would exceed the Stock Purchase Price.

4.Adjustment

of Stock Purchase Price and Number of Shares. The Stock Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events described
in this Section 4. Upon each adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price, Holder shall thereafter be entitled to purchase, at the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment, the number of shares obtained by multiplying the Stock Purchase
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the number of shares purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment, and dividing the product thereof by the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment.

4.1Subdivision

or Combination of Warrant Stock. In case Company shall at any time subdivide its outstanding shares of Warrant Stock into a greater number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be
proportionately reduced, and conversely, in case the outstanding shares of Warrant Stock of Company shall be combined into a smaller number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be
proportionately increased.

4.2Dividends.
If at any time or from time to time the holders of Warrant Stock (or any shares of stock or other securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall have received or become entitled to receive,

(a)Warrant
Stock, or any shares of stock or other securities whether or not such securities are at any time directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Warrant Stock, or any rights or options to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire
any of the foregoing by way of dividend or other distribution,

6

(b)any
cash paid or payable, including as a cash dividend, or

(c)Warrant
Stock or other or additional stock or other securities or property (including cash) by way of spin off, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or similar corporate rearrangement, (other than shares of Warrant Stock issued as a stock
split, adjustments in respect of which shall be covered by the terms of Section 4.1 above),

then and in each such case, Holder shall be entitled to receive, without being required to first exercise this Warrant and without payment of any
additional consideration therefor, the amount of such securities and property (including cash in the cases referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above), which shall be determined as if Holder had been the holder of record of the shares of Warrant
Stock acquirable hereunder as of the date on which the other holders of Companys Warrant Stock received or became entitled to receive such shares and/or all other additional stock and other securities and property.

4.3Automatic

Exchange upon a Liquidity Event; Expiration Date.

(a)Upon the
first to occur of the consummation of a Liquidity Event and the Expiration Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exchanged for a number of shares of Companys securities, such number of shares being equal to the maximum number of shares
issuable pursuant to the terms hereof (after taking into account all adjustments described herein) had Holder elected to exercise this Warrant immediately prior to the closing of such Liquidity Event or the Expiration Date, as applicable, and
purchased all such shares pursuant to the cash exercise provision set forth in Section 1(a) hereof (as opposed to the cashless exercise provision set forth in Section 1(b)). Company acknowledges and agrees that Holder shall not be required to
make any payment (cash or otherwise) for such shares as consideration for their issuance pursuant to the terms of the preceding sentence. Liquidity Event means the first to occur of: (i) the closing of any merger or consolidation (or
similar transaction) of Company into or with another entity after which the stockholders of Company immediately prior to such transaction do not hold immediately following the consummation of such transaction by virtue of their shares in Company
or securities received in exchange for such shares in connection with the transaction, more than fifty percent (50%) the voting power of the surviving entity; (ii) the closing of any privatization (i.e., a take-private transaction) of Company;
(iii) the closing of any sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions; (iv) the closing of any sale or transfer by Company or
its stockholders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of Company in a transaction or series of related transactions; (iv) the closing of a transaction that constitutes a management buyout of the existing stockholders or the closing
of a transaction that constitutes a stockholder buyout in which one or more stockholders that previously had a controlling interest in Company acquire the interests of all of the non-controlling stockholders, or (v) the closing of any transaction
or series of related transactions deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Company pursuant to the provisions of Companys charter documents. This Warrant shall terminate upon Holders receipt of the number of shares of Companys
equity securities described in this Section 4.3(a).

(b)Company
acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Warrant, on the Expiration Date, Holder shall have the option to exchange this Warrant for a cash payment in an amount equal to the Coverage Amount; provided,
however, that Holder shall provide Company with reasonable prior written notice of its intent to exercise the option set forth in this Section 4.3(b). If Holder exercises the option set forth in this Section 4.3(b) then Company shall make
such payment to Holder by wire transfer on the Expiration Date, or within thirty days of the Expiration Date, pursuant to wire transfer instructions provided to Company by Holder.

7

4.4Pay-to-Play

Exemption. In the event that the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant are amended or modified, or a recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or exchange of such
outstanding shares of Warrant Stock is effected in connection with an equity or debt financing transaction which occurs after the date hereof (each, as applicable, a Pay-to-Play Transaction), this Warrant (and the shares of Warrant Stock
issuable hereunder) shall be exempt from such Pay-to-Play Transaction, and shall automatically and without any action required by Holder become exercisable for the type of securities as would have been issued or exchanged, or would have remained
outstanding or been purchasable, as the case may be, in respect of the shares of Warrant Stock issuable hereunder had Holder exercised this Warrant in full prior to such event and purchased all shares pursuant to the cash exercise provision set
forth in Section 1(a) hereof, and participated in the equity or debt financing to the maximum extent permitted.

4.5 Notice of Adjustment. Upon any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price, and/or any increase or decrease in the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant, Company
shall give written notice thereof, by either (i) first class mail, postage prepaid or (ii) electronic mail, addressed to the registered holder of this Warrant at the address of such holder as shown on the books of Company or as otherwise known by
Company. The notice, which may be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, shall be signed by an officer of Company and shall state the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if
any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of this Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based.

4.6Other
Notices. If at any time:

(a)Company
shall declare any cash dividend upon its Warrant Stock;

(b)Company
shall declare any dividend upon its Warrant Stock payable in stock or make any special dividend or other distribution to the holders of its Warrant Stock;

(c)Company
shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its Warrant Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights;

(d)there
shall be any capital reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of Company, or any other Liquidity Event;

(e)there
shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of Company; or

(f)Company
shall take or propose to take any other action, notice of which is actually provided to holders of the Warrant Stock;

then, in any one or more of said cases, Company shall give, by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Holder at the address of such
Holder as shown on the books of Company, (i) at least 20 days prior written notice of the date on which the books of Company shall close or a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or for determining rights to
vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action and (ii) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action, at least 20 days written notice of the date when the same shall take place. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (i) shall also specify, in the case of any such
dividend, distribution or subscription rights, the date on which the holders of Warrant Stock shall be entitled thereto. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (ii) shall also specify the date on which the holders of Warrant Stock
shall be entitled to exchange their Warrant Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action as the case may be.

8

4.7Certain

Events. If any change in the outstanding Warrant Stock of Company or any other event occurs as to which the other provisions of this Section 4 are not strictly applicable or if strictly applicable would not fairly effect the adjustments to
this Warrant in accordance with the essential intent and principles of such provisions, then the Board shall make in good faith an adjustment in the number and class of shares acquirable under this Warrant, the Stock Purchase Price and/or the
application of such provisions, in accordance with such essential intent and principles, so as to protect such purchase rights as aforesaid. The adjustment shall be such as will give Holder upon exercise for the same aggregate Stock Purchase
Price the total number, class and kind of shares as Holder would have owned had this Warrant been exercised prior to the event and had Holder continued to hold such shares until after the event requiring adjustment.

5.Issue
Tax. The issuance of certificates for shares of Warrant Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to Holder for any issue tax in respect thereof; provided, however, that Company shall not be required to pay any
tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the then Holder being exercised.

6.Closing

of Books. Company will at no time close its transfer books against the transfer of this Warrant or of any shares of Warrant Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in any manner which interferes with the timely exercise
of this Warrant.

7.No
Voting Rights; Limitation of Liability. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as conferring upon Holder the right to vote or to consent as a stockholder in respect of meetings of stockholders for the election of directors of
Company or any other matters or any rights whatsoever as a stockholder of Company. If any dividends are due or paid at any time on the underlying securities for which this Warrant is exercisable then the securities acquirable hereunder shall be
deemed to have accrued dividends and be paid identical dividends from the same time as the outstanding shares for which this Warrant is exercisable were first issued. No provisions hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by Holder to
purchase shares of Warrant Stock, and no mere enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of such Holder for the Stock Purchase Price or as a stockholder of Company, whether such liability is
asserted by Company or by its creditors.

8.Tax
Matters. Holder (including any assignee) shall provide an IRS Form W-9 or applicable IRS Form W-8 to Company prior to becoming party to this Warrant and from time to time upon Companys reasonable request and at the time or times prescribed
by applicable law; provided, that if Holder (including any assignee) does not provide an IRS Form W-9 or an applicable IRS Form W-8 evidencing a complete exemption from U.S. federal income tax withholding on payments to be made pursuant to this
Warrant, Company may deduct and withhold from any payments to be made to such Person pursuant to this Warrant any taxes required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to applicable law. To the extent that any taxes are so deducted or withheld and
remitted to the applicable taxing authority, they will be treated for all purposes of this Warrant as being paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction or withholding has been made. Company acknowledges that initial Holder provided
Company with an IRS Form W-9 prior to the date hereof and Company shall not be entitled to deduct and/or withhold from any payments to be made to initial Holder.

9.Registration

Rights. Holder shall be entitled, with respect to the shares of Warrant Stock issued upon exercise hereof to all of the registration rights set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024 (as amended from time
to time, the Rights Agreement), to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as possessed by the investors thereunder with the following exceptions and clarifications: (i) Holder will have no right to make a written request
under the Rights Agreement that Company file a registration statement under Form S-1 of the Securities Act; (ii) Holder will be subject to the same provisions regarding indemnification as contained in the Rights Agreement; and (iii) the
registration rights are freely assignable by Holder in connection with a permitted transfer of this Warrant or the shares acquirable upon exercise hereof. Company shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that the granting
of such registration rights to Holder does not violate the provisions of the Rights Agreement or any of Companys charter documents or rights of prior grantees of registration rights.

10.Rights
and Obligations Survive Exercise of Warrant. The rights and obligations of Company, of Holder and of the holder of shares of Warrant Stock issued upon exercise of this Warrant, contained in Sections 6 and 9 shall survive the exercise of
this Warrant.

9

11.Modification

and Waiver. This Warrant and any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.

12.Notices. 

Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to Holder or Company shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt if delivered personally or by courier, (ii) upon confirmation of receipt if by telecopy,
(iii) upon receipt if delivered by electronic mail to the email listed below such partys signature on the signature page to this Warrant at or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Business Day, (iv) at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the immediately
succeeding Business Day if received by electronic mail at the email listed below such partys signature on the signature page to this Warrant after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time or on a day that is not a Business Day or (iv) three Business Days after
deposit in the US mail, with postage prepaid and certified or registered, to each such Holder at its address as shown on the books of Company or to Company at the address indicated therefor in the opening paragraphs of this Warrant.

13.Survival

of Certain Obligations. All of the rights and obligations of Company relating to the Warrant Stock acquirable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall survive the exercise and termination of this Warrant. All of the covenants and agreements
of Company shall inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. Company will, at the time of the exercise of this Warrant, in whole or in part, upon request of Holder but at Companys expense, acknowledge in writing its
continuing obligation to Holder in respect of any rights (including, without limitation, any right to registration of the shares of Warrant Stock) to which Holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in accordance with this Warrant;
provided, that the failure of Holder to make any such request shall not affect the continuing obligation of Company to Holder in respect of such rights.

14.Descriptive

Headings and Governing Law. The descriptive headings of the several sections and paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof..

15.Lost
Warrants or Stock Certificates. Company represents and warrants to Holder that upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of any Warrant or stock certificate and, in the case
of any such loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to Company, or in the case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, Company at its expense will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate, of like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant or stock certificate.

16.Fractional

Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant. Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, at its election either pay the holder entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the then effective Stock Purchase Price or round up to the next whole share.

17.Representations

of Holder. With respect to this Warrant, Holder represents and warrants to Company as follows:

17.1Experience.
It is experienced in evaluating and investing in companies engaged in businesses similar to that of Company; it understands that investment in this Warrant involves substantial risks; it has made detailed inquiries concerning Company, its
business and services, its officers and its personnel; the officers of Company have made available to Holder any and all written information it has requested; the officers of Company have answered to Holders satisfaction all inquiries made by
it; in making this investment it has relied upon information made available to it by Company; and it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investment in
Company and it is able to bear the economic and financial risk of that investment.

10

17.2Investment. 

It is acquiring this Warrant for investment for its own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. It understands that this Warrant and the shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon the exercise hereof
have not been registered under the Securities Act, nor qualified under applicable state securities laws.

17.3Rule
144. It acknowledges that this Warrant and the Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder must be held indefinitely, unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has been
advised or is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.

17.4Access
to Data. It has had an opportunity to discuss Companys business, management and financial affairs with Companys management and has had the opportunity to inspect Companys facilities.

17.5Accredited

Investor. It is an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

18.Additional

Representations and Covenants of Company. Company hereby represents, warrants and agrees as follows:

18.1Due
Organization. Company is a company duly incorporated and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its business is conducted or its properties are located, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

18.2Authorization,

Validity and Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of the Warrant are within Companys powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with the Charter or Companys Bylaws. The Warrant constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and subject to general principles of equity).

18.3Offering.
Subject in part to the truth and accuracy of Holders representations set forth in Section 17 hereof, the offer, issuance and sale of this Warrant is, and the issuance of Warrant Stock upon exercise of this Warrant will be, exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act, and are exempt from the qualification requirements of any applicable state securities laws; and neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf will take any action hereafter that would cause the
loss of such exemptions.

18.4No
Conflict. The execution, delivery, and performance by Company of this Warrant is not in conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order or directive, or any indenture, agreement, or undertaking to which Company is a party or by which Company
may be bound or affected except, in each case, to the extent any such conflict would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect

18.5Charter
and Bylaws. Company has provided Holder with true and complete copies of its Charter and Bylaws, and each other charter document setting forth any rights, preferences and privileges of Companys capital stock, each as amended and in effect
on the date of issuance of this Warrant.

18.6Intentionally

Omitted.

11

18.7Financial

and Other Reports. From time to time up to the earlier of: (a) the consummation of a Liquidity Event; (b) the Expiration Date and (c) such date as Holders auditors no longer require such information, Company shall furnish to Holder (i)
within 180 days after the close of each fiscal year of Company, an audited balance sheet and cash flow statement at and as of the end of such fiscal year, together with an audited statement of income for such fiscal year; provided that if
Companys Board of Directors does not require Companys financial statements to be audited for a particular fiscal year, then Company shall deliver such financial statements to Holder unaudited, and (ii) within 45 days after the close of each
fiscal quarter of Company, an unaudited balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement, each at and as of the end of such quarter, together with an up-to-date summary capitalization table, provided that such capitalization table shall be
provided to Holder only if Companys securities are not publicly traded; and (iii) promptly after the closing of each equity financing and convertible debt financing consummated by Company after the date this Warrant has been issued, a copy of
the term sheet for such financing (if any), a post-closing, summary capitalization table and other information relating to the then-current valuation of Company. In addition, Company agrees to provide Holder at any time and from time to time with
such information as Holder may reasonably request for purposes of Holders valuation of Company and Holders compliance (as determined by Holder in its reasonable discretion) with regulatory, accounting and reporting requirements applicable to
Holder; provided, however, that in no event shall Company be obligated to (i) provide Holder with information that is not in Companys possession or (ii) take any action with a third party or otherwise engage a third party in connection with such
request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company shall not be required to furnish to Holder the financial information described in this Section 18.7 in the event such financial information has been previously delivered pursuant to the Loan
Agreement. Further notwithstanding anything in this Section 18.7 to the contrary, if in connection with a Liquidity Event Holder receives securities of a privately held company then the rights described in this Section 18.7 shall be deemed to
continue to apply to such company in order to enable Holder to comply with regulatory, accounting and reporting requirements applicable to Holder. Further notwithstanding anything in this Section 18.7 or this Warrant to the contrary, Company
shall not be required to provide information in respect of which disclosure is prohibited by law, which is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work-product, in respect of which Company owes confidentiality
obligations to any third party, which constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information or which has been previously made publicly available as part of Companys filings with the SEC.

19.Right
to Purchase Securities in Future Financings.In connection with any equity or convertible debt securities that Company may from time to time propose to offer or sell after the date of issuance of this
Warrant (Future Financings), Company hereby grants to Holder the right to invest up to the greater of (i) $1,125,000 and (ii) such amount of cash as is required to enable Holder to purchase that number of any equity or convertible debt
securities as will enable Holder to own or acquire immediately after completion of such offering the same percentage of the securities of Company (on a fully diluted, as exercised basis) as Holder owned and/or had the right to purchase (including
under this Warrant, under any other warrant instrument held by Holder or any affiliate of Holder or otherwise with respect to any securities owned by Holder or any affiliate of Holder) immediately prior to commencement of such offering. Holder
shall not have any obligation to purchase Companys securities in any such Future Financings. In the event Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall not have any obligation to purchase such securities, except pursuant
to those definitive purchase documents executed by other purchasers in connection with the applicable offering. For avoidance of doubt, the right granted herein shall apply to all future sales of Companys equity and convertible debt securities
consummated by Company after the date hereof until the Expiration Date. The right to purchase securities in future sales by Company thereof described in this Section 19 shall survive the payment and satisfaction of all of the Companys
Obligations to Lender until the Expiration Date, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any other Loan Document executed or delivered by Company or Lender after the date hereof. Holder shall be entitled to apportion the rights
hereby granted to it among itself and any affiliate of Holder in such proportions as Holder deems appropriate. For the further avoidance of doubt, (i) if the amount raised in any Future Financing is less than $5,000,000, then the Holders right
to invest in such Future Financing shall be limited to such amount of cash as is required to enable Holder to purchase that number of any equity or convertible debt securities as will enable Holder to own or acquire immediately after completion
of such offering the same percentage of the securities of Company (on a fully diluted, as exercised basis) as Holder owned and/or had the right to purchase (including under this Warrant, under any other warrant instrument held by Holder or any
affiliate of Holder or otherwise with respect to any securities owned by Holder or any affiliate of Holder) immediately prior to commencement of such offering; (ii) if Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be
required to enter into the same definitive purchase documents executed by other purchasers in connection with the applicable offering; and (iii) if Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to comply with
the same timeline as the other purchasers in connection with the applicable offering.

12

20.Market
Stand-Off. Holder may not Transfer (hereinafter defined) this Warrant or the Warrant Stock until the end of the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date of the opening of the first trading window at least 180 days after
the date hereof (the Lock-up Period), provided such Transfer restriction shall be applicable to Holder so long as all of Companys other stockholders are subject to the same restriction. As used in this Section 20, Transfer
means the (i) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, gift, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase
of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security, (ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) public announcement of any intention to
effect any transaction specified in the foregoing clause (i) or (ii).

21.Investment Unit. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Warrant is intended to constitute an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

13

[Signature Page to Warrant]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its officer, thereunto duly authorized
as of the date of issuance set forth on the first page hereof.

COMPANY:

INNVENTURE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

14

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

HOLDER:

WTI FUND X, LLC

By: WT Fund X GP, LLC

Its: Managing Member

By: Westech Investment Advisors LLC

Its: Managing Member

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy which shall constitute notice to:

Fox Rothschild

345 California Street

Suite 2200

San Francisco, CA 94104

Email: jklugman@foxrothschild.com and TPaikedayLeDuc@foxrothschild.com

15

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

(To be signed only upon exercise of Warrant)

To:

The undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase right represented by such Warrant for, and to purchase thereunder, (1) See Below ________________ (_____) shares (the Shares)
of Warrant Stock of __________ and herewith makes payment of _____________ Dollars ($________) therefor, and requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the name of, and delivered to, _________, whose address is ___________.

The undersigned hereby elects to convert percent (__%) of the value of the Warrant pursuant to the provisions of Section 1(b) of the Warrant.

The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed the representations and warranties contained in Section 17 of this Warrant and by its signature
below hereby makes such representations and warranties to Company.

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its: 

(Address) 

(1) 

Insert here the number of shares called for on the face of the Warrant (or, in the case of a partial exercise, the portion thereof as to which the Warrant is being exercised), in either case without making any adjustment for additional
Warrant Stock or any other stock or other securities or property or cash which, pursuant to the adjustment provisions of the Warrant, may be acquirable upon exercise.

ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the undersigned
under the within Warrant, with respect to the number of shares of Warrant Stock covered thereby set forth herein below, unto:

Name of Assignee Address No. of Shares

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20045913_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND DISTRIBUTION THEREOF, AND
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

Date of Issuance: [_], 2025

WARRANT TO ACQUIRE

SECURITIES OF

INNVENTURE, INC.

(Void after March 31, 2035)

This certifies that WTI Fund XI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or assigns (Holder), for value received, is entitled, upon the
terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, to acquire from INNVENTURE, INC., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. (Company), the Applicable Number (hereinafter
defined) of fully paid and nonassessable shares of, at Holders option, either (i) the common stock of Company (Common Stock) or (ii) any Subsequent Round Stock (hereinafter defined) of Company (the Common Stock and the Subsequent Round
Stock, as applicable, are sometimes referred to herein as the Warrant Stock), for cash, at a purchase price equal to $0.01 per share (the Stock Purchase Price). Holder may also exercise this Warrant on a cashless or net issuance
basis as described in Section 1(b) below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Warrant shall have the meaning(s) ascribed to them in the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024, by and between Company,
WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (the Loan Agreement).

Applicable Number means the number of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder obtained by dividing (A) $750,000 (the Coverage
Amount), by (B) the Exercise Price (hereinafter defined). If in any case the Applicable Number includes a fraction then the fraction shall be rounded down to the closest integral number.

Exercise Price means: (i) if Holder chooses for this Warrant to be exercisable for Common Stock, the VWAP (hereinafter defined) of the
Companys Common Stock over the thirty (30) Trading Days (hereinafter defined) ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of this Warrant (the Initial Exercise Price); provided, however, that if, as of the date which is
eighteen (18) months after the date of this Warrant, the VWAP of Companys Common Stock over the five (5) Trading Days ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such eighteen (18) month anniversary is less than the Initial Exercise Price then
the Exercise Price shall be reduced to such lower VWAP; or (ii) if Holder chooses for this Warrant to be exercisable for Subsequent Round Stock, the corresponding Subsequent Round Price (hereinafter defined). VWAP means, for Companys
Common Stock for a specified period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such Common Stock on the Principal Market (hereinafter defined), for such period, as reported by Bloomberg through its AQR function, subject to appropriate
adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period. Trading Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading (regular way), including any
day on which it is open for trading (regular way) for a period of time less than the customary time. Principal Market means the principal national securities exchange on which Companys Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Subsequent Round Price means the lowest price per share paid by any Person for Companys equity securities (as applicable, the Subsequent

Round Stock) issued in a corresponding Subsequent Round (hereinafter defined), including for this purpose the value of all consideration given by any Person for such equity securities and specifically including any discounts afforded to any
Person upon conversion of any convertible security (e.g., a promissory note or a simple agreement for future equity (i.e., a SAFE)) held by any such Person in connection with the corresponding Subsequent Round or otherwise. Subsequent Round
means each and every round of equity financing after the date hereof where either (x) Company receives gross cash proceeds of at least $10,000,000 in a single transaction or series of related transactions, (y) there are punitive terms (e.g., a
round of financing that effectuates a recapitalization of Company) or (z) the securities Company sells or issues have a liquidation preference, and in each case, includes (and Holder shall be entitled to receive (as calculated in relation to the
Coverage Amount)) any options, warrants, or other convertible securities or similar consideration, if any, issued or delivered to any Person in connection with such Persons acquisition of the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock. For the avoidance
of doubt, Holders option to have this Warrant be exercisable for Subsequent Round Stock shall be a continuing option as to each and every Subsequent Round, provided that such option shall apply to the entire Warrant. Company and Holder acknowledge
and agree that a Subsequent Round could include additional issuances of shares of Companys Common Stock to investors primarily for the purpose of raising capital.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraphs, if prior to a corresponding Subsequent Round Company consummates a Bridge
Financing (hereinafter defined) then Holder may elect to surrender this Warrant to Company at any time prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event (hereinafter defined) and receive in exchange therefor (in lieu of all rights to purchase shares of
either Common Stock or Subsequent Round Stock represented by this Warrant), all of the same consideration, securities, instruments (e.g., convertible promissory notes) and rights (collectively, the Bridge Financing Consideration) that
Holder would have received had it participated as a lender in such Bridge Financing with a loan in the notional principal amount equal to the Coverage Amount; provided, however, that (i) if Holder exercises its right set forth hereunder, Holder
shall be required to enter into the same definitive documents executed by the other lenders in such Bridge Financing and (ii) if Holder exercises its right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to comply with the same timeline as the other
lenders in such Bridge Financing. Bridge Financing means each and every round of debt financing effected by Company after the date hereof, whether the purpose of such financing is to bridge Company to a Subsequent Round or a Liquidity
Event (as such term is defined in Section 4.3 hereof). Trigger Event means the occurrence of an event that will trigger the conversion or repayment of the corresponding Bridge Financing Consideration. Company agrees to provide Holder with
prior written notice of the occurrence of a Trigger Event.

In the event Company sells or issues any of its securities prior to the Expiration Date in a manner that would qualify as a Subsequent Round,
Company shall provide Holder with written notice of such sale or issuance no later than five (5) Business Days (hereinafter defined) after the date of such sale or issuance, including the price and terms of such securities (the Subsequent
Securities). Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by
law or governmental action to close. In the event Holder determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that any Subsequent Securities contain terms more favorable to the holder(s) thereof than the terms set forth in this Warrant and/or the
Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder, Holder may elect to exchange this Warrant for the equivalent dollar value of such Subsequent Securities; provided, however, that the failure of Company to deliver such written notice shall not affect the
rights of Holder to so exchange this Warrant as set forth herein.

As soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence or non-occurrence of the latest event or condition necessary to determine (i) the actual
number and type of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder or (ii) the Exercise Price, if applicable, Company shall deliver a supplement to this Warrant (subsequent to a request by Holder therefor), in substantially the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto, specifying the total number and (if applicable) series of shares of Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder after giving effect to the foregoing calculations, and otherwise completed with such quantity and price terms and other
information as have been determined as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such events or conditions. The provisions of such supplement, once completed and executed, shall control the interpretation and exercise of this Warrant; provided,

however, that the failure of Company to deliver such supplement shall not affect the rights of Holder to receive the number and type of shares of Warrant Stock as set forth herein.

2

Subject to Section 4.3, this Warrant may be exercised at any time or from time to time up to and including 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on March 31,
2035 (the Expiration Date), upon surrender to Company at its principal office at 6900 Tavistock Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400, Orlando, Florida 32827 (or at such other location as Company may advise Holder in writing) of this Warrant properly
endorsed with the form of subscription attached hereto (the Form of Subscription) duly completed and signed and upon payment in cash or by check of the aggregate Stock Purchase Price for the number of shares for which this Warrant is being
exercised determined in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Stock Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable hereunder are subject to further adjustment as provided in Section 4 of this Warrant.

This Warrant is subject to the following terms and conditions:

1. 

Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares; Exercise Limitations.

(a)Unless an election is made pursuant to clause (b)
of this Section 1, this Warrant shall be exercisable at the option of Holder, at any time or from time to time, on or before the Expiration Date for all or any portion of the shares of Warrant Stock (but not for a fraction of a share) which may
be purchased hereunder for the Stock Purchase Price multiplied by the number of shares to be purchased. Company agrees that the shares of Warrant Stock purchased under this Warrant shall be and are deemed to be issued to Holder as the record
owner of such shares as of the close of business on the date on which the Form of Subscription shall have been delivered and payment made for such shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 2, certificates for the shares of Warrant Stock so
purchased, together with any other securities or property to which Holder is entitled upon such exercise, shall be delivered to Holder by Company at Companys expense within a reasonable time after the rights represented by this Warrant have been
so exercised. Except as provided in clause (b) of this Section 1, in case of a purchase of less than all the shares which may be purchased under this Warrant, Company shall cancel this Warrant and execute and deliver a new warrant or warrants of
like tenor for the balance of the shares purchasable under this Warrant surrendered upon such purchase to Holder within a reasonable time. Each stock certificate so delivered shall be in such denominations of Warrant Stock as may be requested by
Holder and shall be registered in the name of such Holder or such other name as shall be designated by such Holder, subject to the limitations contained in Section 2.

(b)Holder, in lieu of exercising this Warrant by the
cash payment of the Stock Purchase Price pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 1, may elect, at any time on or before the Expiration Date, to surrender this Warrant and receive that number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following
formula:

Where: X =

the number of shares of Warrant Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Warrant Stock that Holder would otherwise have been entitled to purchase hereunder pursuant to
Section 1(a) (or such lesser number of shares as Holder may designate in the case of a partial exercise of this Warrant).

A = the Per Share Price (as defined in Section 1(c) below) of one (1) share of Warrant Stock at the time the net issuance
election under this Section 1(b) is made.

B = the Stock Purchase Price then in effect.

Election to exercise under this Section 1(b) may be made by delivering a signed Form of Subscription to Company via facsimile or electronic mail, to be followed by
delivery of this Warrant.

3

(c)For purposes of Section 1(b), Per Share Price
means:

(i)If the Warrant Stock is traded on a securities
exchange or actively traded over-the-counter:

(1)If the Warrant Stock is traded on a securities
exchange, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing price of the Warrant Stock as quoted on any exchange, as published on Yahoo! Finance (or a successor thereto or equivalent publisher) for the trading day immediately prior to the
date of Holders election hereunder.

(2)If the Warrant Stock is actively traded
over-the-counter, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing bid or sales price, whichever is applicable, of the Warrant Stock for the trading day immediately prior to the date of the Holders election hereunder.

(ii)If (i) is not applicable, the Per Share Price
shall be the price per share determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Company (the Board) based on relevant facts and circumstances at the time of the net exercise under Section 1(b), including in the case of a Liquidity
Event the consideration receivable by the holders of the Warrant Stock in such Liquidity Event and the liquidation preference (including any declared but unpaid dividends), if any, then applicable to the corresponding Warrant Stock.

(d)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Company shall not issue to Holder any Warrant Stock to the extent such shares after giving effect to such issuance after exercise and when added to the number of shares of Common Stock (1) issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrant to
Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated October 22, 2024, by and between Company and WTI FUND X, LLC, (2) issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated October 22, 2024, by and between
Company and WTI FUND XI, LLC, (3) issued and issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series B preferred stock issued pursuant to the Investment Agreement, dated September 27, 2024, by and among Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. and the purchasers listed
on Schedule I thereto, (4) issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrant to Acquire Securities of Innventure, Inc., dated March 31, 2025, by and between Company and WTI Fund X, LLC, and (5) issued and issuable in connection with any other
transaction that would result in the number of shares of Common Stock issued in private offerings exceeding the aggregate number of Common Stock the Company is permitted to issue under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules without obtaining Stockholder
Approval (hereinafter defined), would:

(i)result in Holder (together with Holders
affiliates) (a) beneficially owning in excess of 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance (the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount) or (b) controlling in excess of 19.99%
of the total voting power of Companys securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance that are entitled to vote on a matter being voted on by holders of the Common Stock (the Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount),
unless and until Company obtains stockholder approval permitting such issuances in accordance with applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules (Stockholder Approval); and

(ii)result in the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock issued exceeding 19.99% of the outstanding Common Stock as of the date immediately preceding the date hereof (the Issuance Cap) unless and until Company obtains Stockholder Approval.

For purposes of this Section 1(d), beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

For purposes of this Section 1(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (i) Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), (ii) a more recent public
announcement by Company, or (iii) any other notice by Company or Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of Holder, Company shall within two Business Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

4

If on any attempted exercise of this Warrant, the issuance of the shares of Warrant Stock would exceed the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, the
Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, and Company shall not have previously obtained Stockholder Approval at the time of exercise, then Company shall issue to Holder requesting exercise such number of shares of Warrant Stock as may
be issued below the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, as the case may be, and, with respect to the remainder of the aggregate number of shares of Warrant Stock, this Warrant shall not be
convertible until and unless Stockholder Approval has been obtained. Company agrees to seek such Stockholder Approval as soon as reasonably practicable to enable Holder to exercise this Warrant and acquire the number of shares of Warrant Stock
desired by Holder.

2.Limitation on Transfer.

(a)This Warrant and the Warrant Stock shall not be
transferable, except upon the conditions specified in this Section 2, which conditions are intended to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and except as otherwise
permitted by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each holder of this Warrant or the Warrant Stock issuable hereunder will cause any proposed transferee of the Warrant or Warrant Stock to (i) agree to take and
hold such securities subject to the provisions and upon the conditions specified in this Section 2 and (ii) comply with the applicable provisions of the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing and any other provision of this Section 2, Holder may freely transfer all or part of this Warrant or the shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or the securities acquirable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of the shares,
if any) at any time to any affiliate of Holder, by giving Company notice of the portion of the Warrant being transferred setting forth the name, address and taxpayer identification number of the transferee and surrendering this Warrant to Company
for reissuance to the transferees(s) (and Holder, if applicable) to the extent permitted by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)Each certificate representing (i) this Warrant,
(ii) the Warrant Stock, (iii) shares of Companys Common Stock issued upon conversion of the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock and (iv) any other securities issued in respect to the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock or Common Stock issued
upon conversion of the corresponding Subsequent Round Stock upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Section 2 or unless such
securities have been registered under the Securities Act or sold under Rule 144) be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required under applicable state securities laws):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND DISTRIBUTION THEREOF, AND
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

(c)Holder and each person to whom this Warrant is
subsequently transferred represents and warrants to Company (by acceptance of such transfer) that it will not transfer this Warrant (or securities acquirable upon exercise hereof unless a registration statement under the Securities Act was in
effect with respect to such securities at the time of issuance thereof) except pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any other rule under the Securities Act
relating to the disposition of securities), (iii) an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to counsel for Company, that an exemption from such registration is available, or (iv) Company otherwise satisfies itself that such transaction is
exempt from registration.

5

(d)Holder shall maintain a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of any Persons owning an interest in this Warrant pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time, and, in order for any transfer of this Warrant to become effective, shall amend such register to reflect any
transfer otherwise properly affected pursuant to this Section 2.

3.Shares to be Fully Paid; Reservation of Shares.
Company covenants and agrees that all shares of Warrant Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
preemptive rights of any stockholder and free of all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. Company further covenants and agrees that during the period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised,
Company will at all times have authorized and reserved, for the purpose of issue or transfer upon exercise of the subscription rights evidenced by this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of authorized but unissued Warrant Stock, or other
securities and property, when and as required to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. Company will take all such action with commercially reasonable efforts as may be necessary to assure that such shares of Warrant
Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which the Warrant Stock may be listed. Company will not take any action which would
result in any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price (as described in Section 4 hereof) (i) if the total number of shares of Warrant Stock issuable after such action upon exercise of all outstanding warrants, together with all shares of Warrant
Stock then outstanding and all shares of Warrant Stock then issuable upon exercise of all options and upon the conversion of all convertible securities then outstanding, would exceed the total number of shares of Warrant Stock then authorized by
Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the Charter), (ii) if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable after such action upon the conversion of all such shares of Warrant Stock
together with all shares of Common Stock then outstanding and then issuable upon exercise of all options and upon the conversion of all convertible securities then outstanding would exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock then
authorized by the Charter or (iii) if the par value per share of the Warrant Stock would exceed the Stock Purchase Price.

4.Adjustment of Stock Purchase Price and Number of
Shares. The Stock Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events described in this Section 4. Upon each adjustment
of the Stock Purchase Price, Holder shall thereafter be entitled to purchase, at the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment, the number of shares obtained by multiplying the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment by the number of shares purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment, and dividing the product thereof by the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment.

4.1Subdivision or Combination of Warrant Stock.
In case Company shall at any time subdivide its outstanding shares of Warrant Stock into a greater number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be proportionately reduced, and conversely, in
case the outstanding shares of Warrant Stock of Company shall be combined into a smaller number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately increased.

4.2Dividends. If at any time or from time to
time the holders of Warrant Stock (or any shares of stock or other securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall have received or become entitled to receive,

(a)Warrant Stock, or any shares of stock or other
securities whether or not such securities are at any time directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Warrant Stock, or any rights or options to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing by way of dividend
or other distribution,

6

(b)any cash paid or payable, including as a cash
dividend, or

(c)Warrant Stock or other or additional stock or other
securities or property (including cash) by way of spin off, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or similar corporate rearrangement, (other than shares of Warrant Stock issued as a stock split, adjustments in respect of which shall
be covered by the terms of Section 4.1 above),

then and in each such case, Holder shall be entitled to receive, without being required to first exercise this Warrant and without payment of any additional
consideration therefor, the amount of such securities and property (including cash in the cases referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above), which shall be determined as if Holder had been the holder of record of the shares of Warrant Stock
acquirable hereunder as of the date on which the other holders of Companys Warrant Stock received or became entitled to receive such shares and/or all other additional stock and other securities and property.

4.3Automatic Exchange upon a Liquidity Event;
Expiration Date.

(a)Upon the first to occur of the consummation of a
Liquidity Event and the Expiration Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exchanged for a number of shares of Companys securities, such number of shares being equal to the maximum number of shares issuable pursuant to the terms hereof (after
taking into account all adjustments described herein) had Holder elected to exercise this Warrant immediately prior to the closing of such Liquidity Event or the Expiration Date, as applicable, and purchased all such shares pursuant to the cash
exercise provision set forth in Section 1(a) hereof (as opposed to the cashless exercise provision set forth in Section 1(b)). Company acknowledges and agrees that Holder shall not be required to make any payment (cash or otherwise) for such
shares as consideration for their issuance pursuant to the terms of the preceding sentence. Liquidity Event means the first to occur of: (i) the closing of any merger or consolidation (or similar transaction) of Company into or with
another entity after which the stockholders of Company immediately prior to such transaction do not hold immediately following the consummation of such transaction by virtue of their shares in Company or securities received in exchange for such
shares in connection with the transaction, more than fifty percent (50%) the voting power of the surviving entity; (ii) the closing of any privatization (i.e., a take-private transaction) of Company; (iii) the closing of any sale, lease, license,
transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions; (iv) the closing of any sale or transfer by Company or its stockholders of fifty percent (50%) or more
of the voting power of Company in a transaction or series of related transactions; (iv) the closing of a transaction that constitutes a management buyout of the existing stockholders or the closing of a transaction that constitutes a stockholder
buyout in which one or more stockholders that previously had a controlling interest in Company acquire the interests of all of the non-controlling stockholders, or (v) the closing of any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be
a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Company pursuant to the provisions of Companys charter documents. This Warrant shall terminate upon Holders receipt of the number of shares of Companys equity securities described in this Section
4.3(a).

(b)Company
acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Warrant, on the Expiration Date, Holder shall have the option to exchange this Warrant for a cash payment in an amount equal to the Coverage Amount; provided,
however, that Holder shall provide Company with reasonable prior written notice of its intent to exercise the option set forth in this Section 4.3(b). If Holder exercises the option set forth in this Section 4.3(b) then Company shall make
such payment to Holder by wire transfer on the Expiration Date, or within thirty days of the Expiration Date, pursuant to wire transfer instructions provided to Company by Holder.

7

4.4Pay-to-Play Exemption. In the event that
the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant are amended or modified, or a recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or exchange of such outstanding shares of Warrant Stock
is effected in connection with an equity or debt financing transaction which occurs after the date hereof (each, as applicable, a Pay-to-Play Transaction), this Warrant (and the shares of Warrant Stock issuable hereunder) shall be exempt
from such Pay-to-Play Transaction, and shall automatically and without any action required by Holder become exercisable for the type of securities as would have been issued or exchanged, or would have remained outstanding or been purchasable, as
the case may be, in respect of the shares of Warrant Stock issuable hereunder had Holder exercised this Warrant in full prior to such event and purchased all shares pursuant to the cash exercise provision set forth in Section 1(a) hereof, and
participated in the equity or debt financing to the maximum extent permitted.

4.5 

Notice of Adjustment. Upon any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price, and/or any increase or decrease in the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant, Company shall give written notice thereof, by either (i) first
class mail, postage prepaid or (ii) electronic mail, addressed to the registered holder of this Warrant at the address of such holder as shown on the books of Company or as otherwise known by Company. The notice, which may be substantially in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto, shall be signed by an officer of Company and shall state the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price
upon the exercise of this Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based.

4.6Other Notices. If at any time:

(a)Company shall declare any cash dividend upon its
Warrant Stock;

(b)Company shall declare any dividend upon its
Warrant Stock payable in stock or make any special dividend or other distribution to the holders of its Warrant Stock;

(c)Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to
the holders of its Warrant Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights;

(d)there shall be any capital reorganization or
reclassification of the capital stock of Company, or any other Liquidity Event;

(e)there shall be a voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of Company; or

(f)Company shall take or propose to take any other
action, notice of which is actually provided to holders of the Warrant Stock;

then, in any one or more of said cases, Company shall give, by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Holder at the address of such Holder as shown on the
books of Company, (i) at least 20 days prior written notice of the date on which the books of Company shall close or a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or for determining rights to vote in respect of any
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action and (ii) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up, or other action, at least 20 days written notice of the date when the same shall take place. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (i) shall also specify, in the case of any such dividend, distribution or
subscription rights, the date on which the holders of Warrant Stock shall be entitled thereto. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (ii) shall also specify the date on which the holders of Warrant Stock shall be entitled to
exchange their Warrant Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action as the case may be.

8

4.7Certain Events. If any change in the
outstanding Warrant Stock of Company or any other event occurs as to which the other provisions of this Section 4 are not strictly applicable or if strictly applicable would not fairly effect the adjustments to this Warrant in accordance with the
essential intent and principles of such provisions, then the Board shall make in good faith an adjustment in the number and class of shares acquirable under this Warrant, the Stock Purchase Price and/or the application of such provisions, in
accordance with such essential intent and principles, so as to protect such purchase rights as aforesaid. The adjustment shall be such as will give Holder upon exercise for the same aggregate Stock Purchase Price the total number, class and kind
of shares as Holder would have owned had this Warrant been exercised prior to the event and had Holder continued to hold such shares until after the event requiring adjustment.

5.Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for
shares of Warrant Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to Holder for any issue tax in respect thereof; provided, however, that Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the then Holder being exercised.

6.Closing of Books. Company will at no time
close its transfer books against the transfer of this Warrant or of any shares of Warrant Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in any manner which interferes with the timely exercise of this Warrant.

7.No Voting Rights; Limitation of Liability.
Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as conferring upon Holder the right to vote or to consent as a stockholder in respect of meetings of stockholders for the election of directors of Company or any other matters or any rights
whatsoever as a stockholder of Company. If any dividends are due or paid at any time on the underlying securities for which this Warrant is exercisable then the securities acquirable hereunder shall be deemed to have accrued dividends and be paid
identical dividends from the same time as the outstanding shares for which this Warrant is exercisable were first issued. No provisions hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by Holder to purchase shares of Warrant Stock, and no mere
enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of such Holder for the Stock Purchase Price or as a stockholder of Company, whether such liability is asserted by Company or by its creditors.

8.Tax Matters. Holder (including any assignee)
shall provide an IRS Form W-9 or applicable IRS Form W-8 to Company prior to becoming party to this Warrant and from time to time upon Companys reasonable request and at the time or times prescribed by applicable law; provided, that if Holder
(including any assignee) does not provide an IRS Form W-9 or an applicable IRS Form W-8 evidencing a complete exemption from U.S. federal income tax withholding on payments to be made pursuant to this Warrant, Company may deduct and withhold from
any payments to be made to such Person pursuant to this Warrant any taxes required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to applicable law. To the extent that any taxes are so deducted or withheld and remitted to the applicable taxing authority,
they will be treated for all purposes of this Warrant as being paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction or withholding has been made. Company acknowledges that initial Holder provided Company with an IRS Form W-9 prior to the date
hereof and Company shall not be entitled to deduct and/or withhold from any payments to be made to initial Holder.

9.Registration Rights. Holder shall be entitled,
with respect to the shares of Warrant Stock issued upon exercise hereof to all of the registration rights set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024 (as amended from time to time, the Rights Agreement),
to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as possessed by the investors thereunder with the following exceptions and clarifications: (i) Holder will have no right to make a written request under the Rights Agreement that Company
file a registration statement under Form S-1 of the Securities Act; (ii) Holder will be subject to the same provisions regarding indemnification as contained in the Rights Agreement; and (iii) the registration rights are freely assignable by
Holder in connection with a permitted transfer of this Warrant or the shares acquirable upon exercise hereof. Company shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that the granting of such registration rights to Holder does not
violate the provisions of the Rights Agreement or any of Companys charter documents or rights of prior grantees of registration rights.

10.Rights and Obligations Survive Exercise of
Warrant. The rights and obligations of Company, of Holder and of the holder of shares of Warrant Stock issued upon exercise of this Warrant, contained in Sections 6 and 9 shall survive the exercise of this Warrant.

9

11.Modification and Waiver. This Warrant and
any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.

12.Notices. Any notice, request or other
document required or permitted to be given or delivered to Holder or Company shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt if delivered personally or by courier, (ii) upon confirmation of receipt if by telecopy, (iii) upon receipt if
delivered by electronic mail to the email listed below such partys signature on the signature page to this Warrant at or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Business Day, (iv) at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the immediately succeeding Business Day
if received by electronic mail at the email listed below such partys signature on the signature page to this Warrant after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time or on a day that is not a Business Day or (iv) three Business Days after deposit in the US mail,
with postage prepaid and certified or registered, to each such Holder at its address as shown on the books of Company or to Company at the address indicated therefor in the opening paragraphs of this Warrant.

13.Survival of Certain Obligations. All of
the rights and obligations of Company relating to the Warrant Stock acquirable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall survive the exercise and termination of this Warrant. All of the covenants and agreements of Company shall inure to the benefit
of the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. Company will, at the time of the exercise of this Warrant, in whole or in part, upon request of Holder but at Companys expense, acknowledge in writing its continuing obligation to Holder in
respect of any rights (including, without limitation, any right to registration of the shares of Warrant Stock) to which Holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in accordance with this Warrant; provided, that the failure of
Holder to make any such request shall not affect the continuing obligation of Company to Holder in respect of such rights.

14.Descriptive Headings and Governing Law.
The descriptive headings of the several sections and paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof..

15.Lost Warrants or Stock Certificates.
Company represents and warrants to Holder that upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of any Warrant or stock certificate and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction,
upon receipt of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to Company, or in the case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, Company at its expense will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock
certificate, of like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant or stock certificate.

16.Fractional Shares. No fractional shares
shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant. Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, at its election either pay the holder entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then effective Stock
Purchase Price or round up to the next whole share.

17.Representations of Holder. With respect to
this Warrant, Holder represents and warrants to Company as follows:

17.1Experience. It is experienced in evaluating
and investing in companies engaged in businesses similar to that of Company; it understands that investment in this Warrant involves substantial risks; it has made detailed inquiries concerning Company, its business and services, its officers and
its personnel; the officers of Company have made available to Holder any and all written information it has requested; the officers of Company have answered to Holders satisfaction all inquiries made by it; in making this investment it has
relied upon information made available to it by Company; and it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investment in Company and it is able to bear the economic
and financial risk of that investment.

10

17.2Investment. It is acquiring this Warrant for
investment for its own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. It understands that this Warrant and the shares of Warrant Stock issuable upon the exercise hereof have not been registered under
the Securities Act, nor qualified under applicable state securities laws.

17.3Rule 144. It acknowledges that this Warrant and
the Warrant Stock acquirable hereunder must be held indefinitely, unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has been advised or is aware of the provisions of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.

17.4Access to Data. It has had an opportunity to
discuss Companys business, management and financial affairs with Companys management and has had the opportunity to inspect Companys facilities.

17.5Accredited Investor. It is an accredited
investor within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

18.Additional Representations and Covenants of
Company. Company hereby represents, warrants and agrees as follows:

18.1Due Organization. Company is a company duly
incorporated and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its business is conducted or its
properties are located, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

18.2Authorization, Validity and Enforceability.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Warrant are within Companys powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with the Charter or Companys Bylaws. The Warrant constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Company,
enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and subject to general principles of equity).

18.3Offering. Subject in part to the truth and
accuracy of Holders representations set forth in Section 17 hereof, the offer, issuance and sale of this Warrant is, and the issuance of Warrant Stock upon exercise of this Warrant will be, exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, and are exempt from the qualification requirements of any applicable state securities laws; and neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf will take any action hereafter that would cause the loss of such exemptions.

18.4No Conflict. The execution, delivery, and
performance by Company of this Warrant is not in conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order or directive, or any indenture, agreement, or undertaking to which Company is a party or by which Company may be bound or affected except, in each
case, to the extent any such conflict would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect

18.5Charter and Bylaws. Company has provided
Holder with true and complete copies of its Charter and Bylaws, and each other charter document setting forth any rights, preferences and privileges of Companys capital stock, each as amended and in effect on the date of issuance of this
Warrant.

18.6Intentionally Omitted.

11

18.7Financial and Other Reports. From time to
time up to the earlier of: (a) the consummation of a Liquidity Event; (b) the Expiration Date and (c) such date as Holders auditors no longer require such information, Company shall furnish to Holder (i) within 180 days after the close of each
fiscal year of Company, an audited balance sheet and cash flow statement at and as of the end of such fiscal year, together with an audited statement of income for such fiscal year; provided that if Companys Board of Directors does not require
Companys financial statements to be audited for a particular fiscal year, then Company shall deliver such financial statements to Holder unaudited, and (ii) within 45 days after the close of each fiscal quarter of Company, an unaudited balance
sheet, income statement and cash flow statement, each at and as of the end of such quarter, together with an up-to-date summary capitalization table, provided that such capitalization table shall be provided to Holder only if Companys securities
are not publicly traded; and (iii) promptly after the closing of each equity financing and convertible debt financing consummated by Company after the date this Warrant has been issued, a copy of the term sheet for such financing (if any), a
post-closing, summary capitalization table and other information relating to the then-current valuation of Company. In addition, Company agrees to provide Holder at any time and from time to time with such information as Holder may reasonably
request for purposes of Holders valuation of Company and Holders compliance (as determined by Holder in its reasonable discretion) with regulatory, accounting and reporting requirements applicable to Holder; provided, however, that in no event
shall Company be obligated to (i) provide Holder with information that is not in Companys possession or (ii) take any action with a third party or otherwise engage a third party in connection with such request. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Company shall not be required to furnish to Holder the financial information described in this Section 18.7 in the event such financial information has been previously delivered pursuant to the Loan Agreement. Further notwithstanding anything in
this Section 18.7 to the contrary, if in connection with a Liquidity Event Holder receives securities of a privately held company then the rights described in this Section 18.7 shall be deemed to continue to apply to such company in order to
enable Holder to comply with regulatory, accounting and reporting requirements applicable to Holder. Further notwithstanding anything in this Section 18.7 or this Warrant to the contrary, Company shall not be required to provide information in
respect of which disclosure is prohibited by law, which is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work-product, in respect of which Company owes confidentiality obligations to any third party, which constitutes
non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information or which has been previously made publicly available as part of Companys filings with the SEC.

19.Right to Purchase Securities in Future
Financings.In connection with any equity or convertible debt securities that Company may from time to time propose to offer or sell after the date of issuance of this Warrant (Future Financings),

Company hereby grants to Holder the right to invest up to the greater of (i): $375,000 and (ii) such amount of cash as is required to enable Holder to purchase that number of any equity or convertible debt securities as will enable Holder to own
or acquire immediately after completion of such offering the same percentage of the securities of Company (on a fully diluted, as exercised basis) as Holder owned and/or had the right to purchase (including under this Warrant, under any other
warrant instrument held by Holder or any affiliate of Holder or otherwise with respect to any securities owned by Holder or any affiliate of Holder) immediately prior to commencement of such offering. Holder shall not have any obligation to
purchase Companys securities in any such Future Financings. In the event Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall not have any obligation to purchase such securities, except pursuant to those definitive purchase
documents executed by other purchasers in connection with the applicable offering. For avoidance of doubt, the right granted herein shall apply to all future sales of Companys equity and convertible debt securities consummated by Company after
the date hereof until the Expiration Date. The right to purchase securities in future sales by Company thereof described in this Section 19 shall survive the payment and satisfaction of all of the Companys Obligations to Lender until the
Expiration Date, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any other Loan Document executed or delivered by Company or Lender after the date hereof. Holder shall be entitled to apportion the rights hereby granted to it among itself
and any affiliate of Holder in such proportions as Holder deems appropriate. For the further avoidance of doubt, (i) if the amount raised in any Future Financing is less than $5,000,000, then the Holders right to invest in such Future Financing
shall be limited to such amount of cash as is required to enable Holder to purchase that number of any equity or convertible debt securities as will enable Holder to own or acquire immediately after completion of such offering the same percentage
of the securities of Company (on a fully diluted, as exercised basis) as Holder owned and/or had the right to purchase (including under this Warrant, under any other warrant instrument held by Holder or any affiliate of Holder or otherwise with
respect to any securities owned by Holder or any affiliate of Holder) immediately prior to commencement of such offering; (ii) if Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to enter into the same definitive
purchase documents executed by other purchasers in connection with the applicable offering; and (iii) if Holder exercises its purchase right set forth hereunder, Holder shall be required to comply with the same timeline as the other purchasers in
connection with the applicable offering.

12

20.Market Stand-Off. Holder may not Transfer
(hereinafter defined) this Warrant or the Warrant Stock until the end of the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date of the opening of the first trading window at least 180 days after the date hereof (the Lock-up Period),

provided such Transfer restriction shall be applicable to Holder so long as all of Companys other stockholders are subject to the same restriction. As used in this Section 20, Transfer means the (i) sale or assignment of, offer to sell,
contract or agreement to sell, gift, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with
respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security, (ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in the
foregoing clause (i) or (ii).

21.Investment Unit.
The parties acknowledge and agree that this Warrant is intended to constitute an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

13

[Signature Page to Warrant]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its officer, thereunto duly authorized as of the date of
issuance set forth on the first page hereof.

COMPANY:

INNVENTURE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

14

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

HOLDER:

WTI FUND XI, LLC

By: WTI Fund XI GP, LLC

Its: Managing Member

By: Westech Investment Advisors LLC

Its: Managing Member

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy which shall constitute notice to:

Fox Rothschild

345 California Street

Suite 2200

San Francisco, CA 94104

Email: jklugman@foxrothschild.com and TPaikedayLeDuc@foxrothschild.com

15

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

(To be signed only upon exercise of Warrant)

To: 

The undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase right represented by such Warrant for, and to purchase thereunder, (1) See Below ________________ (_____) shares (the Shares)
of Warrant Stock of __________ and herewith makes payment of _____________ Dollars ($________) therefor, and requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the name of, and delivered to, _________, whose address is ___________.

The undersigned hereby elects to convert percent (%) of the value of the Warrant pursuant to the provisions of Section 1(b) of the Warrant.

The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed the representations and warranties contained in Section 17 of this Warrant and by its signature below hereby makes
such representations and warranties to Company.

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its: 

(Address) 

(1) 

Insert here the number of shares called for on the face of the Warrant (or, in the case of a partial exercise, the portion thereof as to which the Warrant is being exercised), in either case without making any adjustment for additional
Warrant Stock or any other stock or other securities or property or cash which, pursuant to the adjustment provisions of the Warrant, may be acquirable upon exercise.

ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the undersigned under the within
Warrant, with respect to the number of shares of Warrant Stock covered thereby set forth herein below, unto:

Name of Assignee 

Address 

No. of Shares

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20045913_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THISSECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement),

dated as of March 25, 2025, is between INNVENTURE, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), and each of the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers
attached as Schedule I hereto (individually, a Buyer and collectively the Buyers).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Company and each Buyer desire to enter into this transaction for the Company to
sell and the Buyers to purchase the Convertible Debentures (as defined below) pursuant to an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and/or Rule 506 of
Regulation D (Regulation D) promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) thereunder;

WHEREAS, the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained
herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer(s), as provided herein, and the Buyer(s) shall purchase convertible debentures in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Convertible Debentures) in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $30,000,000 (the Subscription Amount), which shall be convertible into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Shares) (as converted, the Conversion Shares),

of which $20,000,000 shall be purchased upon the satisfaction of the conditions to closing in Sections 6 and 7 (the First Closing) and $10,000,000 shall be purchased on the first Business Day after both (i) the date the Registration
Statement has first been declared effective by the SEC and (ii) the Company has received Stockholder Approval (as defined below) (the Second Closing) (individually referred to as a Closing and collectively referred to as the Closings),

at a purchase price equal to 90% of the Subscription Amount (the Purchase Price) in the respective amounts set forth opposite each Buyer(s) name on Schedule I to this Agreement;

WHEREAS, on the First Closing Date (as defined in Section 1(c) below), the parties hereto
are executing and delivering a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws; and

WHEREAS, the Convertible Debentures and the Conversion Shares are collectively referred to
herein as the Securities.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES.

(a) Purchase of Convertible Debentures. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below, the Company shall issue and sell to each
Buyer, and each Buyer severally, but not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company at each Closing, Convertible Debentures with principal amount corresponding to the Subscription Amount set forth opposite each Buyers name on Schedule I attached
hereto.

(b) Closing Dates. Each Closing shall occur remotely by conference call and electronic delivery of documentation. The date and time of each Closing shall be as follows: (i) the First
Closing shall be at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first Business Day on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below are satisfied or waived (or such other date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and each Buyer)
(the First Closing Date) and (ii) the Second Closing shall be at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first Business Day after the Registration Statement is first declared effective by the SEC, and the Company has received Stockholder
Approval (as defined below), provided the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below are satisfied or waived at such time (or such other date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and each Buyer) (the Second Closing Date
and collectively with the First Closing Date, the Closing Dates). As used herein Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed. 

(c) Form of Payment Deliveries. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on each Closing Date, (i) the Buyers shall deliver to the
Company, in immediately available funds to a bank account designated in writing by the Company, the Purchase Price for the Convertible Debentures to be issued and sold to such Buyer at such Closing, minus any fees or expenses to be paid directly
from the proceeds of such Closing as set forth herein, and (ii) the Company shall deliver to each Buyer, Convertible Debentures which such Buyer is purchasing at such Closing with a principal amount corresponding with the Subscription Amount set
forth opposite each Buyers name on Schedule of Buyers attached as Schedule I hereto, duly executed on behalf of the Company.

(d) Maximum Shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue any Common Shares pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby or any
other Transaction Documents (as defined below) (including the Conversion Shares) if the issuance of Common Shares would exceed the aggregate number of Common Shares that the Company may issue in this transaction, and any transaction aggregated with
this transaction, in compliance with the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) (the number of shares which may be issued without violating such rules and regulations being referred to
as the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (A) obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq for issuances of Common Shares in excess of such
amount or (B) obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Buyers. The Exchange Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction.

2

2. BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Each Buyer, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company with respect to only itself that, as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date:

(a) Investment Purpose. The Buyer is acquiring the Securities for its own account for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public
sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, such Buyer does not agree, or make any
representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a registration statement covering such Securities
or an available exemption under the Securities Act. Such Buyer does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person (as defined below) to distribute any of the Securities in violation of applicable
securities laws. As used herein, Person means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

(b) Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.

(c) Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of
United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Buyer to acquire the Securities.

(d) Information. The Buyer and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and
information the Buyer deemed material to making an informed investment decision regarding its purchase of the Securities, which have been requested by such Buyer. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask
questions of the Company and its management. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect such Buyers right to rely on the
Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.

3

(e) Transfer or Resale. The Buyer understands that: (i) the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for
sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or
transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirements, or (C) such Buyer provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of seller and broker representation letters) that such
Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144), in each case following the applicable holding period set forth
therein; and (ii) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or
the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a
transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no Buyer effecting a pledge of Securities shall be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document, including, without limitation, this Section 2(e).

(f) Legends. The Buyer agrees to the imprinting, so long as its required by this Section 2(f), of a restrictive legend on the Convertible Debentures in substantially the following
form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND THOSE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THEY ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES AND THOSE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THEY ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED SOLELY FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TOWARD RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY
THE SECURITIES.

4

The Buyer agrees to the imprinting, so long as its required by this Section 2(f), of a restrictive legend on the Conversion Shares in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE
BEEN ACQUIRED SOLELY FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TOWARD RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above), (i) following any sale of such Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (ii) if such legend is not
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC), or (iii) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale
of such security is effective under the Securities Act, provided, that, in the case of sub-clause (iii), the Company has received a customary
representation letter from such Buyer, the form and substance of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, confirming that such Buyer shall sell the Conversion Shares within seven Trading
Days following the date of the delivery of such representation letter and shall return such securities to be relegended if such sale does not take place. If a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall no later
than two (2) Trading Days (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act (as defined below) or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the date such Buyer delivers such legended
certificate representing such securities to the Company) following the delivery by a Buyer to the Company or the transfer agent (with notice to the Company) of a legended certificate representing such securities (endorsed or with stock powers
attached, and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any other deliveries from such Buyer as may be required above in this Section 2(f), as directed by such Buyer, either: (A) provided
that the Companys transfer agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit the aggregate number of Common Shares to which such Buyer shall be entitled to such Buyers or its
designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Companys transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight
courier) to such Buyer, a certificate representing such securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends, registered in the name of such Buyer or its designee. The Company shall be responsible for any transfer agent fees or DTC fees
with respect to any issuance of Securities or the removal of any legends with respect to any Securities in accordance herewith. The Buyer agrees that the removal of a restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this
Section 2(f) is predicated upon the Companys reliance that the Buyer will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein.

5

(g) Organization Authority. Such Buyer is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(h) Authorization, Enforcement. The Transaction Documents to which such Buyer is a party have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer and shall constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligations of such Buyer enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors' rights and remedies.

(i) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Buyer of this Agreement and the consummation by such Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (i)
result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Buyer, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Buyer is a party or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws)
applicable to such Buyer, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
ability of such Buyer to perform its obligations hereunder.

(j) Certain Trading Activities. The Buyer has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Buyer, engaged in any
transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as defined below) involving the Company's securities) during the period commencing as of the time that the Buyer first contacted the Company or the
Company's agents regarding the specific investment in the Company contemplated by this Agreement (but not prior to February 1, 2025) and ending immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement by such Buyer.

(k) No General Solicitation. The Buyer is not purchasing or acquiring the Securities as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation
D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

(l) Not an Affiliate. The Buyer is not (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or (iii) a beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Common Shares (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)).

6

(m) Evaluation of Risks. The Buyer has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic
risks entailed by, an investment in the Securities of the Company and of protecting its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the Company involves a high degree
of risk, and that the Buyer may lose all or a part of its investment.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

Except as set forth in the SEC Documents (as defined below) that are available on the SECs website through the EDGAR system at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement and
each Closing (in each case, unless context provides otherwise), and as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule (as defined below), the Company hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth below to each Buyer as of each Closing:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in
which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as
a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so
qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties,
assets, liabilities, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in any of the other Transaction Documents or any
other agreements or instruments to be entered into by the Company in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. Subsidiaries
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock having voting power or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually
referred to herein as a Subsidiary.

7

(b) Authorization Enforcement Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Convertible Debentures, and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures),
have been duly authorized by the Company's board of directors and no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders or other governmental body. This Agreement has been, and the other
Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party will be prior to the Closing, duly executed and delivered by the Company, and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Buyer, to the extent applicable, will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors' rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state
securities law. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Convertible Debentures, the Global Guaranty, and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into by the Company or
delivered by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

(c) Issuance of Securities. The issuance of the Securities has been duly authorized and, upon issuance and payment in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, the
Securities shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests and other
encumbrances (collectively Liens) with respect to the issuance thereof. As of each Closing Date, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized capital stock not less than the Required Reserve Amount (as defined herein). Upon
issuance or conversion in accordance with the Convertible Debentures, the Conversion Shares, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights or Liens with respect to the issue
thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Shares.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Convertible Debentures, the Conversion Shares, and the reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation (as defined
below), Bylaws (as defined below), certificate of formation, memorandum of association, articles of association, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any capital stock or other securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a material violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations, the securities laws of the
jurisdictions of the Company's incorporation or in which it or its subsidiaries operate and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq (the Principal Market, provided however, that in the event the Common Shares are ever listed or traded on any
of the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American, the Principal Market shall mean that market on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded) and including all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdiction of incorporation
of the Company) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of (ii) for any conflict, default, right or violation that
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(e) Consents. The Company is not required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with (other than any filings as may be required by
any federal or state securities agencies and any filings as may be required by the Principal Market), any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or
perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, other than the consent from WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (together, the WTI Lenders).

All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company or any Subsidiary is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been or will be obtained or effected on or prior to the First Closing Date, and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or filings contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. The Company is not in violation of the requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Shares in the foreseeable
future. The Company has notified or will notify the Principal Market of the issuance of all of the Securities hereunder, which does not require obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company or any other Person or Governmental Entity,
and the Principal Market has completed its review of the related Listing of Additional Shares form. Governmental Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction of any nature, federal,
state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national
organization or body or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity
or enterprise owned or controlled by a government or a public international organization or any of the foregoing.

(f) Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer's Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of an arm's length purchaser with
respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that no Buyer is (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to its knowledge, an "affiliate" (as defined in Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144)) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) to its knowledge, a beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Common Shares (as defined for
purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act). The Company further acknowledges that no Buyer (nor any affiliate of any Buyer) is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by a Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby is merely incidental to such Buyer's purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Buyer that the Company's decision to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been based solely on the
independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

9

(g) No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to require approval of stockholders of the Company under any applicable stockholders approval provisions,
including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for quotation. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their
affiliates nor any Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps that would cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings of securities of the Company.

(h) Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that the number of Conversion Shares will increase in certain circumstances. The Company further acknowledges its
obligation to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures in accordance with the terms thereof is, absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of
other stockholders of the Company.

(i) Application of Takeover Protections Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any
control share acquisition, interested stockholders, business combination, poison pill (including, without limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholders rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under the
Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to any Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company's issuance of the Securities and any Buyer's ownership of the Securities.

10

(j) SEC Documents Financial Statements. Since October 2, 2024, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, proxy statements, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits and appendices included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered or has made available to the Buyers or their respective representatives true, correct and complete copies of any
the SEC Documents not available on the EDGAR system. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied, during the periods
involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and
fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate). The reserves, if any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances known by the Company
on the date hereof and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are not provided for by the Company in its financial
statements or otherwise. No other written information provided by or on behalf of the Company to any of the Buyers which is not included in the SEC Documents (including, without limitation, information referred to in Section 2(d)) contains any
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made. The Company is not currently contemplating
to amend or restate any of the financial statements (including, without limitation, any notes or any letter of the independent accountants of the Company with respect thereto) included in the SEC Documents (the Financial Statements), nor
is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, in each case, in order for any of the Financials Statements to be in compliance with GAAP and the rules
and regulations of the SEC. The Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend that the Company amend or restate any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company to amend or restate any of
the Financial Statements.

(k) Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the Company's most recent audited financial statements contained in a Form 10-K or a Form S-1, there has been no Material Adverse
Effect, nor any event or occurrence specifically affecting the Company or its Subsidiaries that would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the Company's most recent audited financial statements contained
in a Form 10-K or Form S-1, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends on the Common Shares, (ii) sold any material assets, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business or
(iii) made any material capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any law or statute
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does the Company or any Subsidiary have any knowledge or reason to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary
bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

11

(l) No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or
occur specific to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required to be
disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a registration statement filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by the Company of its Common Shares and which has not been publicly announced, or (ii) would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Conduct of Business Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term under its Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of
designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate of formation, memorandum of association, articles of association,
Certificate of Incorporation or certificate of incorporation or bylaws, respectively. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation of any of the foregoing, except in all cases for violations which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company is not in material violation of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Principal Market, and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that could
reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of trading of the Common Shares by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. Since October 3, 2024, (i) the Common Shares have been listed or designated for quotation on the Principal Market, (ii)
trading in the Common Shares has not been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market and (iii) the Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or delisting of the Common
Shares from the Principal Market, which has not been publicly disclosed. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their
respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit. There is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted other than such effects, individually or in the aggregate, which have
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

12

(n) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer, agent, employee, nor any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (individually and collectively, a Company Affiliate) have violated the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, nor has any Company
Affiliate offered, paid, promised to pay, or authorized the payment of any money, or offered, given, promised to give, or authorized the giving of anything of value, to any officer, employee or any other Person acting in an official capacity for
any Governmental Entity to any political party or official thereof or to any candidate for political office (individually and collectively, a Government Official) or to any Person under circumstances where such Company Affiliate knew or
was aware of a high probability that all or a portion of such money or thing of value would be offered, given or promised, directly or indirectly, to any Government Official, for the purpose, in violation of applicable law, of: (i) (A) influencing
any act or decision of such Government Official in his/her official capacity, (B) inducing such Government Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty, (C) securing any improper advantage, or (D) inducing such
Government Official to influence or affect any act or decision of any Governmental Entity, or (ii) assisting the Company or its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for or with, or directing business to, the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(o) Equity Capitalization.

(i) Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 250,000,000 Common Shares and
25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001, of which 47,101,300 Common Shares are issued and outstanding, 1,118,808 shares of preferred stock, designated as Series B preferred stock, are issued and outstanding, and 2,885,848 shares
of preferred stock, designated as Series C preferred stock, are issued and outstanding.As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved 54,081,514 Common Shares for
issuance to parties or Persons other than the Buyers.

(ii) Valid Issuance Available Shares. All outstanding Common Shares are duly authorized and have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. As of
the date hereof (A) 54,081,514 Common Shares have been reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible Securities (as defined below) (other than the Convertible Debentures) and (B) 17,398,813 Common Shares are, as of the date hereof, owned by Persons
who are affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and calculated based on the assumption that only officers, directors and holders of at least 10% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Shares are affiliates without
conceding that any such Persons are affiliates for purposes of federal securities laws) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Convertible Securities means any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that is at any time and under any circumstances directly or indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any capital stock or other security of the Company
(including, without limitation, Common Shares) or any of its Subsidiaries.

13

(iii) Existing Securities Obligations. Except for warrants to acquire up to 300,000 Common Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise of equity securities that
the Company expects to issue within 30 days of the First Closing to the WTI Lenders, forms of which have been provided to the Buyers, or as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents: (A) none of the Company's shares, interests or capital stock is
subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or Liens suffered or permitted by the Company (B) other than issuances pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale
of any of their securities under the Securities Act (except pursuant to this Agreement) (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the
issuance of the Securities and (F) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into any Variable Rate Transaction.

(iv) Organizational Documents. The Company has furnished to the Buyers or filed on EDGAR true, correct and complete copies of the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Company's bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws), and the terms of all convertible securities
and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

14

(p) Indebtedness and Other Contracts. Other than as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company does not, (i) have any outstanding debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit
facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is or may become bound, (ii) is a party to any
contract, agreement or instrument, the violation of which, or default under which, by the other party(ies) to such contract, agreement or instrument could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) have any financing
statements securing obligations in any amounts filed in connection with the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; (iv) is in violation of any term of, or in default under, any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any
Indebtedness, except where such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, or (v) is a party to any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of
which, in the judgment of the Companys officers, has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries have any liabilities or obligations required to be disclosed in the SEC Documents
which are not so disclosed in the SEC Documents, other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the businesses and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or could not have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement: 
(x) Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation,
capital leases in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and
other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness
created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies
of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for
the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured
by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H)
all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above; (y) Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or
otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the
obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect
thereto, and (z) Significant Subsidiaries means each of the wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company as of the date hereof.

(q) Litigation. Other than as set forth in the SEC Filings, there is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Market, any court,
public board, other Governmental Entity, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company any of its Significant Subsidiaries, the Common Shares or any of the Company's
any of its Significant Subsidiaries officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. After reasonable inquiry of its
employees, the Company is not aware of any event which might result in or form the basis for any such action, suit, arbitration, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding. Without limitation of the foregoing, there has not been, and to the
knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is the subject of any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

15

(r) Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks,
service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications and
registrations therefor (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary to conduct its business as now conducted and presently proposed to be conducted. The Company does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company of Intellectual
Property Rights of others. There is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought, or to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, being threatened, against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
regarding its Intellectual Property Rights that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of
the foregoing infringements or claims, actions or proceedings. The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of its Intellectual Property Rights.

(s) Environmental Laws. Except, in each case, as would not be reasonably anticipated to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries (a) are in
compliance with any and all applicable laws relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, (b) have received and hold all material permits, licenses or
other approvals required of it under all such laws to conduct its respective businesses and (c) is in compliance with all material terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval.

(t) Tax Status. The Company and each of its Significant Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has
not received written notification of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company knows of no basis for any such claim where failure to pay would cause a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not operated in such a manner as to qualify as a passive foreign investment company, as defined in Section 1297 of the Code. The net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) for United States federal
income tax purposes of the consolidated group of which the Company is the common parent, if any, shall not be adversely effected by the transactions contemplated hereby. The transactions contemplated hereby do not constitute an ownership change
within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, thereby preserving the Companys ability to utilize such NOLs.

16

(u) Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, the Company and each of its Significant Subsidiaries maintains internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference. The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, as applicable, is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and its principal financial officer or officers, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(v) Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an investment company, an affiliate of an investment company,
a company controlled by an investment company or an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Insurance. The Company and any each of its Significant Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries have been refused any
insurance coverage sought or applied for, and neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries have any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(x) Manipulation of Price. The Company does not have, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, (i) taken any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, or (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting
purchases of, any of the Securities.

17

(y) Registration Eligibility. The Company is eligible to register the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Buyers using Form S-1 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(z) Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company, nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or controlled affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Significant Subsidiaries, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a
Person that is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),

or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions, the
Donetsk Peoples Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)). Neither

the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer or controlled affiliate of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, has ever had funds blocked by a United States bank or financial institution, temporarily
or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns. For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries has engaged in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or
territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country.

(aa) Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Buyers or their agents or counsel with any information that
constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, non-public information concerning the Company, other than the existence of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Company
understands and confirms that each of the Buyers will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosures provided to the Buyers regarding the Company, their businesses and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company, taken as a whole, are true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All of the written information furnished after the date hereof by or on behalf of the Company to each Buyer
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, taken as a whole, will be true and correct in all material respects as of the date on which such information is so provided and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or
information exists with respect to the Company or its or their business, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or conditions (financial or otherwise), which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires
public disclosure at or before the date hereof or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly disclosed. All financial projections and forecasts that have been prepared by or on behalf of the Company and made available to the
Buyers have been prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions and represented, at the time each such financial projection or forecast was delivered to each Buyer, the Company's best estimate of future financial performance (it being
recognized that such financial projections or forecasts are not to be viewed as facts and that the actual results during the period or periods covered by any such financial projections or forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted
results). The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Buyer makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 2.

18

(bb) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

(cc) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Buyers representations and warranties set forth in Section 2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer
and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Buyers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

(dd) No Disqualification Events. With respect to Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) under the Securities Act (Regulation D Securities),
none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person
and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Buyers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ee) Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any Person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Buyers or potential
purchasers in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

19

(ff) No Disagreements with Accountants. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and
the accountants formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction
Documents. In addition, on or prior to the date hereof, the Company had discussions with its accountants about its financial statements previously filed with the SEC. Based on those discussions, the Company has no reason to believe that it will
need to restate any such financial statements or any part thereof.

4. COVENANTS.

(a) Form D and Blue Sky. To the extent required, the Company shall file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to each
Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to, qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyers
at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyers on
or prior to the Closing Date. Without limiting any other obligation of the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall timely make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under all applicable
securities laws (including, without limitation, all applicable federal securities laws and all applicable Blue Sky laws), and the Company shall comply with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations and
the like relating to the offering and sale of the Securities to the Buyers.

(b) Reporting Status. For the period beginning on the date hereof, and ending 6 months after the date on which all the Convertible Debentures are no longer outstanding (the Reporting

Period), the Company shall file on a timely basis (which, for the avoidance of doubt, include any permitted extension under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act) all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the
Company shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would no longer require or otherwise permit such termination.

(c) Use of Proceeds. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein to repay any loans to any
executives or employees of the Company or to make any payments in respect of any related party debt. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the transactions

contemplated herein, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose of funding or facilitating any activities or business
of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable
Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Buyer,
loan, invest, transfer or downstream any cash proceeds, or assets or property acquired with cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Convertible Debentures to Innventure LLC, unless the Buyer and such Significant Subsidiary enter into a
global guaranty agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Global Guaranty).

20

(d) Listing. To the extent applicable, the Company shall promptly secure the listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) of all of the Underlying Securities (as
defined below) on the Principal Market, subject to official notice of issuance, and shall use reasonable efforts to maintain such listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) of all Underlying Securities from time to time issuable
under the terms of the Transaction Documents on such Principal Market for the Reporting Period. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action which could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the
Common Shares on a Principal Market during the Reporting Period. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4(d). Underlying Securities means the (i) the Conversion Shares,
and (ii) any Common Shares issued or issuable with respect to the Conversion Shares, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of
capital stock of the Company into which the Common Shares are converted or exchanged without regard to any limitations on conversion of the Convertible Debentures.

(e) RESERVED.

(f) Pledge of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, subject to compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws, the Securities may be pledged by a Buyer in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that is secured by the Securities. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver
such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee by a Buyer.

(g) Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information.

(i) Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall (A) on or before 10:00 pm Eastern Time on the first Business Day after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a current
report on Form 8-K disclosing (a) all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching the Transaction Documents deemed by the Company necessary to be filed
therewith, and (b) all material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Buyers (other than the 2024 Annual Report) (including, required exhibits, the Current Report), and (B) on or before the First Closing Date, file
the 2024 Annual Report. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report and the 2024 Annual Report, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the
Buyers or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate, and the Company specifically agrees that the Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement dated March 20, 2025 between the Company and Yorkville Advisors Global, LP shall
terminate.

21

(ii) Limitations on Disclosure. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents not to, provide any Buyer with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the date hereof without first obtaining the express prior written consent of such Buyer (which may be granted
or withheld in such Buyer's sole discretion). To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Buyer without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of
confidentiality with respect to such material, non-public information. Subject to the foregoing, neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any Buyer shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of any Buyer, to make any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the Current
Report and contemporaneously therewith and (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause (i) each Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public
disclosure prior to its release). Except with respect to the matters described in the Transaction Agreements, including the name of the Buyers as set forth therein, and events that have occurred pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreements,
without the prior written consent of the applicable Buyer (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion), the Company shall not (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of such Buyer in
any filing, announcement, release or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no Buyer
shall have (unless expressly agreed to by a particular Buyer after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and such particular Buyer (it being understood and agreed that no Buyer may bind any other
Buyer with respect thereto)), any duty of confidentiality with respect to any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii) Other Confidential Information. Disclosure Failures. In addition to other remedies set forth in this Section 4(g), and without limiting anything set forth in any other
Transaction Document, at any time after the Closing Date if the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, provides any Buyer with material non-public information relating to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (each, the Confidential Information), the Company shall, on or prior to the applicable Required Disclosure Date (as defined below), publicly disclose such Confidential Information on a Current Report on Form 8-K
or otherwise (each, a Disclosure). From and after such Disclosure, the Company shall have disclosed all Confidential Information provided to such Buyer by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers,
directors, employees or agents. In addition, effective upon such Disclosure, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Buyers or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. Required Disclosure Date means (x) if such
Buyer authorized the delivery of such Confidential Information, either (I) if the Company and such Buyer have mutually agreed upon a date (as evidenced by an e-mail or other writing) of Disclosure of such Confidential Information, such agreed upon
date or (II) otherwise, the seventh (7th) calendar day after the date such Buyer first received any Confidential Information or (y) if such Buyer did not authorize the delivery of such Confidential Information, the first (1st) Business Day after
such Buyers receipt of such Confidential Information.

22

(h) Reservation of Shares. So long as any of the Convertible Debentures, remain outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized capital stock, and shall have
instructed its transfer agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of all Convertible Debentures (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) such Convertible Debentures are convertible at the Conversion
Price (as defined therein) as of the date of determination and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Convertible Debentures set forth therein) (the Required Reserve Amount) provided
that at no time shall the number of Common Shares reserved pursuant to this Section be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any conversion and/or redemption, or reverse stock split. If at any time the number of Common Shares
authorized to be issued is not sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares, including, without limitation, calling a special
meeting of stockholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Company's obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the case of an insufficient number of authorized shares, recommending that stockholders vote in favor of an increase
in such authorized number of shares sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount.

(i) Conduct of Business. The business of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except
where such violations would not reasonably be expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Covenants relating to the SEPA.

(i) SEPA Exchange Cap. In connection with the Standby Equity Distribution Agreement entered into between the Company and YA II PN, Ltd. (Yorkville) on October 24, 2023 (the
SEPA), the Company shall not effect any sales under the SEPA to the extent that the aggregate number of Common Shares issued thereunder would exceed 9,899,582 Common Shares (the SEPA Exchange Cap), subject to certain exceptions in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to include in its proxy statement for its next annual meeting of stockholders a proposal for the purpose of seeking the approval
of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Market, for issuances of shares issuable pursuant to the SEPA and the Conversion Shares in excess of the Exchange Cap (such approval by the stockholders, an Affirmative
Vote). For purposes of this Agreement Stockholder Approval shall mean the earlier of (a) an Affirmative Vote, and (b) irrevocable proxies of a majority of the Companys stockholders indicating their intention to support an
Affirmative Vote.

23

(ii) SEPA Registration Statement. The Company filed a registration statement (File No. 333-282971) (the SEPA Registration Statement) for the resale by Yorkville of up to
4,418,307 Common Shares issuable pursuant to the SEPA. As of the date hereof, 4,209,314 Common Shares issuable under the SEPA remain registered for resale by Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA Registration Statement. The Company agrees that for so long
as any amounts remain outstanding under the Convertible Debentures, if the market value of the number of Common Shares issuable under the SEPA that remain registered for resale by Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA Registration Statement (as determined
by multiplying the number of shares available for resale by the last closing price of the Common Shares) is less than 100% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Convertible Debentures, then the Company shall prepare and file a new
registration statement to register the resale by Yorkville of additional Common Shares issuable under the SEPA within 30 days of the first occurrence of such event, and use commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement
declared effective by the SEC within 60 days of filing thereof.

(iii) SEPA Advances. For so long as any amounts remain outstanding under the Convertible Debentures, if the Company submits an Advance Notice (as defined in the SEPA) then, unless
otherwise agreed by Yorkville, (1) the Company may only request an Option 2 Pricing Period in such Advance Notice, and, (2) all of the proceeds from such Advance Notice shall be used as an Advance Payment (as defined in the Convertible Debentures),
provided that, if all the following conditions have been satisfied with respect to any Advance Notice, then then the proceeds of such Advance Notice shall be paid to the Company: (A) the Commitment
Amount (as defined in the SEPA) remaining available (after taking into account the subject Advance Notice) exceeds 110% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Convertible Debentures, (B) all monthly payments under the Convertible
Debentures that have come due and that are coming due within 31 calendar days following the closing of the subject Advance Notice shall have been repaid, (C) the market value of the number of Common Shares that remain available for issuance under
the Exchange Cap (as determined by multiplying the number of shares available under the Exchange Cap by the last closing price of the Common Shares) is at least 200% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Convertible Debentures,
and (D) the market value of the number of Common Shares issuable under the SEPA that remain registered for resale by Yorkville pursuant to an effective registration statement (as determined by multiplying the number of shares available for resale
by the last closing price of the Common Shares) is at least 200% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Convertible Debentures.

(k) Except as expressly set forth below, the Buyer covenants that from and after the date hereof through and ending when no Convertible Debentures remain outstanding (the Restricted
Period), no Buyer or any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Buyer (collectively, the Restricted Persons and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person) shall, directly or
indirectly, engage in (i) any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares or (ii) put equivalent position or any hedging transaction which establishes a net short position with
respect to any securities of the Company, either for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall
(without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO) Common Shares; or (2) selling a number
of Common Shares equal to the number of Underlying Shares that such Restricted Person is entitled to receive, but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer agent upon the completion of a pending conversion of the Convertible Debentures
for which a valid Conversion Notice (as defined in the Convertible Debentures) has been submitted to the Company pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Convertible Debentures.

24

(l) Prohibited Transactions. From the date hereof until all of the Convertible Debentures have been repaid or converted into Common Shares, the Company agrees to not directly or
indirectly enter into any contract, agreement or other item that would restrict or prohibit any of the Companys obligations to the Buyer(s) under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, any cash payments required to be made by
the Company to the Buyer(s).

(m) From the date hereof until all the Convertible Debentures have been repaid, without the prior written consent of the Buyer, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries (whether or not a Subsidiary on the date hereof) to, directly or indirectly (i) other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness,
(ii) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein
or any income or profits therefrom, (iii) make any payment in respect of any related party debt, (iv) enter into a transaction, the primary purpose of which is to raise capital for the Company, wherein the Company issues its equity capital stock
and receives net proceeds in excess of $20.0 million wherein less than 25% of the net proceeds from such offering are reserved for payment of the obligations under the Convertible Debentures, which payment shall be made promptly upon receipt of
the net proceeds of the offering (unless payment is waived by the Buyer) and which payment shall constitute an Advance Repayment, or (iv) enter into, agree to enter into, or effect any Variable Rate Transaction (other than in connection with the
SEPA); provided, however, in no case shall any of the foregoing restrict transactions, events or issuances that have occurred prior to the date hereof.

Permitted Indebtedness shall mean: (i) indebtedness evidenced by the Convertible Debentures; (ii) indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and any refinance of any such Indebtedness in
a principal amount that does not exceed the original principal amount of such Indebtedness begin refinanced and on terms that are not materially more restrictive; (iii) indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or
lease of any equipment, including capital lease obligations with no recourse other than to such equipment; (iv) indebtedness (A) the repayment of which has been subordinated to the payment of the Convertible Debentures on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Buyers, including with regard to interest payments and repayment of principal, (B) which does not mature or otherwise require or permit redemption or repayment prior to or on the 91st day after the maturity date of any Convertible
Debentures then outstanding; and (C) which is not secured by any assets of the Company or its subsidiaries; (v) indebtedness associated with acquiring new intellectual property assets and licenses, so long as the proceeds are going to the
party(ies) from which the Company is acquiring the assets, licenses, and other properties and (vi) any indebtedness (other than the indebtedness set out in (i) (v) above) incurred after the date hereof, provided that such indebtedness does not
exceed $500,000 at any given time.

25

Permitted Liens shall mean (1) any existing Liens on the date hereof; (2) inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due, as to which the grace period,
if any, related thereto has not yet expired, or being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (3) Liens of carriers, materialmen, warehousemen, mechanics and
landlords and other similar Liens which secure amounts which are not yet overdue by more than 60 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
(4) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to other persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Company; (5) Liens securing capitalized lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness incurred solely for
the purpose of financing an acquisition or lease; (6) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, municipal zoning ordinances and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies, in each case not securing debt and not
materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Company and not materially detracting from the value of the property subject thereto; (7) Liens arising out of the existence of judgments or awards which judgments or awards do not
constitute an Event of Default; (8) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance, pension liabilities and social security benefits and Liens securing the performance of
bids, tenders, leases and contracts in the ordinary course of business, statutory obligations, surety bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (other than appeal bonds) incurred in the ordinary course of business (exclusive
of obligations in respect of the payment for borrowed money); (9) Liens in favor of a banking institution arising by operation of law encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and contractual set-off rights held by such banking
institution and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry and only burdening deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; (10) usual and customary set-off rights in leases and
other contracts; (11) escrows in connection with acquisitions and dispositions; (12) royalties and other rights to revenue derived from the sale of the Companys products that are granted in the ordinary course of business; and (13) other Liens
securing Indebtedness or other obligations permitted under this Agreement in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $200,000.

Variable Rate Transaction shall mean a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any equity, warrants, or debt securities, in each case that are convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common
Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such security, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Shares (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any
standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, business combination, dividend, stock split or other similar transaction), or (ii) enters into or effects any agreement, including but not limited to an equity line of
credit, ATM agreement or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common Shares; provided, however, in no event shall warrants (in a form previously provided to the Buyer) issued to WTI Fund X,
Inc., WTI Fund XI, Inc., WTI Fund X, LLC or WTI Fund XI, LLC in connection with the execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby constitute a Variable Rate Transaction.

26

(n) On any Trading Day that a Buyer sells any Conversion Shares, such Buyer shall, on such Trading Day, provide to the Company with the following information: (i) the quantity of the
Conversion Shares sold by such Buyer on such day, and (ii) the average sale price of the Conversion Shares sold by such Buyer on such date.

(o) At least two (2) days prior to each Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a disclosure schedule (the Disclosure Schedule) setting forth any changes necessary to
make the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3 true and correct as of such Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Buyer determines, in good faith, that the matters set forth in the Disclosure Schedule
constitute a Material Adverse Effect, the Buyer shall have the right, upon written notice to the Company within 2 days of receipt of the Disclosure Schedule, to terminate its obligation to proceed with such Closing, or waive such changes and
proceed with such Closing, and (ii) any disclosure in the Disclosure Schedule with respect to the Second Closing that reflects an event or condition that should have been disclosed at the First Closing but was not shall not be deemed to cure any
breach of the Companys representations and warranties as of the First Closing Date and shall not limit or affect the Buyers rights with respect to such breach. If a Disclosure Schedule contains any Confidential Information, theCompany
shall, on or prior to the applicable Required Disclosure Date, publicly disclose such Confidential Information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise.

5. REGISTER TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS LEGEND.

(a) Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices or with the Transfer Agent (or at such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Convertible Debentures in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person in whose name the Convertible Debentures have been issued (including the name and address of each
transferee), the amount of Convertible Debentures held by such Person. The Company shall keep the register open and available at all times during business hours for inspection of any Buyer or its legal representatives.

(b) Transfer Restrictions. The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Buyer or in connection with a pledge as contemplated herein, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of
counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Buyer under this Agreement.

27

(c) Conversion and Exercise Procedures. The form of Conversion Notice included in the Convertible Debentures set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Buyers in
order to convert the Convertible Debentures. Except as provided in Section 2(f) and Section 5(b), no additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Buyers to convert their Convertible Debentures. The Company
shall honor conversions of the Convertible Debentures and shall deliver the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Convertible Debentures.

6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL.

The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Convertible Debentures to each Buyer at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before each Closing Date, of each of the
following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Company's sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

(a) Such Buyer shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

(b) Such Buyer and each other Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, the amounts withheld pursuant to Section 4(d), if any) for the
Convertible Debentures being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with a letter, duly executed by an officer of the Company, setting forth the wire amounts of each Buyer and the wire
transfer instructions of the Company (the Closing Statement).

(c) The representations and warranties of such Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of each Closing Date as though originally made at
that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and such Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Buyer at or prior to such Closing Date.

7. CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

The obligation of each Buyer hereunder to purchase its Convertible Debentures at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these
conditions are for each Buyer's sole benefit and may be waived by such Buyer at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such
Buyer a Convertible Debenture with a principal amount corresponding to the Subscription Amount set forth opposite such Buyers name on the Schedule of Buyers attached as Schedule I for the Closing.

28

(b) The Company shall have delivered to the Buyers the opinion of counsel to the Company or the General Counsel of the Company, dated as of the First Closing Date, in customary form and
substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Buyers and addressing such legal matters as the Buyers and the Company reasonably agree.

(c) The Company shall have delivered to each Buyer copies of its and each Subsidiaries certified copies of its charter, to the extent applicable, as well as any stockholder or operating
agreements by or among the stockholders or members of any of the Companys Subsidiaries.

(d) The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of the Company as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date.

(e) Each and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties qualified by materiality, which
shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and the
Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions set forth in each Transaction Document required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to such
Closing Date.

(f) The Common Shares (A) shall be designated for quotation or listed (as applicable) on the Principal Market and (B) shall not have been suspended, as of each Closing Date, by the SEC or
the Principal Market from trading on the Principal Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Principal Market have been threatened, as of each Closing Date, either (I) in writing by the SEC or the Principal Market or (II) by receiving a
notification from the Principal Market of falling below the minimum maintenance requirements of the Principal Market that is not subject to a cure period.

(g) The Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third-party consents and approvals necessary for the sale of the Securities, including without limitation, those required
by the Principal Market, if any, and the consent and waiver of the WTI Lenders.

(h) The Company shall either (a) deliver to the Buyer duly executed amendments to credit agreements by and between the Company and the Companys related parties (the Related Party Loans),

which amendments extend the maturity dates of such agreements beyond the maturity date of the Convertible Debentures or (ii) fully satisfy the Related Party Loans, including, but not limited to, by means of exchanging the outstanding obligations
thereunder for equity capital stock of the Company on terms agreed upon by the Buyer.

(i) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

29

(j) Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, or an Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Debentures).

(k) The Company shall have notified the Principal Market to list or designate for quotation (as the case may be) the maximum number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Convertible
Debentures to be issued at the Closing.

(l) Such Buyer shall have received the Closing Statement.

(m) (i) From the date hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market (except for any suspension of
trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which suspension shall be terminated prior to the Closing), and (ii) at any time from the date hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on the Principal Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the
United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any
financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of each Buyer, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

(n) The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; said approval has not been amended, rescinded or materially modified and
remains in full force and effect as of such Closing, and a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company shall have been provided to the Buyers.

(o) The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a compliance certificate executed by an executive officer of the Company certifying that Company has complied with all of the conditions
precedent to the applicable Closing set forth herein and which may be relied upon by the Buyer as evidence of satisfaction of such conditions without any obligation to independently verify.

(p) The Company and its Subsidiaries shall have delivered to such Buyer such other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as such
Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request.

(q) The Company shall have timely filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report), with the SEC in form and substance as required
by the Exchange Act (which, for the avoidance of doubt, include any permitted extension under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act).

(r) Solely with respect to the Second Closing, the Registration Statement shall be effective in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, including the
effectiveness deadline set forth therein, and the Company shall have obtained Shareholder Approval.

30

8. TERMINATION.

In the event that the First Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer by April 17, 2025, then such Buyer shall have the right to terminate its obligations under this Agreement with
respect to itself at any time on or after the close of business on such date without liability of such Buyer to any other party provided, however, (i) the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8 shall not be available to such Buyer
if the failure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to have been consummated by such date is the result of such Buyer's breach of this Agreement and (ii) the abandonment of the sale and purchase of the Convertible Debentures shall be
applicable only to such Buyer providing such written notice, provided further that no such termination shall affect any obligation of the Company under this Agreement to reimburse such Buyer for the expenses described herein. To the extent the
First Closing has not occurred by April 17, 2025, the Company shall have the right to terminate its obligations under this Agreement, provided any such right arising out of the failure by the Company to file its Form 10-K by the deadline under Rule
12b-25 of the Exchange Act has not been waived by the Buyer. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws (excluding
the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of New York (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of construction, validity and performance.

(b) Jurisdiction; Venue; Service.

(i) The Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction)
and, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing Jurisdiction.

(ii) The Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction or, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, in any United States
District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company waives any right to object to the maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or
otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience of forum.

31

(iii) Any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, brought by the
Company against the Buyer arising out of or based upon this Agreement or any matter relating to this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The
Company shall not file any counterclaim against the Buyer in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Buyer against the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in
which the Buyer brought such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding
instituted by the Buyer against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company against the Buyer in any
court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Buyer arising out of or based upon this Agreement or any matter relating to this Agreement, or any other
Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from
any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in
such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Buyer agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

(iv) The Company and the Buyer irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or
proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address provided for notices in this Agreement, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing.

(v) Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Buyer to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or to otherwise proceed
against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

(c) THE PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE. 
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

32

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when
counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(e) Headings Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. Unless the context
clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms "including," "includes," "include" and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if
followed by the words "without limitation." The terms "herein," "hereunder," "hereof" and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(f) Entire Agreement, Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyer, the Company, their affiliates and persons acting on their
behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set
forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the
party to be charged with enforcement. As a material inducement for each Buyer to enter into this Agreement, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (x) no due diligence or other investigation or inquiry conducted by a Buyer, any of its
advisors or any of its representatives shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document and (y) unless a provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is expressly preceded by the phrase except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, nothing contained in any of the SEC Documents shall affect such
Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(g) Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing by letter and email and
will be deemed to have been delivered: upon the later of (A) either (i) receipt, when delivered personally or (ii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly
addressed to the party to receive the same and (B) receipt, when sent by electronic mail. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

33

If to the Company, to: 

INNVENTURE, INC.

6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suire 400

Orlando, FL 32827

Attention: Suzanne Niemeyer, General Counsel

Telephone: (610) 996-1767

E-Mail: legalnotices@innventure.com

With Copy to: 

Jones Day

1221 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 400

Atlanta, GA 30361

Attention: Joel T. May, Esq.

Telephone: (404) 581-8967

E-Mail: jtmay@jonesday.com

If to a Buyer, to its address and e-mail address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, with copies to such Buyer's representatives as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers,

With copy to: 

David Fine, Esq.

c/o Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Email: legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

or to such other address, e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such
change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) electronically generated by the sender's e-mail service provider containing the time, date, recipient e-mail address or
(C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively

(h) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns, including any purchasers of any
of the Convertible Debentures (but excluding any purchasers of Underlying Securities, unless pursuant to a written assignment by such Buyer). The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of the Buyers. In connection with any transfer of any or all of its Securities, a Buyer may assign all, or a portion, of its rights and obligations hereunder in connection with such Securities without the consent of the Company, in
which event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Buyer hereunder with respect to such transferred Securities.

34

(i) Indemnification.

(i) In consideration of each Buyer's execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities thereunder and in addition to all of the Company's other obligations
under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Buyer and each holder of any Securities and all of their stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect
investors and any of the foregoing Persons' agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against
any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification
hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any
representation or warranty made by the Company in any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (iii) any cause of
action, suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that arises
out of or results from (A) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, (B) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (C) any disclosure properly made to such Buyer pursuant to Section 4(g), or (D) the status of such Buyer or holder of the Securities either as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for injunctive or other equitable relief). To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be
unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.

35

(ii) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee under this Section 9(i) of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an
Indemnified Liability, such Indemnitee shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Company under this Section 9(i), deliver to the Company a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the Company shall have the right to
participate in, and, to the extent the Company so desires, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Indemnitee provided, however, that an Indemnitee shall have the right to
retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the Company if: (A) the Company has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses (B) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Indemnified Liability and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee in any such Indemnified Liability or (C) the named parties to any such Indemnified Liability (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnitee and
the Company, and such Indemnitee shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnitee and the Company (in which case, if such Indemnitee notifies the Company in
writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Company, then the Company shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company), provided further, that in the case of
clause (C) above the Company shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for the Indemnitees. The Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection with any
negotiation or defense of any such action or Indemnified Liability by the Company and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to the Indemnitee which relates to such action or Indemnified Liability. The Company shall keep
the Indemnitee reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior
written consent, provided, however, that the Company shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such Indemnified Liability or litigation, and such
settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Indemnitee. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the Company shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or
corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the Company within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Company of any liability to the
Indemnitee under this Section 9(i), except to the extent that the Company is materially and adversely prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(iii) The indemnification required by this Section 9(i) shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, within ten (10) days after
bills supporting the Indemnified Liabilities are received by the Company.

(iv) The indemnity agreement contained herein shall be in addition to (A) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnitee against the Company or others, and (B) any liabilities the
Company may be subject to pursuant to the law.

(j) No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict
construction will be applied against any party.

[REMAINDER PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and
the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

INNVENTURE, INC.

By:

/s/ David Yablunosky 

Name: 

David Yablunosky

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

37

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and
the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BUYER:

YA II PN, LTD.

By: 

Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

Its: 

Investment Manager

By: 

Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Its: 

General Partner

By: 

/s/ Matt Beckman 

Name: 

Matt Beckman

Title: 

Member

38

LIST OF EXHIBITS:

EXHIBIT A: FORM OF CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

EXHIBIT B: FORM OF GLOBAL GUARANTY

39

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

40

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF GLOBAL GUARANTY

41

SCHEDULE I

SCHEDULE OF BUYERS
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20045913_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

GLOBAL GUARANTY AGREEMENT

This Global Guaranty Agreement (this Guaranty) is made as of [__], 2025 by INNVENTURE LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware (the Guarantor), in favor of YA II PN, LTD. (YA II or the Creditor), with respect to
all obligations of INNVENTURE, INC., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Debtor)

owed to the Creditor.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Creditor and
the Debtor have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) on[__], 2025 pursuant to
which the Creditor shall provide loans to the Debtor, to be evidenced by convertible debentures (the Convertible Debentures) to be issued by the Debtor to the Creditor, in the amount
of up to $30 million;

WHEREAS, it is a condition
precedent to Debtor being permitted to loan, invest, transfer or downstream any cash proceeds, or assets or property acquired with cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Convertible Debentures to the Guarantor that the Guarantor enter
into this Guaranty; and

WHEREAS, the Guarantor is a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Debtor.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Guarantor covenants and agrees as follows:

1.Guaranty of Payment and Performance. The Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby guarantees to the Creditor the full, prompt and unconditional payment when due (whether at maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise), and the performance, of liabilities, agreements and other obligations of the Debtor to the Creditor contained in the Convertible Debentures and the Transaction Documents up (all the foregoing, collectively, the Obligations). This Guaranty is an absolute, unconditional and continuing guaranty of the full and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations and not of their collectability only
and is in no way conditioned upon any requirement that the Creditor first attempt to collect or require the performance of any of the Obligations from the Debtor or resort to any security or other means of obtaining their payment. Should the
Debtor default in the payment or performance of any of the Obligations, the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall become immediately due and payable to the Creditor, all of which are expressly waived by the Guarantor.

2.Limited Guaranty. The liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the amount of the Obligations due to the Creditor.

3.Waivers by Guarantor; Creditors Freedom to Act. The Guarantor hereby agrees that the Obligations will be paid and performed strictly in accordance with their terms regardless of any law, regulation
or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Creditor with respect thereto. The Guarantor waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of acceptance, notice of Obligations incurred and
all other notices of any kind, all defenses that may be available by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium law or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, any right to require the marshalling of assets of the Debtor, and all suretyship
defenses generally. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guarantor agrees to the provisions of any instrument evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligation and agrees that the obligations of the
Guarantor hereunder shall not be released or discharged, in whole or in part, or otherwise affected by (i) the failure of the Creditor to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Debtor; (ii) any extensions or
renewals of, or alteration of the terms of, any Obligation or any portion thereof unless entered into by the Debtor; (iii) any rescissions, waivers, amendments or modifications of any of the terms or provisions of any agreement evidencing,
securing or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligation unless entered into by the Debtor; (iv) the substitution or release of any entity primarily or secondarily liable for any Obligation; (v) the adequacy of any rights the Creditor
may have against any collateral or other means of obtaining payment or performance of the Obligations; (vi) the impairment of any collateral securing the Obligations, including without limitation the failure to perfect or preserve any rights
the Creditor might have in such collateral or the substitution, exchange, surrender, release, loss or destruction of any such collateral; (vii) the failure to obtain or maintain a right of contribution for the benefit of the Guarantor; (viii)
errors or omissions in connection with the Creditors administration of the Obligations (except behavior constituting bad faith); or (ix) any other act or omission that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Guarantor or
otherwise operate as a release or discharge of the Guarantor (other than payment or performance in full of the Obligations), all of which may be done without notice to the Guarantor.

4.Unenforceability of Obligations Against Debtor. If, for any reason, the Debtor is under no legal obligation to discharge or perform any of the Obligations, or if any of the Obligations have become
irrecoverable from the Debtor by operation of law or for any other reason (other than payment or performance in full of the Obligations), this Guaranty shall nevertheless be binding on the Guarantor to the same extent as if the Guarantor at all
times had been the principal obligor on all such Obligations. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of the Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Debtor, or for any other reason, all
such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligation shall be immediately due and payable by the Guarantor.

5.Subrogation; Subordination. Until the payment and performance in full of all Obligations, the Guarantor shall not exercise any rights against the Debtor arising as a result of payment by
the Guarantor hereunder, by way of subrogation or otherwise, and will not prove any claim in competition with the Creditor in respect of any payment hereunder in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings of any nature; the Guarantor will not claim
any setoff or counterclaim against the Debtor in respect of any liability of the Guarantor to the Debtor; and the Guarantor waives any benefit of and any right to participate in any collateral that may be held by the Creditor. The payment of
any amounts due with respect to any indebtedness of the Debtor now or hereafter held by the Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the prior payment in full of the Obligations. The Guarantor agrees that after the occurrence of any default in the
payment or performance of the Obligations, the Guarantor will not demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness of the Debtor to the Guarantor until the Obligations shall have been paid or performed in full. If,
notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Guarantor shall collect, enforce or receive any amounts in respect of such indebtedness, such amounts shall be collected, enforced and received by the Guarantor as trustee for the Creditor and be paid
over to the Creditor on account of the Obligations without affecting in any manner the liability of the Guarantor under the other provisions of this Guaranty.

2

7.Termination; Reinstatement. This Guaranty is irrevocable and shall continue until such time as the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid or performed in full. This Guaranty shall be reinstated if
at any time any payment made or value received with respect to an Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Creditor upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Debtor, or otherwise, all as though such payment
had not been made or value received.

8.Successors and Assigns. This Guaranty shall be binding upon the Guarantor, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Creditor and the Creditors
shareholders, officers, directors, agents, successors and assigns.

9.Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty nor consent to any departure by the Guarantor therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and
signed by the Guarantor and the Creditor. No failure on the part of the Creditor to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.

10.Notices. All notices and other communications called for hereunder to the Creditor or the Debtor shall be made in writing as provided in the Agreement. All notices and other communications called for
hereunder to the Guarantor shall be made in writing as provided on Schedule I attached hereto or as the Guarantor may otherwise notify the Creditor.

11.Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Guaranty is intended to take effect as a sealed instrument and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York
(excluding the laws applicable to conflicts or choice of law). The Guarantor agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Guaranty may be brought in the courts of the State of New York, New York County and consents to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of such court and to service of process in any such suits being made upon the Guarantor by mail at the address set forth at the head of this Guaranty. The Guarantor hereby waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the venue of any such suit or any such court or that such suit was brought in an inconvenient court.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank. Signature page follows.]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be executed and delivered as a sealed instrument as of the date appearing on page one.

INNVENTURE LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

4

Schedule I

The Guarantor

Innventure LLC

6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Orlando, FL 32827

Attention: Suzanne Niemeyer, General Counsel

Telephone: (610) 996-1767

E-Mail: legalnotices@innventure.com

With copy to:

Jones Day

1221 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 400

Atlanta, GA 30361

Attention: Joel T. May, Esq.

Telephone: (404) 581-8967

E-Mail: jtmay@jonesday.com

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ef20045913_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [__], 2025, is made by and between YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (the Investor), and INNVENTURE, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company). The Investor and
the Company may be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS:

A.In connection with the Securities
Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto of even date herewith (the Securities Purchase Agreement),
the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to the Investor up to $30,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of convertible debentures (the Convertible Debentures), which shall be convertible into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Common Shares)

(as converted, the Conversion Shares). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

B.Pursuant to the terms of, and in
consideration for the Investor entering into, and to induce the Investor to execute and deliver the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws and other rights as provided for
herein.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

(b)Effectiveness Deadline means, (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(b), the earlier of the earlier of (A) the 60th calendar day following the filing date
thereof and (B) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (ii) with
respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of the (A) 75th calendar day following the date on which the Company was required to file such additional
Registration Statement and (B) no later than the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to
further review.

(c)Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(d)Filing Deadline means, (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a), the 15th calendar day following the date the Company files its Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2024, and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the date on which the Company was required to file such additional
Registration Statement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(e)Person means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

(f)Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by
a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including posteffective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

(g)Registrable Securities means all of (i) the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures, (ii) the additional shares issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions of the Convertible
Debentures (without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Convertible Debentures) and (iv) any Common Shares issued or issuable with respect to any shares described in subsections (i) and (ii) above by way of any stock
split, stock dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event or otherwise (in each case without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Convertible Debentures).

(h)Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed pursuant to this Agreement, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement or Prospectus, including
post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

2

(i)Required Registration Amount means(i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement at least such number of Registrable Securities
determined as of date the Registration Statement is initially filed with the SEC, and (ii) with respect to subsequent Registration Statements such number of Registrable Securities determined as of date the subsequent Registration Statement is
initially filed with the SEC (that are not already subject to an effective Registration Statement), in each case subject to any cutback set forth in Section 2(d).

(j) Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto.

(k)Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same
purpose and effect as such Rule.

(l)SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency administering the Securities Act and the Exchange Act at the time.

(m)Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals above.

(n)SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly available written or oral guidance of the SEC staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the SEC staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2.REGISTRATION.

(a)Registration Period. The Companys registration obligations set forth in this Section 2, including its obligations to file Registration Statements, obtain effectiveness of Registration Statements, and maintain the
continuous effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective shall begin on the date hereof and continue until all the Registrable Securities have been sold or may be sold without any restrictions pursuant to Rule
144, as such rule applies to non-affiliates, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and reasonably acceptable to the Companys transfer agent (the Registration Period).

(b)Mandatory Registration. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall (i) on or prior to the Filing Deadline, prepare and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement on Form S-3 (or,
if the Company is not then eligible, on Form S-1) or any successor form thereto covering the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities, and (ii) on or prior to the 30th calendar day following receipt of each written notice by the
Investor (a Demand Notice) delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, prepare and file an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities
not covered by the initial Registration Statement. Each Registration Statement prepared pursuant hereto shall register for resale at least the number of Common Shares equal to the Required Registration Amount as of date the Registration
Statement is initially filed with the SEC. Each Registration Statement shall contain Selling Stockholders and Plan of Distribution
sections. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have each Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline. By 9:30 am, New York time on the
Business Day following the date of effectiveness, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424 under the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration Statement. Prior
to the filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC, the Company shall furnish a draft of the Registration Statement to the Investor for their review and comment. The Investor shall furnish comments on the Registration Statement to the
Company within 24 hours of the receipt thereof from the Company. For the purposes hereof, the Investor shall be entitled to deliver a Demand Notice to the Company at any time during the Registration Period if at such time (i) no Registration
Statement is then in effect which the Investor may use to resell Registrable Securities, or (ii) a Registration Statement is effective, but the number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures exceeds the number of
Common Shares registered on such Registration Statement.

3

(c)Amendments and Supplements. During the Registration Period, the Company shall (i) promptly prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement
and the Prospectus used in connection with a Registration Statement, which Prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times
during the Registration Period, (ii) prepare and file with the SEC additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
(iii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (iv) respond as promptly as
reasonably practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto; and (v) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable
Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set
forth in such Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 2(c)) by reason of the Companys filing a
report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act, the Company shall incorporate such report by reference into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or
supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement.

(d)Reduction of Registrable Securities Included in a Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event that the SEC requires the Company to reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be
included in a Registration Statement in order to allow the Company to rely on Rule 415 with respect to a Registration Statement, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement (which may be a subsequent
Registration Statement if the Company needs to withdraw a Registration Statement and refile a new Registration Statement in order to rely on Rule 415) only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities as the SEC shall permit. Any
Registrable Securities that are excluded in accordance with the foregoing terms are hereinafter referred to as Cut Back Securities. To the extent Cut Back Securities exist, promptly
following such time as may be permitted by the SEC, the Company shall be required to file a Registration Statement covering the resale of the Cut Back Securities (subject also to the terms of this Section) and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective as promptly as practicable thereafter, but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, the Company shall be obligated to
use diligent efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. Unless otherwise
directed in writing by a holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows: (i) first, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities
to be included other than Registrable Securities; and (ii) second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities on a pro rata basis based on the total number of Registrable Securities held by such holders (or as otherwise expressly directed
by the SEC).

4

(e)Piggy-Back Registrations. If at any time there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company proposes to register the offer and sale of any of its Common Shares
under the Securities Act (other than a registration (i) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 ((or other registration solely relating to an offering or sale to
employees or directors of the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement), (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the
Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), or (iii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Company and the form of
Registration Statement to be used may be used for any registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall give prompt written notice (in any event no later than
five days prior to the filing of such Registration Statement) to the holders of Registrable Securities of its intention to effect such a registration and, shall include in such registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the
Company has received written requests for inclusion from the holders of Registrable Securities; provided, however,
that, the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(f) that have been sold or may be sold without any restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, as such rule applies to non-affiliates, as determined
by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Companys transfer agent.

3.RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

(a)The Company shall, not less than
three Business Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one Business Day prior to the filing of any related amendments and supplements to all Registration Statements (except for annual reports on Form 10-K,
supplements and amendments to update the Registration Statement solely for information reflected in the Companys annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K), furnish to each Investor copies of
all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the reasonable and prompt review of such Investor. The Company shall not file a Registration
Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Investor shall reasonably object in good faith; provided that, the Company is
notified of such objection in writing no later than 24 hours after the Investor has been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement.

5

(b)The Company shall furnish to each
Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement, without charge, (i) an electronic copy of such Registration Statement as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial
statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) an electronic copy of the final prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements
thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, which are not publicly available through EDGAR, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate
the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor.

(c)The Company shall use its best efforts
to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in
those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other
actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for
sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(c), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The
Company shall promptly notify each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale
under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(d)At any time prior to the end of the
Registration Period, as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or development, the Company shall notify each Investor in writing of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in a Registration
Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain any material, nonpublic information), and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and
deliver ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to the Investor. The Company shall also promptly notify each Investor in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or
supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate. The Company shall respond
as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto.

6

(e)The Company shall use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction within the United
States of America and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify each Investor who holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of
such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(f)The Company shall hold in confidence
and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is
necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent
jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement. The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such
information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors expense, to undertake
appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

(g)The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section
3(g).

(h)The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be sold
pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of Common Shares and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request a reasonable
period of time prior to sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule; provided, that the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of
The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

(i)The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

(j)The Company shall otherwise use its
reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.

7

(k)Within one Business Day after a
Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies
to the Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

(l)The Company shall take all other
reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by each Investor of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

4.OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

(a)The Investor agrees that, upon
receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such
Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(d) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
subject to compliance with the securities laws, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended certificates for Common Shares to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in
connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in
Section 3(d) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

(b)The Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

5.EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, all expenses incurred by the Company in complying with its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the registration and disposition of Registrable Securities shall be paid by the Company,
including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers expenses, and fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants (except legal fees of Investors
counsel associated with the review of the Registration Statement). The Investor shall pay any sales or brokerage commissions and fees and expenses of counsel for, and other expenses of, the Investor incurred in connection with registration of
Registrable Securities.

6.INDEMNIFICATION.

With respect to Registrable Securities which are included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement:

8

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by
law, the Company shall, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each Person, if any, who controls any Investor within the meaning of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys
fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding,
investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto
(Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the
securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company
files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements
therein were made, not misleading; or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation there under
relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations).

The Company shall reimburse the Investor and each such controlling person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any legal fees or disbursements or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with
investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (x) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based
upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto; (y) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was
timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(b); and (z) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person.

9

(b)In connection with a Registration
Statement, the Investor agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers, employees, representatives, or agents
and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages
to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or is based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that
such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 6(d), such Investor will
reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to
contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided,
further, however, that the Investor shall be liable under this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result of the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant
to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the prospectus was corrected and
such new prospectus was delivered to each Investor prior to such Investors use of the prospectus to which the Claim relates.

(c)Promptly after receipt by an
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a
Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and,
to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or
the Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of not more than one (1) counsel for such Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party
would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall
cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with
respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or
condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as
an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder,
the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to
deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6,
except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

10

(d)The indemnification required by this
Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

(e)The indemnity agreements contained
herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the
law.

7.CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall
be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.REPORTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT.

With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any similar rule or regulation of
the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration, and as a material inducement to the Investors purchase of the Convertible Debentures, the Company represents, warrants, and
covenants to the following:

(a)The Company is subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months prior to the date hereof (or for such shorter period that the Company was
required to file such reports), other than Form 8-K reports.

(b)The Company shall furnish to the
Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) to the extent it is in compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting
requirements of Rule 144, and (ii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

11

9.AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9 shall be binding upon the Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective
to the extent that it applies to fewer than all of the holders of the Registrable Securities. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement unless
the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

10.MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)A Person is deemed to be a holder
of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities or owns the right to receive the Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from
two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b)The Company shall not file any other
registration statements on Form S-3, Form S-1, or otherwise until the initial Registration Statement required hereunder is declared effective by the SEC, provided that this Section 10(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to
registration statements already filed. The Company shall not include any other securities on a Registration Statement unless otherwise agreed by the Investor.

(c)Any notices, consents, waivers or
other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered pursuant to the notice provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement or to such other
address and/or electronic mail address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation
of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) electronically generated by the senders email service provider containing the time, date, and recipient email or (C) provided by a courier or
overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with this section.

(d)Failure of any party to exercise any
right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

12

(e)The laws of the State of New York
shall govern all issues concerning the relative rights of the Company and the Investor. All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and federal courts for the Southern District of New York sitting New
York, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any
provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(f)This Agreement and the rights,
duties and obligations of the Investor hereunder may only be assigned upon the transfer of a Convertible Debenture or the Conversion Shares issued pursuant to a Convertible Debenture pursuant to the terms and restrictions on transfer set forth
in the Securities Purchase Agreement and the applicable Convertible Debenture. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of
the parties. No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (A) written notice of such assignment and (B)
the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement).

(g)The headings in this Agreement are
for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

(h)This Agreement may be executed in
identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and
delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), including
by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of this Agreement.

13

(i)Each party shall do and perform, or
cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j)The language used in this Agreement
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

(k)This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Investor and the Company have caused their signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

INNVENTURE, INC.

By:

Name:

Title:

INVESTOR:

YA II PN, Ltd.

By:Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

Its:Investment Manager

By:Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Its:General Partner

By:

Name:

Title:

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>inv-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>inv-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>inv-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42303

Entity Registrant Name Innventure, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002001557

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-4440048

Entity Address, Address Line One 6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Orlando

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32827

City Area Code 321

Local Phone Number 209-6787

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol INV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://innventure.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20045913_8k.htm 
inv-20250325.xsd 
inv-20250325_lab.xml 
inv-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-010344-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ef20045913_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002001557 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

false 
0002001557 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
Innventure, Inc. 
DE 
001-42303 
93-4440048 
6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400 
Orlando 
FL 
32827 
321 
209-6787 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
INV 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>