<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-028292.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-028292.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326172337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-028292
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001182534
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000833733
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002054483
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-269194-04
		FILM NUMBER:		25774361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1950 OPPORTUNITY WAY, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 251-5181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1950 OPPORTUNITY WAY, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001182534
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		EIN:				113650483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-99199
		FILM NUMBER:		25774362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1950 OPPORTUNITY WAY, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 251-5181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1950 OPPORTUNITY WAY, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020823
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report Pursuant

to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 25, 2025

Volkswagen Auto
Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1

(Issuing Entity)

Central Index Key Number: 0002054483

Volkswagen Auto
Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC

(Depositor)

Central Index Key Number: 0001182534

VW Credit, Inc.

(Sponsor)

Central Index Key Number: 0000833733

(Exact Names of Issuing Entity, Depositor/Registrant
and Sponsor as Specified in their respective Charters)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

333-269194

333-269194-04 

11-3650483

(Commission File Numbers) (Registrants I.R.S. Employer Identification Nos.)

1950 Opportunity Way, Suite
1500

Reston, Virginia 

20190

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(703) 364-7000

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerginggrowth
company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

In connection with the sale of the Class A-1,
Class A-2-A, Class A-2-B, Class A-3 and Class A-4 Asset Backed Notes (collectively, the Notes) of Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced
Trust 2025-1 (the Issuing Entity), which are described in the Final Prospectus dated March 18, 2025, and which were issued
on March 25, 2025 (the Closing Date), the Registrant is filing the agreements listed below, each dated as of the Closing
Date. The Notes have an aggregate initial principal amount of $1,250,000,000.

1. Purchase Agreement, between VW Credit, Inc. (VCI)
and Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC (VALU Funding), pursuant to which VCI transferred to VALU Funding
certain motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts and/or installment loans that are secured by new and used automobiles and sport
utility vehicles (the Receivables) and related property.

2. Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, by and between VALU
Funding and U.S. Bank Trust National Association (the Owner Trustee) which amended and restated the trust agreement pursuant
to which Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1 (the Issuing Entity) was created.

3. Sale and Servicing Agreement, by and among the Issuing
Entity, VALU Funding, as seller, VCI, as servicer, and Citibank, N.A. (the Indenture Trustee), pursuant to which the Receivables
and related property were transferred to the Issuing Entity.

4. Indenture, by and between the Issuing Entity and the Indenture
Trustee, pursuant to which the Notes were issued.

5. Administration Agreement, by and among the Issuing Entity,
VCI, as administrator, and the Indenture Trustee, relating to the provision by VCI of certain services relating to the Issuing Entity
and the Notes.

6. Asset Representations Review Agreement among the Issuing
Entity, VCI, as servicer, and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer, relating to the review of certain
representations relating to the Receivables.

The Notes have been registered pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, under a Registration Statement on Form SF-3 (Commission File No. 333-269194).

Attached as Exhibit 4.1 is the Indenture,
as Exhibit 10.1 is the Purchase Agreement, as Exhibit 10.2 is the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as Exhibit 10.3
is the Administration Agreement, as Exhibit 10.4 is the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, and as Exhibit 10.5 is the Asset Representations
Review Agreement.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Not applicable.

(b) Not applicable.

(c) Not applicable.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Document Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2025, between the Issuing Entity and the Indenture Trustee.

10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, between VCI and VALU Funding.

10.2 Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, among the Issuing Entity, VALU Funding, VCI and the Indenture Trustee.

10.3 Administration Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, among the Issuing Entity, VCI as administrator, and the Indenture Trustee.

10.4 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, between VALU Funding and the Owner Trustee.

10.5 Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, among the Issuing Entity, VCI, as servicer, and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 26, 2025 VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC

By: /s/ Garrett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: 

President and Head of Securitization

By: 

/s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

Class A-1 4.451% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes

Class A-2-A 4.51% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes

Class A-2-B SOFR Rate + 0.44% Auto Loan Asset
Backed Notes

Class A-3 4.50% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes

Class A-4 4.61% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 25, 2025

Citibank, N.A.,

as the Indenture Trustee

2025-1 Indenture

CROSS REFERENCE TABLE1

TIA

Section Indenture

Section

310 (a) (1) 6.11

(a) (2) 6.11

(a) (3) 6.10; 6.11

(a) (4) N.A.2

(a) (5) 6.11

(b) 6.8; 6.11

(c) N.A.

311 (a) 6.12

(b) 6.12

(c) N.A.

312 (a) 7.1

(b) 7.2

(c) 7.2

313 (a) 7.3

(b) (1) 7.3

(b) (2) 7.3

(c) 7.3

(d) 7.3

314 (a) 3.9

(b) 3.6; 11.15

(c) (1) 11.15

(c) (2) 11.1

(c) (3) 11.1

(d) 11.1

(e) 11.1

(f) N.A.

315 (a) 6.1(b)

(b) 6.5

(c) 6.1(a)

(d) 6.1(c)

(e) 5.13

316 (a) (1) (A) 5.11

(a) (1) (B) 5.12

(a) (2) N.A.

(b) 5.7

(c) 5.6(b)

317 (a) (1) 5.3(b)

(a) (2) 5.3(d)

(b) 3.3(c)

318 (a) 11.7

1 Note:
This Cross Reference Table shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of this Indenture.

2 
N.A. means Not Applicable.

2025-1 Indenture

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 2

SECTION 1.1 Definitions 2

SECTION 1.2 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 2

SECTION 1.3 Other Interpretive Provisions 2

ARTICLE II THE NOTES 3

SECTION 2.1 Form 3

SECTION 2.2 Execution, Authentication and Delivery 3

SECTION 2.3 Temporary Notes 4

SECTION 2.4 Registration of Transfer and Exchange 4

SECTION 2.5 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 6

SECTION 2.6 Persons Deemed Owners 7

SECTION 2.7 Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest 7

SECTION 2.8 Cancellation 8

SECTION 2.9 Release of Collateral 8

SECTION 2.10 Book-Entry Notes 8

SECTION 2.11 Notices to Clearing Agency 9

SECTION 2.12 Definitive Notes 9

SECTION 2.13 Authenticating Agents 10

SECTION 2.14 Tax Treatment 10

ARTICLE III COVENANTS 11

SECTION 3.1 Payment of Principal and Interest; Determination of the SOFR Rate; Benchmark Replacement 11

SECTION 3.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 13

SECTION 3.3 Money for Payments To Be Held in Trust 14

SECTION 3.4 Existence 15

SECTION 3.5 Protection of Collateral 15

SECTION 3.6 Opinions as to Collateral 16

SECTION 3.7 Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables 17

SECTION 3.8 Negative Covenants 17

SECTION 3.9 Annual Compliance Statement 18

SECTION 3.10 Restrictions on Certain Other Activities 19

SECTION 3.11 Restricted Payments 19

SECTION 3.12 Notice of Events of Default 19

i 2025-1 Indenture

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(Continued)

Page

SECTION 3.13 Further Instruments and Acts 19

SECTION 3.14 Compliance with Laws 19

SECTION 3.15 Removal of Administrator 20

SECTION 3.16 Perfection Representations, Warranties and Covenants 20

SECTION 3.17 Tax Information 20

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 20

SECTION 4.1 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 20

SECTION 4.2 Application of Trust Money 21

SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Monies Held by Paying Agent 21

ARTICLE V EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 21

SECTION 5.1 Events of Default 21

SECTION 5.2 Acceleration of Maturity; Waiver of Event of Default 22

SECTION 5.3 Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by the Indenture Trustee 23

SECTION 5.4 Remedies; Priorities 25

SECTION 5.5 Optional Preservation of the Collateral 27

SECTION 5.6 Limitation of Suits 27

SECTION 5.7 Rights of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest 28

SECTION 5.8 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 28

SECTION 5.9 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 28

SECTION 5.10 Delay or Omission Not a Waiver 29

SECTION 5.11 Control by Noteholders 29

SECTION 5.12 Waiver of Past Defaults 29

SECTION 5.13 Undertaking for Costs 30

SECTION 5.14 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 30

SECTION 5.15 Action on Notes 30

SECTION 5.16 Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations 31

SECTION 5.17 Sale of Collateral 31

ARTICLE VI THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE 32

SECTION 6.1 Duties of the Indenture Trustee 32

SECTION 6.2 Rights of the Indenture Trustee 33

SECTION 6.3 Individual Rights of the Indenture Trustee 35

ii 2025-1 Indenture

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(Continued)

Page

SECTION 6.4 The Indenture Trustees Disclaimer 35

SECTION 6.5 Notice of Defaults 35

SECTION 6.6 Reports by the Indenture Trustee to Noteholders 35

SECTION 6.7 Compensation and Indemnity 35

SECTION 6.8 Removal, Resignation and Replacement of the Indenture Trustee 36

SECTION 6.9 Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger 37

SECTION 6.10 Appointment of Co-Indenture Trustee or Separate Indenture Trustee 38

SECTION 6.11 Eligibility; Disqualification 39

SECTION 6.12 Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuer 39

SECTION 6.13 Representations and Warranties 39

ARTICLE VII NOTEHOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS 39

SECTION 7.1 The Issuer to Furnish the Indenture Trustee Names and Addresses of Noteholders 39

SECTION 7.2 Preservation of Information; Communications to Noteholders 39

SECTION 7.3 Reports by the Indenture Trustee 40

SECTION 7.4 Noteholder Demand for Repurchase; Dispute Resolution 40

SECTION 7.5 Asset Review Voting 41

ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTS, DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES 42

SECTION 8.1 Collection of Money 42

SECTION 8.2 Trust Accounts 42

SECTION 8.3 General Provisions Regarding Accounts 43

SECTION 8.4 Release of Collateral 43

SECTION 8.5 Opinion of Counsel 44

ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 44

SECTION 9.1 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders 44

SECTION 9.2 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 46

SECTION 9.3 Execution of Supplemental Indentures 47

SECTION 9.4 Effect of Supplemental Indenture 47

SECTION 9.5 Conformity With Trust Indenture Act 47

SECTION 9.6 Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 47

iii 2025-1 Indenture

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(Continued)

Page

ARTICLE X REDEMPTION OF NOTES 48

SECTION 10.1 Redemption 48

SECTION 10.2 Form of Redemption Notice 48

SECTION 10.3 Notes Payable on Redemption Date 49

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 49

SECTION 11.1 Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc 49

SECTION 11.2 Form of Documents Delivered to the Indenture Trustee 51

SECTION 11.3 Acts of Noteholders 51

SECTION 11.4 Notices 52

SECTION 11.5 Notices to Noteholders; Waiver 52

SECTION 11.6 Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions 52

SECTION 11.7 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 53

SECTION 11.8 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 53

SECTION 11.9 Successors and Assigns 53

SECTION 11.10 Severability 53

SECTION 11.11 Benefits of Indenture 53

SECTION 11.12 Legal Holidays 53

SECTION 11.13 Governing Law 53

SECTION 11.14 Counterparts 53

SECTION 11.15 Recording of Indenture 54

SECTION 11.16 Trust Obligation 54

SECTION 11.17 No Petition 54

SECTION 11.18 Intent. 54

SECTION 11.19 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 55

SECTION 11.20 Subordination of Claims 56

SECTION 11.21 Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 56

SECTION 11.22 Information Requests 57

SECTION 11.23 Electronic Signatures and Transmission 57

Schedule I Perfection Representations,
Warranties and Covenants

Exhibit A Forms of Notes

iv 2025-1 Indenture

This INDENTURE, dated
as of March 25, 2025 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, this Indenture), is between VOLKSWAGEN
AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), and Citibank, N.A., a national banking
association, solely as trustee and not in its individual capacity (the Indenture Trustee).

Each party agrees as follows
for the benefit of the other party and the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Issuers Class A-1 4.451% Auto
Loan Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), Class A-2-A 4.51% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A
Notes), Class A-2-B SOFR Rate + 0.44% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B Notes and,
together with the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2 Notes), Class A-3 4.50% Auto Loan Asset Backed
Notes (the Class A-3 Notes) and the Class A-4 4.61% Auto Loan Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4
Notes; and, together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-3 Notes, the Notes).

GRANTING CLAUSE

The Issuer, to secure the
payment of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes, equally and ratably without prejudice,
priority or distinction except as set forth herein, and to secure compliance with the provisions of this Indenture, hereby Grants in
trust to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date, as trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, all of the Issuers right, title
and interest, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in, to and under (i) the Trust Estate and (ii) all present and future
claims, demands, causes and choses in action in respect of any or all of the Trust Estate and all payments on or under and all proceeds
of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the Trust Estate, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary
or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel
paper, checks, deposit accounts, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind and other forms of
obligations and receivables, instruments, securities, financial assets and other property which at any time constitute all or part of
or are included in the proceeds of any of the Trust Estate (collectively, the Collateral).

The Indenture Trustee, on
behalf of the Noteholders, acknowledges the foregoing Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties
required in this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

The foregoing Grant is made
in trust to secure (i) the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes, equally
and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction except as set forth herein and (ii) compliance with the provisions of this
Indenture, each as provided in this Indenture.

Without limiting the foregoing
Grant, any Receivable purchased by the Seller or the Servicer pursuant to Section 2.4 or Section 3.6, respectively,
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically released from the lien of this Indenture without any action being
taken by the Indenture Trustee upon payment by the Seller or the Servicer, as applicable, of the related Repurchase Price for such Repurchased
Receivable.

2025-1 Indenture

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

SECTION 1.1 Definitions.
Capitalized terms are used in this Indenture as defined in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among
Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, as Seller, the Issuer, VW Credit, Inc., as Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 1.2 Incorporation
by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference
in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

indenture securities
means the Notes.

indenture security
holder means a Noteholder.

indenture to be
qualified means this Indenture.

indenture trustee
or institutional trustee means the Indenture Trustee.

obligor
on the indenture securities means the Issuer and any other obligor on the indenture securities.

All other TIA terms used
in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by Commission rule have the
meaning assigned to them by such definitions.

SECTION 1.3 Other
Interpretive Provisions. All terms defined in this Indenture shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other
document delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Indenture and all such certificates and other
documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) accounting terms not otherwise defined in this Indenture, and accounting terms
partly defined in this Indenture to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP (provided,
that, to the extent that the definitions in this Indenture and GAAP conflict, the definitions in this Indenture shall control); terms
defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction and not otherwise defined in this Indenture are used as
defined in that Article; (b) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar
import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Indenture; (c) references to any Article,
Section, Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules, Appendices and Exhibits in or to this Indenture
and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph,
subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (d) the term including and all variations
thereof means including without limitation; (e) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, references to any law
or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and include any successor law or regulation; and (f) references
to any Person include that Persons successors and assigns.

2 2025-1 Indenture

ARTICLE II

THE
NOTES

SECTION 2.1 Form.
The Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class A-3 Notes and Class A-4 Notes, in each case together with the Indenture
Trustees certificate of authentication, shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto, with such
appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture and may have such
letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined
by the officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Any portion of the text of any Note may be set forth
on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Note.

Each Note shall be dated
the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibit A hereto are part of the terms of this Indenture.

SECTION 2.2 Execution,
Authentication and Delivery. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its Authorized Officers. The signature
of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or electronic.

Notes bearing the manual
or electronic signature of individuals who were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding
that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not
hold such offices at the date of such Notes.

The Indenture Trustee shall,
upon Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver Class A-1 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $257,000,000,
Class A-2-A Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $229,500,000, Class A-2-B Notes for original issue
in an aggregate principal amount of $229,500,000, Class A-3 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $459,000,000,
and Class A-4 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $75,000,000. The Note Balance of Class A-1 Notes,
Class A-2 Notes, Class A-3 Notes and Class A-4 Notes Outstanding at any time may not exceed such amounts except as provided
in Section 2.5.

Each Note shall be dated
the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be issuable as registered Notes in the minimum denomination of $1,000 and in integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (except for one Note of each Class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral
multiple of $1,000).

No Note shall be entitled
to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication
substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual or electronic signature of one of its authorized
signatories, and such certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated
and delivered hereunder.

3 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 2.3 Temporary
Notes. Pending the preparation of Definitive Notes, the Issuer may execute, and upon receipt of an Issuer Order, the Indenture Trustee
shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Notes which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, of
the tenor of the Definitive Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such variations not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture
as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

If temporary Notes are issued,
the Issuer shall cause Definitive Notes to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of Definitive Notes, the temporary
Notes shall be exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained
as provided in Section 3.2, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes,
the Issuer shall execute and the Indenture Trustee upon Issuer Order shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a like principal
amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to
the same benefits under this Indenture as Definitive Notes.

SECTION 2.4 Registration
of Transfer and Exchange. The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register (the Note Register) in which, subject
to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Issuer shall provide for the registration of Notes and the registration of transfers
of Notes. The Indenture Trustee shall initially be Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of
Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation of any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor or, if it elects
not to make such an appointment, assume the duties of Note Registrar.

If a Person other than the
Indenture Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as Note Registrar, the Issuer shall give the Indenture Trustee prompt written notice of
the appointment of such Note Registrar and of the location, and any change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Indenture Trustee
shall have the right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies thereof, and the Indenture Trustee shall
have the right to conclusively rely upon a certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by a Responsible Officer thereof as to
the names and addresses of the Noteholders and the principal amounts and number of such Notes.

Upon surrender for registration
of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.2, if the requirements
of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute and upon its written request the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate
and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
Notes, in any authorized denominations, of the same Class and a like aggregate outstanding principal amount.

At the option of the related
Noteholder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes in any authorized denominations, of the same Class and a like aggregate outstanding
principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange,
if the requirements of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met the Issuer shall execute and, upon Issuer Request, the Indenture Trustee
shall authenticate and the related Noteholder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, the Notes which the Noteholder making the exchange
is entitled to receive.

4 2025-1 Indenture

All Notes issued upon any
registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to
the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

Every Note presented or surrendered
for registration of transfer or exchange shall be (i) duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by, a written instrument of transfer in
form and substance satisfactory to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee duly executed by the Noteholder thereof or its attorney-in-fact
duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible grantor institution meeting the requirements
of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or participation in a Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (Stamp)
or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution
for, Stamp, all in accordance with the Exchange Act and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Indenture Trustee may require,
including but not limited to the applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or W-9.

No service charge shall be
made to a Noteholder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Indenture Trustee or Note Registrar may require payment
of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer
or exchange of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.3 or Section 9.6 not involving any transfer.

The preceding provisions
of this Section notwithstanding, the Issuer shall not be required to make and the Note Registrar need not register transfers or
exchanges of any Notes selected for redemption or of any Note for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any payment with respect
to such Note.

By acquiring a Note (or any
interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and its fiduciary, if applicable) shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either
(a) it is not acquiring and will not hold such Note (or any interest therein) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or any
plan or retirement arrangement subject to a law that is substantially similar to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law); or (b) (i) such Note is rated at least BBB-
or its equivalent by a Rating Agency at the time of purchase or transfer and (ii) the acquisition, holding and disposition of the
Note (or any interest therein) will not give rise to a nonexempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code or a violation of any Similar Law.

The Indenture Trustee shall
have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture
or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

5 2025-1 Indenture

Any Notes beneficially owned
by the Issuer or a Person which is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal income tax purposes may not be
transferred to another Person (other than a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal income
tax purposes) unless the Administrator shall cause an Opinion of Counsel to be delivered to the Seller and the Indenture Trustee prior
to and in connection with such transfer that (x) such Notes will be debt for United States federal income tax purposes or alternatively
that (y) the sale of such Notes to a Person unrelated to the Issuer or Seller shall not cause the Issuer to be treated as an association
or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. With respect to any transfer for which the Opinion of Counsel provided pursuant
to the preceding sentence is as described in clause (y), unless an Opinion of Counsel also provided that such Notes will be debt for
United States federal income tax purposes, (i) the sale or transfer of such Notes must be to a Person who is a U.S. Tax Person,
(ii) the transferee of such Notes shall be required to provide to the Indenture Trustee and Seller a certification of non-foreign
status, in such form as may be requested by the Seller or the Indenture Trustee (e.g., IRS Form W-9), signed under penalties
of perjury (and such other certification, representations or opinion of counsel as may be requested by the Seller or the Indenture Trustee)
and (iii) by acquiring such Note, the transferee shall be deemed to represent and warrant that it is a Person who is a U.S. Tax
Person. In addition, if for tax or other reasons it may be necessary to track such Notes (e.g., if the Notes have original issue discount),
tracking conditions such as requiring that such Notes be in definitive registered form may be required by the Administrator as a condition
to such transfer.

SECTION 2.5 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. If (i) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee, or the Indenture Trustee
receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note and (ii) there is delivered to the Indenture
Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by it to hold the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless, then, in the absence
of notice to the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser
(as contemplated by Article 8 of the UCC), and provided, that the requirements of Section 8-405 of the UCC are met,
the Issuer shall execute and upon its written request the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu
of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a replacement Note; provided, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become or within seven days shall be due and payable, or shall have been called for redemption,
instead of issuing a replacement Note, the Issuer may upon delivery of the security or indemnity herein required pay such destroyed,
lost or stolen Note when so due or payable or upon the Redemption Date without surrender thereof. If, after the delivery of such replacement
Note or payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser
(as contemplated by Article 8 of the UCC) of the original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued presents for payment
such original Note, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the
Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking such replacement Note from such Person to whom such replacement Note was delivered
or any assignee of such Person, except a protected purchaser (as contemplated by Article 8 of the UCC), and shall
be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by
the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith.

6 2025-1 Indenture

Upon the issuance of any
replacement Note under this Section 2.5, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may require the payment by the Noteholder of
a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other reasonable expenses
(including the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee or the Note Registrar) connected therewith.

Every replacement Note issued
pursuant to this Section 2.5 in replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original
additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately
with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 2.5
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment
of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

SECTION 2.6 Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered (as of the day of determination) as
the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and interest, if any, on such Note and for all other purposes
whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

SECTION 2.7 Payment
of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest.

(a) Each Note shall
accrue interest at its respective Interest Rate, and such interest shall be payable on each Payment Date as specified therein, subject
to Sections 3.1 and 8.2. Any installment of interest or principal, if any, payable on any Note which is punctually paid
or duly provided for by the Issuer on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note (or one or more
Predecessor Notes) is registered on the Record Date, by check mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to such Persons address as
it appears on the Note Register on such Record Date, except that, unless Definitive Notes have been issued pursuant to Section 2.12,
with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of DTC (initially, such nominee to be Cede &
Co.), payment shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee and except for
the final installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Payment Date or on the Final Scheduled Payment Date for such
Class (and except for the Redemption Price for any Note called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.1) which shall
be payable as provided below. The funds represented by any such checks returned undelivered shall be held in accordance with Section 3.3.

7 2025-1 Indenture

(b) The principal of
each Note shall be payable in installments on each Payment Date as provided in Section 8.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the entire unpaid Note Balance and all accrued interest thereon shall be due and payable, if not previously paid, on the earlier of (i) the
date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of a majority of the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner
provided in Section 5.2 and (ii) with respect to any Class of Notes, on the Final Scheduled Payment Date for that
Class. All principal payments on each Class of Notes shall be made pro rata to the Noteholders of such Class entitled thereto.
The Indenture Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on the Record Date preceding
the Payment Date on which Indenture Trustee expects that the final installment of principal of and interest on such Note will be paid.
Such notice shall be transmitted prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable only
upon presentation and surrender of such Note and shall specify the place where such Note may be presented and surrendered for payment
of such installment. Notices in connection with redemptions of Notes shall be mailed to Noteholders as provided in Section 10.2.

(c) If the Issuer defaults
on a payment of interest on any Class of Notes, the Issuer shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest
to the extent lawful at the applicable Interest Rate for such Class of Notes), which shall be due and payable on the Payment Date
following such default. The Issuer shall pay such defaulted interest to the Persons who are Noteholders on the Record Date for such following
Payment Date.

SECTION 2.8 Cancellation.
All Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any Person other than
the Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer may
at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer
may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee. No Notes
shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this Section, except as expressly permitted by
this Indenture. All cancelled Notes may be held or disposed of by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or
disposal policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer shall direct by an Issuer Order that they be destroyed or returned to it;
provided, that such Issuer Order is timely and that such Notes have not been previously disposed of by the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 2.9 Release
of Collateral. Subject to Section 11.1, the Indenture Trustee shall release property from the lien of this Indenture
only upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and, unless the Notes have
been redeemed in accordance with Section 10.1, Independent Certificates in accordance with TIA Sections 314(c) and
314(d)(1) or an Opinion of Counsel in lieu of such Independent Certificates to the effect that the TIA does not require any such
Independent Certificates. If the Commission shall issue an exemptive order under TIA Section 304(d) modifying the Issuers
obligations under TIA Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1), subject to Section 11.1 and the terms of the Transaction Documents,
the Indenture Trustee shall release property from the lien of this Indenture in accordance with the conditions and procedures set forth
in such exemptive order.

SECTION 2.10 Book-Entry
Notes. The Notes, upon original issuance, shall be issued in the form of typewritten notes representing the Book-Entry Notes, to
be delivered to the Indenture Trustee, as agent for DTC, the initial Clearing Agency, by, or on behalf of, the Issuer. One fully registered
Note shall be issued with respect to each $500 million in principal amount of each Class of Notes and any such lesser amount. Such
Notes shall initially be registered on the Note Register in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of the initial Clearing Agency,
and no Note Owner shall receive a Definitive Note representing such Note Owners interest in such Note, except as provided in Section 2.12.
Unless and until definitive, fully registered Notes (the Definitive Notes) have been issued to Note Owners pursuant
to Section 2.12:

(a) the provisions
of this Section shall be in full force and effect;

8 2025-1 Indenture

(b) the Note Registrar
and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes of this Indenture (including the payment
of principal of and interest on the Notes and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole Noteholders of the Notes,
and shall have no obligation to the Note Owners;

(c) to the extent that
the provisions of this Section conflict with any other provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Section shall control;

(d) the rights of Note
Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and shall be limited to those established by law and agreements between or
among such Note Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants or Persons acting through Clearing Agency Participants.
Pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement, unless and until Definitive Notes are issued pursuant to Section 2.12, the initial
Clearing Agency shall make book-entry transfers among the Clearing Agency Participants and receive and transmit payments of principal
of and interest on the Notes to such Clearing Agency Participants; and

(e) whenever this Indenture
requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instructions or directions of Noteholders evidencing a specified percentage of the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to represent such percentage only
to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from Note Owners and/or Clearing Agency Participants or Persons acting
through Clearing Agency Participants owning or representing, respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the
Notes and has delivered such instructions to the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 2.11 Notices
to Clearing Agency. Whenever a notice or other communication to the Noteholders is required under this Indenture, unless and until
Definitive Notes shall have been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.12, the Indenture Trustee shall give all such
notices and communications specified herein to be given to the Noteholders to the Clearing Agency, and shall have no obligation to the
Note Owners.

SECTION 2.12 Definitive
Notes. If (a) the Administrator advises the Indenture Trustee in writing that the Clearing Agency is no longer willing or able
to properly discharge its responsibilities with respect to the Notes, and the Administrator or the Indenture Trustee is unable to locate
a qualified successor, (b) the Administrator at its option advises the Indenture Trustee in writing that it elects to terminate
the book-entry system through the Clearing Agency or (c) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, Note Owners representing beneficial
interests aggregating at least a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, advise the Indenture
Trustee through the Clearing Agency or its successor in writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through the Clearing Agency
or its successor is no longer in the best interests of the Note Owners, then the Clearing Agency shall notify all Note Owners and the
Indenture Trustee of the occurrence of any such event and of the availability of Definitive Notes to Note Owners requesting the same.
Upon surrender to the Indenture Trustee of the typewritten Note or Notes representing the Book-Entry Notes by the Clearing Agency, accompanied
by registration instructions, the Issuer shall execute and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate the Definitive Notes in accordance
with the instructions of the Clearing Agency. None of the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee shall be liable for any
delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, such instructions. Upon the
issuance of Definitive Notes, the Indenture Trustee shall recognize the Holders of the Definitive Notes as Noteholders.

9 2025-1 Indenture

The Definitive Notes shall
be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved borders),
all as determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
in this Section 2.12, with respect to any Notes retained by the Issuer or a Person which is considered the same Person as
the Issuer for United States federal income tax purposes, as contemplated by the final paragraph of Section 2.4, any Note
required by the Administrator to be in definitive registered form shall be issued as a Definitive Note to the applicable Note Owner prior
to transfer thereof.

SECTION 2.13 Authenticating
Agents. (a) Upon the request of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall, and if the Indenture Trustee so chooses, the Indenture
Trustee may appoint one or more Persons (each, an Authenticating Agent) with power to act on its behalf and subject
to its direction in the authentication of Notes in connection with issuance, transfers and exchanges under Sections 2.2, 2.3,
2.4, 2.5 and 9.6, as fully to all intents and purposes as though each such Authenticating Agent had been expressly
authorized by those Sections to authenticate such Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication of Notes by an Authenticating
Agent pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to be the authentication of Notes by the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture
Trustee shall be the Authenticating Agent in the absence of any appointment thereof.

(b) Any corporation
into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from
any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially
all of the corporate trust business of any Authenticating Agent, shall be the successor of such Authenticating Agent hereunder, without
the execution or filing of any further act on the part of the parties hereto or such Authenticating Agent or such successor corporation.

(c) Any Authenticating
Agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee may
at any time terminate the agency of any Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such Authenticating Agent and
the Issuer. Upon receiving such notice of resignation or upon such termination, the Indenture Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating
Agent and shall give written notice of any such appointment to the Issuer.

(d) The provisions
of Section6.4 shall be applicable to any Authenticating Agent.

SECTION 2.14 Tax
Treatment.

(a) The Issuer has
entered into this Indenture, and the Notes shall be issued, with the intention that, solely for federal, state and local income, franchise
and/or value added tax purposes, the Notes shall qualify as indebtedness secured by the Collateral (other than any Notes that are owned
during any period of time either by the Issuer or by a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal
income tax purposes). The Issuer, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, agree to treat the
Notes for federal, state and local income, franchise and/or value added tax purposes as indebtedness (other than any Notes that are owned
during any period of time either by the Issuer or by a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal
income tax purposes).

10 2025-1 Indenture

(b) On or before the
date on which it acquires a Note (or interest therein) and thereafter promptly upon request, each Noteholder and Note Owner shall provide
to the Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and/or the Issuer (or other person responsible for withholding of taxes) with its Tax Information.
Each Noteholder and Note Owner shall provide such person updated Tax Information if any Tax Information previously delivered expires
or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect. Each Noteholder and Note Owner is deemed to understand that by acceptance of a Note
or interest therein, such Noteholder or Note Owner agrees to supply the foregoing information. Further, each Noteholder and Note Owner
is deemed to understand that the Issuer, Indenture Trustee and Paying Agent have the right to withhold as required on amounts payable
with respect to the Note (without any corresponding gross-up) on any beneficial owner of an interest in a Note that fails to comply with
this Section.

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS

SECTION 3.1 Payment
of Principal and Interest; Determination of the SOFR Rate; Benchmark Replacement.

(a) The Issuer shall duly and punctually pay
the principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Notes and this Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing
and subject to Section 8.2, on each Payment Date the Issuer shall cause to be paid all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account
which represent Available Funds for such Payment Date, Advances made on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 4.3(c) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Reserve Account Draw Amount for such Payment Date. Amounts properly withheld under the Code by any
Person from a payment to any Noteholder of interest and/or principal shall be considered to have been paid by the Issuer to such Noteholder
for all purposes of this Indenture. Interest accrued on the Notes shall be due and payable on each Payment Date. The final interest payment
on each Class of Notes is due on the earlier of (a) the Payment Date (including any Redemption Date) on which the principal
amount of that Class of Notes is reduced to zero or (b) the applicable Final Scheduled Payment Date for that Class of
Notes.

(b) So long as the
Class A-2-B Notes are Outstanding, the Indenture Trustee shall obtain the SOFR Rate in accordance with the definition of SOFR
Rate on each SOFR Adjustment Date and shall notify the Administrator for each Interest Period. All determinations of the SOFR
Rate by the Indenture Trustee, in the absence of manifest error, will be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.

11 2025-1 Indenture

(c) If the Administrator
determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred
prior to the determination of the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement determined by the Administrator will replace the
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Class A-2-B Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all
such determinations on all subsequent dates. The Administrator shall deliver written notice to each Rating Agency and the Indenture Trustee
on any SOFR Adjustment Date if, as of the applicable Reference Time, the Administrator has determined with respect to the related Interest
Period that there will be a change in the SOFR Rate or the terms related thereto since the immediately preceding SOFR Adjustment Date
due to a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred.
The Administrator shall have the right to make SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes and, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, from time to time.

(d) All percentages
resulting from any calculation on the Class A-2-B Notes shall be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point,
with five-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards (e.g., 9.8765445% (or 0.098765445) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)),
and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from that calculation on the Class A-2-B Notes will be rounded to the nearest cent (with
one-half cent being rounded upwards).

(e) Any determination,
decision or election that may be made by the Administrator or any other Person in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, a Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Change, a SOFR Adjustment Conforming Change or a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Sections 3.01 (or
pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Sections 3.01 or in any such capitalized term), including any determination with respect
to administrative feasibility (whether due to technical, administrative or operational issues), a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection,
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Administrators sole discretion, and, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without the consent of any other Person (including any Noteholder).
No Noteholder shall have any right to approve or disapprove of these changes and shall be deemed by their acceptance of a Note to have
agreed to waive and release any and all claims relating to any such determinations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction
Documents, none of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the Paying Agent, the Seller, the Depositor
or the Servicer will have any liability for any action or inaction taken or refrained from being taken by it with respect to any Benchmark,
Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark Replacement, Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any other matters related to or arising in
connection with the foregoing. Each Noteholder and beneficial owner of Notes, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in
a Note, will be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying
Agent, the Administrator, the Seller, the Depositor and the Servicer relating to any such determinations.

(f) None of the Indenture
Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Paying Agent shall be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability
or cessation of the SOFR Rate (or other applicable Benchmark), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other
transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) to select, determine
or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation
of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, as to
any spread adjustment thereon, the Business Day convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology applicable
to such substitute or successor Benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee will be entitled to conclusively rely
on any determinations made by the Administrator without independent investigation, and will have no liability for actions taken at the
Administrators direction in connection therewith.

12 2025-1 Indenture

(g) For the avoidance
of doubt, in no event will the Indenture Trustee be responsible for determining the SOFR Rate or any substitute for the SOFR Rate if
such rate does not appear on the FRBNYs Website or on a comparable system as is customarily used to quote the SOFR Rate or such
substitute for the SOFR Rate.

(h) None of the Indenture
Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Paying Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its
duties set forth in this Indenture or any other Transaction Document as a result of the unavailability of the SOFR Rate or other applicable
Benchmark and the absence of a designated Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on
the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation, the Servicer or the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer), in
providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Indenture and the other Transaction
Documents and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible or liable for the
actions or omissions of the Administrator, or for any failure or delay in the performance by the Administrator, nor shall the Indenture
Trustee be under any obligation to oversee or monitor the performance of the Administrator.

(i) Neither the Indenture
Trustee nor the Owner Trustee shall have any liability for any interest rate published by any publication that is the source for determining
the Interest Rates of the Class A-2-B Notes, including but not limited to the Reuters Screen (or any successor source), the FRBNY's
website, the Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News or any successor thereto, or for any rates published on any publicly available
source or in any of the foregoing cases for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any such rates, or for any subsequent
correction or adjustment thereto.

SECTION 3.2 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. As long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall maintain in the Borough of Manhattan,
the City of New York, an office or agency where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices
and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the
Indenture Trustee to serve as its agent for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Indenture Trustee
of the location, and of any change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any
such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Indenture Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may
be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuer hereby appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent to receive all such
surrenders, notices and demands.

13 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 3.3 Money
for Payments To Be Held in Trust.

(a) As provided in
Sections 5.4 and 8.2, all payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Notes that are to be made from amounts
withdrawn from the Trust Accounts shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or by another Paying Agent, and no amounts
so withdrawn therefrom for payments on the Notes shall be paid over to the Issuer except as provided in this Section and Section 4.4
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(b) On or prior to
each Payment Date and Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deposit or cause to be deposited into the Collection Account an aggregate sum
sufficient to pay the amounts then becoming due under the Notes, and the Paying Agent shall hold such sum to be held in trust for the
benefit of the Persons entitled thereto pursuant to the Transaction Documents and (unless the Paying Agent is the Indenture Trustee)
shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee in writing of its action or failure so to act.

(c) The Issuer shall
cause each Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee to execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee an instrument in which such
Paying Agent shall agree with the Indenture Trustee (and if the Indenture Trustee acts as Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees to the extent
relevant), subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent shall:

(i) hold
all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto
until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such Persons as provided
in the Transaction Documents;

(ii) give
the Indenture Trustee written notice of any default by the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Notes) of which it has actual knowledge
in the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes;

(iii) at
any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, forthwith pay to the Indenture
Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent;

(iv) promptly
resign as a Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of Notes if at any time
it ceases to meet the standards required to be met by a Paying Agent at the time of its appointment;

(v) comply
with all requirements of the Code with respect to the withholding from any payments made by it on any Notes of any applicable withholding
taxes imposed thereon, including FATCA Withholding Tax (including retaining any Tax Information received from Persons entitled to payments
with respect to the Notes and making any withholdings with respect to the Notes as required by the Code (including FATCA) based on such
Tax Information received, and paying over such withheld amounts to the appropriate governmental authority); and

(vi) comply
with respect to any applicable reporting requirements in connection with any payments made by it on any Notes and any withholding of
taxes therefrom, and, upon request, provide to the Issuer (A) Tax Information with respect to the Paying Agent and (B) to the
extent received, Tax Information with respect to the Noteholders.

14 2025-1 Indenture

(d) The Issuer may
at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer Order
direct any Paying Agent to pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Indenture
Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by such Paying Agent; and upon such a payment by any Paying Agent
to the Indenture Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

(e) Subject to applicable
laws with respect to the escheat of funds, any money held by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the payment of any
amount due with respect to any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged
from such trust and distributed by the Indenture Trustee to the Issuer upon receipt of an Issuer Request and the Holder of such Note
shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof and all liability of the Indenture Trustee
or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee
or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such payment, shall at the reasonable expense of the Issuer cause to be published
once, in an Authorized Newspaper, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which date shall
not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining shall be paid to the Issuer.
The Indenture Trustee may also adopt and employ, at the written direction of and at the expense of the Issuer, any other reasonable means
of notification of such repayment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such repayment to Holders whose Notes have been called
but have not been surrendered for redemption or whose right to or interest in monies due and payable but not claimed is determinable
from the records of the Indenture Trustee or of any Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Noteholder).

SECTION 3.4 Existence.
The Issuer shall keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a statutory trust under the laws of the State of Delaware
(unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes, organized under the laws of any other State or of the United States
of America, in which case the Issuer shall keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction)
and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary
to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral and each other instrument or agreement included
in the Trust Estate.

SECTION 3.5 Protection
of Collateral. The Issuer intends the security interest Granted pursuant to this Indenture in favor of the Indenture Trustee on behalf
of the Noteholders to be prior to all other Liens in respect of the Collateral, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain
and maintain, for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, a first lien on and a first priority, perfected
security interest in the Collateral (except to the extent that the interest of the Indenture Trustee therein cannot be perfected by the
filing of a financing statement). The Issuer shall from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto,
shall file or authorize the filing of all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other
instruments, all as prepared by the Administrator and delivered to the Issuer, and shall take such other action necessary or advisable
to:

(a) Grant more effectively
all or any portion of the Collateral;

15 2025-1 Indenture

(b) maintain or preserve
the lien and security interest (and the priority thereof) created by this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

(c) perfect, publish
notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

(d) enforce any of
the Collateral; or

(e) preserve and defend
title to the Collateral and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders in the Collateral against the claims of all Persons.

The Issuer hereby designates
the Indenture Trustee as its agent and attorney-in-fact and hereby authorizes the Indenture Trustee to file all financing statements,
continuation statements or other instruments required to be filed (if any) pursuant to this Section; provided, however, the Indenture
Trustee shall have no duty and shall not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents
or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any security interest.
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, the Issuer shall not be required
to notify any Dealer or any insurer with respect to any Insurance Policy about any aspect of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

SECTION 3.6 Opinions
as to Collateral.

(a) On the Closing
Date, the Issuer shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, in the opinion
of such counsel, either (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures
supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents, and with respect to the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements
as are necessary to perfect and make effective the first priority lien and security interest of this Indenture, and reciting the details
of such action, or (ii) no such action is necessary to make such lien and security interest effective.

(b) On or before March 30th
of each calendar year, beginning with March 30, 2026, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel
to the effect that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing,
re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents, and with respect to
the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements as are necessary to maintain the lien and security interest created
by this Indenture, and reciting the details of such actions or (ii) no such action is necessary to maintain such lien and security
interest. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures
supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements that will,
in the opinion of such counsel, be required to maintain the lien and security interest of this Indenture until March 31 in the following
calendar year.

16 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 3.7 Performance
of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables.

(a) The Issuer shall
not take any action and shall use its reasonable efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others, including the Administrator,
that would release any Person from any of such Persons material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included
in the Collateral or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the validity
or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any bankruptcy or other court or as expressly provided in
this Indenture, the Transaction Documents or such other instrument or agreement.

(b) The Issuer may
contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such duties by a Person
identified to the Indenture Trustee in an Officers Certificate of the Issuer shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer.
Initially, the Issuer has contracted with the Administrator, and the Administrator has agreed, to assist the Issuer in performing its
duties under this Indenture.

(c) The Issuer shall,
and shall cause the Administrator and the Servicer to, punctually perform and observe all of its respective obligations and agreements
contained in this Indenture, the other Transaction Documents and the instruments and agreements included in the Collateral, including
but not limited to preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing (or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation
statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with and within the
time periods provided for herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer shall not waive, amend, modify,
supplement or terminate any Transaction Document or any provision thereof other than in accordance with the amendment provisions set
forth in such Transaction Document.

SECTION 3.8 Negative
Covenants. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not:

(a) engage in any activities
other than financing, acquiring, owning, pledging and managing the Receivables and the other Collateral as contemplated by this Indenture
and the other Transaction Documents;

(b) except as expressly
permitted by this Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties
or assets of the Issuer;

(c) claim any credit
on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than amounts properly withheld from
such payments under the Code or applicable state law) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of the payment
of the taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate (other than taxes levied or assessed in respect of amounts required
to be deducted or withheld from the principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes);

(d) dissolve or liquidate
in whole or in part;

17 2025-1 Indenture

(e) permit (i) the
validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, (ii) the lien of this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated,
terminated or discharged, (iii) any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this
Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (iv) any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) to be created on or extend to
or otherwise arise upon or burden the assets of the Issuer or any part thereof or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof or (v) the
lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any Permitted Lien) security interest in
the Collateral;

(f) incur, assume or
guarantee any indebtedness other than indebtedness incurred in accordance with the Transaction Documents; or

(g) merge or consolidate
with, or transfer substantially all of its assets to, any other Person.

SECTION 3.9 Annual
Compliance Statement.

(a) The Issuer shall
deliver to the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency, on or before March 30th of each calendar year, beginning with
March 30, 2026, an Officers Certificate stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing such Officers Certificate, that:

(i) a review
of the activities of the Issuer during such year (or since the Closing Date, in the case of the first such Officers Certificate)
and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under such Authorized Officers supervision; and

(ii) to the
best of such Authorized Officers knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has complied in all material respects with all conditions
and covenants under this Indenture throughout such year, or, if there has been a default in the compliance of any such condition or covenant,
specifying each such default known to such Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof.

(b) The Issuer shall:

(i) file
with the Indenture Trustee, within 15 days after the Issuer is required (if at all) to file the same with the Commission, copies of the
annual reports and such other information, documents and reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission
may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) as the Issuer may be required to file with the Commission pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or such other reports required pursuant to TIA Section 314(a)(1);

(ii) file
with the Indenture Trustee and the Commission in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission
such other information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Issuer with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture
as may be required from time to time by such rules and regulations; and

(iii) supply
to the Indenture Trustee (and the Indenture Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Noteholders as required by TIA Section 313(c))
such summaries of any information, documents and reports required to be filed by the Issuer pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of
this Section 3.9(b) as may be required pursuant to rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission.

18 2025-1 Indenture

(c) Delivery of such
reports, information and documents to the Indenture Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Indenture Trustees receipt
of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein,
including the Issuers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively
on Officers Certificates).

(d) Unless the Issuer
otherwise determines, the Issuer shall have the same fiscal year as the Servicer. As of the date hereof, the fiscal year of the Issuer
shall end on December 31st.

SECTION 3.10 Restrictions
on Certain Other Activities. The Issuer shall not: (i) engage in any activities other than financing, acquiring, owning, pledging
and managing the Trust Estate and the other Collateral in the manner contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (ii) issue, incur,
assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any indebtedness other than the Notes; (iii) make any
loan, advance or credit to, guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of assuring anothers payment
or performance on any obligation or capability of so doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become contingently liable, directly or
indirectly, in connection with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree contingently to
do so) any stock, obligations, assets or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person;
or (iv) make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets (either realty or personalty).

SECTION 3.11 Restricted
Payments. The Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of capital
or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to the Owner Trustee or any owner of a beneficial interest
in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer or to the Servicer or the
Administrator, (b) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or security or
(c) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose; provided, that the Issuer may cause to be made distributions
to the Servicer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholders as permitted
by, and to the extent funds are available for such purpose under, this Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Administration
Agreement or the Trust Agreement. Other than as set forth in the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, make
distributions from the Trust Accounts.

SECTION 3.12 Notice
of Events of Default. The Issuer shall promptly deliver to the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency written notice in the form
of an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default,
its status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

SECTION 3.13 Further
Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall execute and deliver such further instruments and do
such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture.

19 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 3.14 Compliance
with Laws. The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, the non-compliance with which would, individually
or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes, this Indenture
or any other Transaction Document.

SECTION 3.15 Removal
of Administrator. For so long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not remove the Administrator without cause unless the
Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied in connection therewith.

SECTION 3.16 Perfection
Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The perfection representations, warranties and covenants attached hereto as Schedule
I shall be deemed to be part of this Indenture for all purposes.

SECTION 3.17 Tax
Information. To the extent the Issuer receives any Noteholder Tax Identification Information other than from the Indenture Trustee
or Paying Agent, the Issuer shall provide such received Noteholder Tax Identification Information to the Indenture Trustee upon request.
In order to comply with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations promulgated
by competent authorities) in effect from time to time ("Applicable Law") to which a foreign financial institution, issuer,
trustee, paying agent, holder or other institution is or has agreed to be subject related to the Indenture, the Issuer and each Noteholder
(by its acceptance of the Notes) agrees (i) to provide to the Indenture Trustee information about the transaction that is within
the possession of such applicable party and reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee, to assist the Indenture Trustee in determining
whether it has tax related obligations under Applicable Law, and (ii) that the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding
or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law. The terms of this Section 3.17
shall survive the termination of this Indenture.

ARTICLE IV

SATISFACTION
AND DISCHARGE

SECTION 4.1 Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes except as to (a) rights
of registration of transfer and exchange, (b) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (c) rights of Noteholders
to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon, (d) Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.8, 3.10
and 3.11, (e) the rights, obligations and immunities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the
Indenture Trustee under Section 6.7 and the obligations of the Indenture Trustee under Section 4.2) and (f) the
rights of Noteholders as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Indenture Trustee payable to all or
any of them, and the Indenture Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, when:

(a) either (i) all
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (1) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been
replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.5 and (2) Notes for which payment money has theretofore been deposited in
trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation or (ii) all Notes not theretofore delivered
to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation (1) have become due and payable, (2) will become due and payable at the latest occurring
Final Scheduled Payment Date within one year or (3) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Indenture Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer,
and the Issuer, in the case of clauses (1), (2) or (3), has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably
deposited with the Indenture Trustee cash or direct obligations of or obligations guaranteed by the United States (which will mature
prior to the date such amounts are payable), in trust for such purpose, in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness
on such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation, when due, to the latest occurring Final Scheduled
Payment Date or Redemption Date (if Notes shall have been called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.1), as the case may
be;

20 2025-1 Indenture

(b) the Issuer has
paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Issuer; and

(c) the Issuer has
delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and (if required by the TIA or the Indenture
Trustee and if such discharge is not related to a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Section 10.1) a certificate
from a firm of certified public accountants, each meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1(a) and, subject
to Section 11.2, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture have been complied with (and, in the case of an Officers Certificate, stating that the Rating Agency Condition
has been satisfied (provided, that such Officers Certificate need not state that the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied
if all amounts owing on each Class of Notes have been paid or will be paid in full on the date of delivery of such Officers
Certificate)).

SECTION 4.2 Application
of Trust Money. All monies deposited with the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be held in trust and applied
by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, this Indenture and Article IV of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Such monies
need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required herein, in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by law.

SECTION 4.3 Repayment
of Monies Held by Paying Agent. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, all
monies then held by any Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to such Notes
shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be paid to the Indenture Trustee to be held and applied according to Section 3.3 and thereupon
such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such monies.

ARTICLE V

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES

SECTION 5.1 Events
of Default. The occurrence and continuation of any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and
whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court
or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) shall constitute an event of default under this Indenture
(each, an Event of Default):

(a) default in the
payment of any interest on any Note when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five Business Days;

21 2025-1 Indenture

(b) default in the
payment of principal of any Note at the related Final Scheduled Payment Date or the Redemption Date;

(c) any failure by
the Issuer to duly observe or perform in any material respect any of its material covenants or agreements made in this Indenture (other
than a covenant or agreement, a default in the observance or performance of which is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt
with), which failure materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders, and such failure shall continue unremedied for
a period of 90 days after there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or by
Noteholders evidencing at least a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, a written notice
specifying such failure and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(d) any representation
or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture proves to have been incorrect in any material respect when made, which failure materially
and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders, and which failure continues unremedied for 90 days after there shall have been
given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or by Noteholders evidencing at least a majority of the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such failure and requiring it to be remedied
and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder; or

(e) a Bankruptcy Event
with respect to the Issuer;

provided, however, that a delay in or
failure of performance referred to under clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above for a period of 120 days will
not constitute an Event of Default if that delay or failure was caused by force majeure or other similar occurrence.

SECTION 5.2 Acceleration
of Maturity; Waiver of Event of Default. (a) Except as set forth in the following sentence, if an Event of Default should occur
and be continuing, then and in every such case the Indenture Trustee may, or if directed by the Noteholders representing not less than
a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, shall declare all the Notes to be immediately due
and payable, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Indenture Trustee if given by Noteholders), and upon any such declaration
the unpaid principal amount of such Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the date of acceleration, shall
become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(e) occurs, all unpaid principal,
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, of all Notes, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall automatically become
due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder.

22 2025-1 Indenture

(b) At any time after
such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the Indenture Trustee as hereinafter provided for in this Article V, the Noteholders representing a majority of the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, by written notice to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, may rescind and annul
such declaration and its consequences if:

(i) the Issuer
has paid or deposited with the Indenture Trustee a sum sufficient to pay (A) all payments of principal of and interest on all Notes
and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder or upon such Notes if the Event of Default giving rise to such acceleration had
not occurred and (B) all sums paid or advanced by the Indenture Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

(ii) all
Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such acceleration, have been
cured or waived as provided in Section 5.12.

No such rescission shall
affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereto.

If the Notes have been declared
due and payable or have automatically become due and payable following an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee may institute Proceedings
to collect amounts due, exercise remedies as a secured party (including foreclosure or sale of the Collateral) or elect to maintain the
Collateral and apply the proceeds from the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.4(b). Any sale of the Collateral by the Indenture
Trustee shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5.4.

SECTION 5.3 Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by the Indenture Trustee. (a) The Issuer covenants that if (i) default is made
in the payment of any interest on any Note when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five Business
Days, or (ii) default is made in the payment of the principal of or any installment of the principal of any Note when the same becomes
due and payable, the Issuer shall, upon demand of the Indenture Trustee in writing as directed by Noteholders representing a majority
of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, pay to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders
of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on such Notes for principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal,
and, to the extent payment at such rate of interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at the applicable
Interest Rate and in addition thereto such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including
the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel.

(b) In case the Issuer
shall fail forthwith to pay the amounts described in clause (a) above upon such demand, the Indenture Trustee, in its own
name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a Proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute
such Proceeding to judgment or final decree, and may enforce the same against the Issuer or other obligor upon such Notes and collect
in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Issuer or other obligor upon such Notes, wherever situated, the monies adjudged
or decreed to be payable.

(c) If an Event of
Default shall have occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, as more particularly provided in Section 5.4, in
its discretion, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Noteholders, by such appropriate Proceedings as the Indenture
Trustee shall deem most effective to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement
in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable
right vested in the Indenture Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

23 2025-1 Indenture

(d) In case there shall
be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership interest in the
Collateral, Proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law,
or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been
appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial
proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor,
the Indenture Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of any Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section,
shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such Proceedings or otherwise:

(i) to file
and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and to file such
other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim
for reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and
counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor
Indenture Trustee, except as a result of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct) and of the Noteholders allowed in such Proceedings;

(ii) unless
prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of Notes in any election of a trustee, a standby trustee
or Person performing similar functions in any such Proceedings;

(iii) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts received with
respect to the claims of the Noteholders and of the Indenture Trustee on their behalf; and

(iv) to file
such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee
or the Noteholders allowed in any judicial Proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian
or other similar official in any such Proceeding is hereby authorized by each Noteholder to make payments to the Indenture Trustee, and,
in the event that the Indenture Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to such Noteholders, to pay to the Indenture
Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee
and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture
Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee except as a result of negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, and any other amounts
due the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.7.

24 2025-1 Indenture

(e) Nothing herein
contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any
Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof
or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Noteholder in any such Proceeding except, as aforesaid,
to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person.

(f) All rights of action
and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Indenture Trustee without the possession
of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or other Proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or Proceedings
instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject
to the payment of the expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee and their
respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

(g) In any Proceedings
brought by the Indenture Trustee (and also any Proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the
Indenture Trustee shall be a party), the Indenture Trustee shall be held to represent all the Noteholders, and it shall not be necessary
to make any Noteholder a party to any such Proceedings.

SECTION 5.4 Remedies;
Priorities. (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may do one or more of the
following (subject to Sections 5.2 and 5.5):

(i) institute
Proceedings in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Notes or under this
Indenture with respect thereto, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect from the Issuer and any
other obligor upon such Notes monies adjudged due;

(ii) institute
Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture with respect to the Collateral;

(iii) exercise
any other remedies of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and remedies
of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders; and

(iv) subject
to Section 5.17, after an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.2, sell the Collateral
or any portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in any manner permitted
by law;

25 2025-1 Indenture

provided, however, that the Indenture
Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral following an Event of Default unless (A) the holders of 100% of the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes have consented to such sale or liquidation, (B) the proceeds of such sale
or liquidation are sufficient to pay in full the principal of and the accrued interest on the Outstanding Notes or (C) the default
relates to the failure to pay interest or principal when due (a Payment Default) and the Indenture Trustee determines
(but shall have no obligation to make such determination) that the Collections on the Receivables will not be sufficient on an ongoing
basis to make all payments on the Notes as they would have become due if the Notes had not been declared due and payable; and, in the
case of (C) above, the Indenture Trustee obtains the consent of the holders of 66-2/3% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance
of the Outstanding Notes. In determining such sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to clauses (B) and (C) of
the preceding sentence, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking
or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate
for such purpose. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Event of Default does not relate to a Payment Default or Bankruptcy
Event with respect to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate unless the Holders of all
Outstanding Notes consent to such sale or the proceeds of such sale are sufficient to pay in full the principal of and accrued interest
on the Outstanding Notes.

(b) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 8.2 of this Indenture or Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, if the Indenture
Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article V and the Notes have been accelerated, it shall pay out such
money or property (and other amounts, including all amounts held on deposit in the Reserve Account) held as Collateral for the benefit
of the Noteholders (net of liquidation costs associated with the sale of the Trust Estate) in the following order of priority:

(i) first,
pro rata, to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee, any accrued and unpaid fees and reasonable expenses (including indemnification
amounts) permitted under the Trust Agreement and this Indenture, as applicable, which have not been previously paid;

(ii) second,
to the Asset Representations Reviewer, any accrued and unpaid fees and reasonable expenses (including indemnification amounts) permitted
under the Asset Representations Review Agreement which have not been previously paid, provided, that the amounts payable pursuant to
this clause (ii) shall be limited to $250,000 per annum in the aggregate;

(iii) third,
to the Servicer (or any predecessor Servicer, if applicable), for reimbursement of all outstanding Advances;

(iv) fourth,
to the Servicer, the Servicing Fee and all unpaid Servicing Fees with respect to prior periods;

(v) fifth,
to the Noteholders, for payment to each respective Class of Noteholders, the Accrued Note Interest; provided, that if there
are not sufficient funds available to pay the entire amount of the Accrued Note Interest, the amount available shall be applied to the
payment of such interest on each Class of Notes on a pro rata basis based on the amount of interest payable to each Class of
Notes;

(vi) sixth,
to the Holders of the Class A-1 Notes in respect of principal thereof until the Class A-1 Notes have been paid in full;

26 2025-1 Indenture

(vii) seventh,
to the Holders of the Class A-2 Notes (to be paid pro rata to the Class A-2-A Noteholders and Class A-2-B Noteholders),
Class A-3 Notes and Class A-4 Notes, in respect of principal thereon, on a pro rata basis (based on the Note Balance of each
Class on such Payment Date), until all Classes of the Notes have been paid in full;

(viii) eighth,
to the Asset Representations Reviewer, any accrued and unpaid fees, reasonable expenses and indemnity payments not previously paid; and

(ix) ninth,
any remaining funds shall be distributed to or at the direction of the Certificateholder.

The Indenture Trustee may
fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At least 15 days before such record date,
the Issuer shall mail to each Noteholder and the Indenture Trustee a notice that states the record date, the payment date and the amount
to be paid.

Prior to an acceleration
of the Notes after an Event of Default, if the Indenture Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article V,
such amounts shall be deposited into the Collection Account and distributed in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and Section 8.2 hereof.

SECTION 5.5 Optional
Preservation of the Collateral. If the Notes have been declared or are automatically due and payable under Section 5.2
following an Event of Default and such declaration or automatic occurrence and its consequences have not been rescinded and annulled,
if permitted hereunder, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain possession of the Trust Estate and, if the Indenture
Trustee elects to maintain such possession, it shall continue to apply the proceeds thereof in accordance with Section 5.4(b).
It is the intent of the parties hereto and the Noteholders that there be at all times sufficient funds for the payment of principal of
and interest on the Notes and the Indenture Trustee shall take such intent into account when determining whether or not to maintain possession
of the Collateral. In determining whether to maintain possession of the Collateral, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and
rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed
action and as to the sufficiency of the Collateral for such purpose.

SECTION 5.6 Limitation
of Suits. (a) No Holder of any Note shall have any right to institute any Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to
this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(i) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default;

(ii) the
Holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes have made written request to the
Indenture Trustee to institute such Proceeding in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as the Indenture Trustee hereunder;

(iii) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities
to be incurred in complying with such request;

27 2025-1 Indenture

(iv) the
Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such Proceedings;
and

(v) no direction
inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority
of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes.

No Noteholder or group of Noteholders shall have
any right in any manner whatsoever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the
rights of any other Noteholders or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Noteholders or to enforce any
right under this Indenture, except, in each case, to the extent and in the manner herein provided.

In the event the Indenture
Trustee shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Noteholders, each representing less
than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, the Indenture Trustee in its sole discretion
may determine what action, if any, shall be taken, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture.

(b) No Noteholder shall
have any right to vote except as provided pursuant to this Indenture and the Notes, nor any right in any manner to otherwise control
the operation and management of the Issuer. However, in connection with any action as to which Noteholders are entitled to vote or consent
under this Indenture and the Notes, the Issuer may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Noteholders entitled
to vote or consent in accordance with TIA Section 316(c).

SECTION 5.7 Rights
of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Indenture, the Holder of any Note
shall have the right to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof expressed
in such Note or in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement
of any such payment and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Noteholder.

SECTION 5.8 Restoration
of Rights and Remedies. If the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under
this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Indenture
Trustee or to such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject to any
determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights
and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted.

SECTION 5.9 Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in
addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion
or employment of any right or remedy hereunder or otherwise shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate
right or remedy.

28 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 5.10 Delay
or Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy
accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Default or Event
of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Indenture Trustee
or to the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or by the
Noteholders, as the case may be.

SECTION 5.11 Control
by Noteholders. Subject to the provisions of Sections 5.4, 5.6, 6.2(d) and 6.2(e), Noteholders holding
not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, shall have the right to direct the
time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Notes or with
respect to the exercise of any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee; provided, that

(a) such direction
shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture;

(b) any direction
to the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate shall be effective only to the extent the Indenture Trustee is permitted
to take such action pursuant to Section 5.4(a);

(c) if the
conditions set forth in Section 5.5 have been satisfied and the Indenture Trustee elects to retain the Trust Estate pursuant
to such Section, then any direction to the Indenture Trustee by Holders of Notes representing less than 100% of the aggregate outstanding
principal balance of the Outstanding Notes to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate shall be of no force and effect;

(d) the Indenture
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction, applicable law
and the terms of this Indenture; and

(e) such direction
shall be in writing;

provided, further, that, subject
to Section 6.1, the Indenture Trustee need not take any action that it determines might expose it to personal liability or
might materially adversely affect or unduly prejudice the rights of any Noteholders not consenting to such action.

SECTION 5.12 Waiver
of Past Defaults. Prior to the declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in Section 5.2,
the Holders of Notes of not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, may waive any
past Default or Event of Default and its consequences except a Default (a) in payment of principal of or interest on any of the
Notes, (b) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Noteholder
or (c) arising from a Bankruptcy Event with respect to the Issuer. In the case of any such waiver, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee
and the Noteholders shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver shall extend to
any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

29 2025-1 Indenture

Upon any such waiver, such
Default or Event of Default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event of Default
arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver
shall extend to any prior, subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

SECTION 5.13 Undertaking
for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Noteholder by such Noteholders acceptance thereof shall be deemed
to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture,
or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as the Indenture Trustee, the filing by
any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable
costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good
faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to (a) any
suit instituted by the Indenture Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Noteholder, or group of Noteholders, in each case holding
in the aggregate more than 10% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes or (c) any suit instituted
by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of principal of or interest on any Note on or after the respective due dates expressed
in such Note and in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date).

SECTION 5.14 Waiver
of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon,
or plead or in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Issuer (to the extent that it
may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it shall not hinder, delay or
impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Indenture Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power
as though no such law had been enacted.

SECTION 5.15 Action
on Notes. The Indenture Trustees right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall not be affected
by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the lien of this Indenture
nor any rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Indenture
Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any of the
assets of the Issuer. Any money or property collected by the Indenture Trustee shall be applied in accordance with Section 5.4(b),
if the maturity of the Notes has been accelerated pursuant to Section 5.2, or Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and Section 8.2 of this Indenture, if the maturity of the Notes has not been accelerated.

30 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 5.16 Performance
and Enforcement of Certain Obligations. (a) Promptly following a request from the Indenture Trustee to do so, the Issuer shall
take all such lawful action as the Indenture Trustee may request to compel or secure the performance and observance (i) by the
Seller and the Servicer, as applicable, of each of their obligations to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, or (ii) by the Seller or VCI, as applicable, of each of their obligations under or in connection with the Purchase Agreement,
in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof, and to exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available
to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent
and in the manner directed by the Indenture Trustee, including the transmission of notices of default on the part of the Seller, the
Servicer or VCI thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or Proceedings to compel or secure performance by the
Seller or the Servicer of each of their obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Seller or VCI, as applicable, of
each of their obligations under or in connection with the Purchase Agreement.

(b) If an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, and, at the direction (which direction shall be in writing) of the
Holders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes shall, exercise all rights, remedies, powers,
privileges and claims of the Issuer against the Seller or the Servicer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or
against the Seller or VCI under the Purchase Agreement, including the right or power to take any action to compel or secure performance
or observance by the Seller, the Servicer or VCI of each of their obligations to the Issuer thereunder and to give any consent, request,
notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Purchase Agreement, as applicable, and
any right of the Issuer to take such action shall be suspended.

SECTION 5.17 Sale
of Collateral. If the Indenture Trustee acts to sell the Collateral or any part thereof, pursuant to Section 5.4(a),
the Indenture Trustee shall publish a notice in an Authorized Newspaper stating that the Indenture Trustee intends to effect such a sale
in a commercially reasonable manner and on commercially reasonable terms, which shall include the solicitation of competitive bids. Following
such publication, the Indenture Trustee shall, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law from any such action, sell the Collateral
or any part thereof, in such manner and on such terms as provided above to the highest bidder, provided, however, that
the Indenture Trustee may from time to time postpone any sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such sale. The Indenture
Trustee shall give notice to the Seller and the Servicer of any proposed sale, and the Seller, the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof
shall be permitted to bid for the Collateral at any such sale. The Indenture Trustee may obtain a prior determination from a conservator,
receiver or trustee in bankruptcy of the Issuer that the terms and manner of any proposed sale are commercially reasonable. The power
to effect any sale of any portion of the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.4 and this Section 5.17 shall not be
exhausted by any one or more sales as to any portion of the Collateral remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until the entire
Collateral shall have been sold or all amounts payable on the Notes shall have been paid.

31 2025-1 Indenture

ARTICLE VI

THE
INDENTURE TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.1 Duties
of the Indenture Trustee. (a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall exercise the
rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and shall use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person
would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Persons own affairs.

(b) Prior to the occurrence
of an Event of Default:

(i) the Indenture
Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents
against the Indenture Trustee; and

(ii) in the
absence of bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be
furnished to the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they
conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other
facts stated therein).

(c) The Indenture Trustee
shall not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except
that:

(i) this
paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section;

(ii) the
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that
the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii) the
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction
received by it pursuant to Section 5.11.

(d) Every provision
of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Indenture Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of
this Section.

(e) The Indenture Trustee
shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Indenture Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

(f) Money held in trust
by the Indenture Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of this Indenture
or the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

32 2025-1 Indenture

(g) No provision of
this Indenture or any other Transaction Document shall require the Indenture Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers,
if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability
is not reasonably assured to it.

(h) Every provision
of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to
the Indenture Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section and to the provisions of the TIA.

(i) The Indenture Trustee
shall take all actions required to be taken by the Indenture Trustee under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

SECTION 6.2 Rights
of the Indenture Trustee. Subject to the provisions of Section 6.1:

(a) The Indenture Trustee
may conclusively rely on and shall be protected in acting upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented
by the proper Person. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.

(b) Before the Indenture
Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, as applicable. The Indenture
Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate
or Opinion of Counsel.

(c) The Indenture Trustee
may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or under any of the Transaction Documents to which the Indenture Trustee is a party
or perform any duties hereunder or under any of the Transaction Documents to which the Indenture Trustee is a party either directly or
by or through agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or
negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of, the Administrator, any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed in accordance with
the provisions of Section 6.10, or any other such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder.

(d) The Indenture Trustee
shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it reasonably believes to be authorized or within discretion
or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustees conduct
does not constitute willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

(e) The Indenture Trustee
may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture, the Notes and
any Transaction Documents to which the Indenture Trustee is a party shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability
in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such
counsel.

(f) The Indenture Trustee
shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to institute, conduct or defend
any litigation under this Indenture or in relation to this Indenture or to honor the request or direction of any of the Noteholders pursuant
to this Indenture unless such Noteholders shall have offered to the Indenture Trustee reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee against the reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements, advances and liabilities that might be incurred by it, its
agents and its counsel in compliance with such request or direction.

33 2025-1 Indenture

(g) The Indenture Trustee
shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default
is received by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, and such notice
references the Notes and this Indenture.

(h) In no event shall
the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such
loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(i) In no event shall
the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of
or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, epidemics or
pandemics, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions,
loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Indenture
Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon
as practicable under the circumstances. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for failure to perform its duties hereunder
if such failure is a result of another partys failure to perform its duties hereunder.

(j) The Indenture Trustee
is authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications delivered by electronic means from
any Person purporting to be an Authorized Officer of a Person authorized to send such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other
communications. The Indenture Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that the Person sending any such instructions,
directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic means is, in fact, an Authorized Officer of the Person
authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of the Person purporting
to send such electronic transmission. The Indenture Trustee shall not have any liability for any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses
incurred or sustained by any Person as a result of Indenture Trustee's good faith reliance upon or compliance with such instructions,
directions, reports, notices or other communications or information to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, the risk
of the Indenture Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of
interception and misuse by third parties.

(k) The rights, privileges,
protections, immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are
extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder and under the Transaction Documents,
and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder and under the Transaction Documents.

34 2025-1 Indenture

(l) The permissive
rights of the Indenture Trustee to do things enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty and the Indenture Trustee
shall not be answerable for other than its bad faith, negligence or willful misconduct.

SECTION 6.3 Individual
Rights of the Indenture Trustee. Subject to TIA Section 310, the Indenture Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may
become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Seller, the Owner Trustee, the Administrator and their respective
Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not the Indenture Trustee, and the Seller, the Owner Trustee, the Administrator
and their respective Affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking and investment banking relationships with the Indenture Trustee
and its Affiliates. Any Paying Agent, Note Registrar, co-registrar, co-paying agent, co-trustee or separate trustee may do the same with
like rights. However, the Indenture Trustee must comply with Section 6.11.

SECTION 6.4 The
Indenture Trustees Disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity
or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, shall not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Notes, and shall
not be responsible for any statement of the Issuer in the Indenture or in any document issued in connection with the sale of the Notes
or in the Notes, all of which shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, other than the Indenture Trustees certificate of
authentication.

SECTION 6.5 Notice
of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and if it is either actually known by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee
or written notice of the existence thereof has been delivered to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee
shall mail to each Noteholder and the Administrator notice of the Default within 90 days after such knowledge or notice occurs. Except
in the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to the mandatory redemption
provisions of such Note), the Indenture Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in
good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Noteholders.

SECTION 6.6 Reports
by the Indenture Trustee to Noteholders. Within a reasonable period of time after the end of each calendar year during the term of
the Issuer, but not later than the latest date permitted by applicable law, the Indenture Trustee or Paying Agent, at the expense of
the Issuer, shall deliver to each Noteholder, such information as may be required by law to enable such Holder to prepare its federal
and state income tax returns.

SECTION 6.7 Compensation
and Indemnity. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement to, (i) pay to the Indenture
Trustee from time to time such compensation as the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee shall from time to time agree in writing for services
rendered by the Indenture Trustee hereunder in accordance with a fee letter between the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, (ii) reimburse
the Indenture Trustee for all reasonable expenses, advances and disbursements reasonably incurred by it in connection with the performance
of its duties as Indenture Trustee and (iii) indemnify the Indenture Trustee for, and hold it harmless against, any and all loss,
liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and fees and expenses incurred in the enforcement of the Issuers
and Servicers obligations) incurred by it in connection with the administration of the trust or trusts hereunder or the performance
of its duties as Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustees compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee
of an express trust. The Indenture Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity.
Failure by the Indenture Trustee to so notify the Issuer and the Servicer shall not relieve the Issuer or the Servicer of its obligations
hereunder. The Issuer shall, or shall cause the Servicer to, defend any such claim, and the Indenture Trustee may have separate counsel
and the Issuer shall, or shall cause the Servicer to, pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall not be indemnified
by the Administrator, the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer against any loss, liability or expense incurred by it through its own willful
misconduct, negligence or bad faith, except that the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable (i) for any error of judgment made by
it in good faith unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts, (ii) with respect
to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it from the Noteholders in accordance
with the terms of this Indenture and (iii) for interest on any money received by it except as the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer
may agree in writing.

35 2025-1 Indenture

The compensation and indemnity
obligations to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section shall survive the discharge of this Indenture. When the Indenture
Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth in Section 5.1(e) with respect to the
Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal
or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

To the extent not paid by
the Servicer, any amounts payable by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be paid in accordance
with Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.4(b) of this Indenture, as applicable.

SECTION 6.8 Removal,
Resignation and Replacement of the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuer, the
Administrator and the Servicer. The Holders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes may
remove the Indenture Trustee without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer and following
that removal, may appoint a successor to the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer shall remove the Indenture Trustee if:

(a) the Indenture
Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11;

(b) a Bankruptcy
Event occurs with respect to the Indenture Trustee;

(c) a receiver
or other public officer takes charge of the Indenture Trustee or its property; or

(d) the Indenture
Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

If the Indenture Trustee
resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Indenture Trustee for any reason (the Indenture Trustee in such event
being referred to herein as the retiring Indenture Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee which satisfies
the requirements set forth in Section 6.11.

36 2025-1 Indenture

A successor Indenture Trustee
shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Indenture Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon the resignation
or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Indenture Trustee, without any further act, deed
or conveyance, shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture subject to satisfaction of
the Rating Agency Condition. The successor Indenture Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Noteholders. The retiring Indenture
Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as the Indenture Trustee to the successor Indenture Trustee.

If a successor Indenture
Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Indenture Trustee,
the Issuer or the Holders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes may petition any court
of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the Issuer, for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

If the Indenture Trustee
fails to comply with Section 6.11, any Noteholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the
Indenture Trustee and the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

Any resignation or removal
of the Indenture Trustee and appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall
not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.8 and
payment of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Indenture Trustee.

Notwithstanding the resignation
or removal of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Issuers and the Administrators obligations under Section 6.7
shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Indenture Trustee.

The Indenture Trustee shall
not be liable for the acts or omissions of any successor Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 6.9 Successor
Indenture Trustee by Merger. Subject to Section 6.11, if the Indenture Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts
into, or transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking association, the
resulting, surviving or transferee corporation without any further act shall be the successor Indenture Trustee, provided, that
such corporation or banking association shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 6.11. The Indenture Trustee
shall provide the Administrator prior written notice of any such transaction.

In case at the time such
successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture
any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Indenture Trustee may adopt the certificate
of authentication of any predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall
not have been authenticated, any successor to the Indenture Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor
hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Indenture Trustee.

37 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 6.10 Appointment
of Co-Indenture Trustee or Separate Indenture Trustee. (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time,
after delivering written notice to the Administrator, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any
part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Indenture Trustee and the Administrator acting jointly shall have the power
and may execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or separate trustee
or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit
of the Noteholders, such title to the Trust Estate, or any part hereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers,
duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Indenture Trustee and the Administrator may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee
or separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11
and no notice to Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.8.

(b) Every separate
trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(i) all rights,
powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed
by the Indenture Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being intended that such separate trustee or co-trustee
is not authorized to act separately without the Indenture Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any
jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform
such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Collateral or any
portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely
at the direction of the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) no separate
trustee or co-trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder, including
acts or omissions of predecessor or successor trustees; and

(iii) the
Indenture Trustee and the Administrator may at any time accept the resignation of or, acting jointly, remove any separate trustee or
co-trustee.

(c) Any notice, request
or other writing given to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the separate trustees and co-trustees,
as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture
and the conditions of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred,
shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Indenture Trustee or
separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture, specifically including every provision of this
Indenture relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Indenture Trustee. Every such instrument
shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee and a copy thereof given to the Administrator.

(d) Any separate trustee
or co-trustee may at any time constitute the Indenture Trustee its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent
not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee
or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts
shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor
trustee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, the appointment of any separate trustee or co-trustee shall not
relieve the Indenture Trustee of its obligations and duties under this Indenture.

38 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 6.11 Eligibility;
Disqualification. The Indenture Trustee shall at all times satisfy the requirements of TIA Section 310(a) and, in addition,
shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition
and shall have a long term issuer rating of investment grade or better by each Rating Agency or shall otherwise be acceptable to each
Rating Agency. The Indenture Trustee shall also satisfy the requirements of TIA Section 310(b). Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate
of the Issuer may serve as Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 6.12 Preferential
Collection of Claims Against the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with TIA Section 311(a), excluding any creditor
relationship listed in TIA Section 311(b). Any Indenture Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA Section 311(a) to
the extent indicated.

SECTION 6.13 Representations
and Warranties. The Indenture Trustee hereby makes the following representations and warranties on which the Issuer and the Noteholders
shall rely:

(i) the Indenture
Trustee is a national banking association duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States; and

(ii) the
Indenture Trustee has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver, and perform this Indenture and shall have taken all
necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Indenture.

ARTICLE VII

NOTEHOLDERS
LISTS AND REPORTS

SECTION 7.1 The
Issuer to Furnish the Indenture Trustee Names and Addresses of Noteholders. The Issuer shall furnish or cause to be furnished to
the Indenture Trustee (a) not more than five days after each Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably
require, of the names and addresses of the Noteholders as of such Record Date, and (b) at such other times as the Indenture Trustee
may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a date
not more than ten days prior to the time such list is furnished; provided, however, that so long as (i) the Indenture
Trustee is the Note Registrar, or (ii) the Notes are issued as Book-Entry Notes, no such list shall be required to be furnished
to the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 7.2 Preservation
of Information; Communications to Noteholders. (a) The Indenture Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably
practicable, the names and addresses of the Noteholders contained in the most recent list furnished to the Indenture Trustee as provided
in Section 7.1 and the names and addresses of Noteholders received by the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as the Note Registrar.
The Indenture Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in such Section 7.1 upon receipt of a new list so
furnished; provided, however, that so long as the Indenture Trustee is the Note Registrar or the Notes are issued as Book-Entry
Notes, no such list shall be required to be preserved or maintained.

39 2025-1 Indenture

(b) The Noteholders
may communicate pursuant to TIA Section 312(b) with other Noteholders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or
under the Notes. Upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of any request by three or more Noteholders or by one or more Noteholders of Notes
evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes to receive a copy of the current
list of Noteholders (whether or not made pursuant to TIA Section 312(b)), the Indenture Trustee shall promptly notify the Administrator
thereof by providing to the Administrator a copy of such request and a copy of the list of Noteholders produced in response thereto.

(c) The Issuer, the
Indenture Trustee and Note Registrar shall have the protection of TIA Section 312(c).

SECTION 7.3 Reports
by the Indenture Trustee. If required by TIA Section 313(a), within 60 days after each March 31, beginning with March 31,
2026, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to each Noteholder as required by TIA Section 313(c), a brief report dated as of such date
that complies with TIA Section 313(a). The Indenture Trustee also shall comply with TIA Section 313(b). A copy of each report
at the time of its mailing to Noteholders shall be filed by the Indenture Trustee with the Commission and each stock exchange, if any,
on which the Notes are listed. The Issuer shall notify the Indenture Trustee if and when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange.

SECTION 7.4 Noteholder
Demand for Repurchase; Dispute Resolution.

(a) If an Investor
becomes aware of a breach of VCIs representations and warranties in Section 3.3 of the Purchase Agreement or of the Sellers
representations and warranties in Section 2.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement that would require VCI or the Seller, as applicable,
to repurchase a Receivable pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 2.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
as applicable, such Investor (the Requesting Investor) may, by written notice to the Indenture Trustee, direct the
Indenture Trustee to notify VCI or the Seller, as applicable, of such breach and request that VCI or the Seller, as applicable, repurchase
the related Receivable. Any such written notice to the Indenture Trustee shall identify the Receivable, as well as the related breach
of representation or warranty. If the Requesting Investor is a Note Owner, then each written notice from such Requesting Investor must
be accompanied by Verification Documents. Upon receipt of any written notice of a repurchase request that complies with the requirements
of this Section 7.4, the Indenture Trustee shall forward such written notice to VCI or the Seller, as applicable, and request
that VCI or the Seller, as applicable, repurchase the related Receivable pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 2.4
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable. For avoidance of doubt, following delivery of such notice and request to VCI or the
Seller, the Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the decision by VCI or the Seller to repurchase or not to
repurchase the related Receivable.

40 2025-1 Indenture

(b) If a Requesting
Investor directs the Indenture Trustee to request the repurchase of a Receivable pursuant to clause (a) above, and the repurchase
request has not been fulfilled or otherwise resolved to the reasonable satisfaction of such Requesting Investor within 180 days of the
receipt of notice of the request by VCI or the Seller, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the direction of such Requesting Investor, refer
the matter to either mediation or arbitration pursuant to Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Requesting Investor
shall instruct the Indenture Trustee as to the selection of mediation or arbitration as the means of dispute resolution.

SECTION 7.5 Asset
Review Voting.

(a) If the Delinquency
Percentage on any Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger, then Investors holding at least 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Note
Balance (the Instituting Noteholders) may elect to initiate a vote to determine whether the Asset Representations
Reviewer shall conduct an Asset Review by giving written notice to the Indenture Trustee of their desire to institute such a vote within
90 days from the filing of the Form 10-D that discloses that the Delinquency Percentage exceeded the Delinquency Trigger; provided,
however, that the failure of any Investor to institute such a vote shall not preclude such Investor from pursuing dispute resolution
pursuant to Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If any of the Instituting Noteholders is not a Noteholder as
reflected on the Note Register, the Indenture Trustee may require such Instituting Noteholder to provide Verification Documents to confirm
that the Instituting Noteholder is, in fact, a Note Owner. If the Instituting Noteholders initiate a vote as described in clause
(a), the Indenture Trustee shall submit the matter to a vote of all Noteholders, which shall be through the Clearing Agency if the
Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes, and the Issuer shall notify Investors by the filing of a Form 10-D for the related Collection
Period for which a vote has been called. The Indenture Trustee may set a Record Date for purposes of determining the identity of
Investors entitled to vote in accordance with TIA Section 316(c). The vote will remain open until the 150th
day after the filing of the Form 10-D that discloses that the Delinquency Percentage exceeded the Delinquency Trigger. VCI
shall be responsible for any expenses incurred in connection with such disclosure, the voting process and reimbursing any expenses incurred
by the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith. Abstaining from, voting in favor of, or voting against causing the Asset Representations
Reviewer to conduct an Asset Review shall not preclude any Investor from pursuing dispute resolution pursuant to Section 9.24 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Noteholder Direction shall be deemed to have occurred if Investors representing
at least a majority of the voting Investors vote in favor of directing an Asset Review of the Subject Receivables by the Asset Representations
Reviewer. Following the completion of the voting process, the next Form 10-D filed by the Issuer shall disclose whether or
not a Noteholder Direction has occurred.

(b) Within five Business
Days of the date of the Noteholder Direction, the Indenture Trustee shall send a Review Notice to VCI, the Seller, the Servicer and the
Asset Representations Reviewer directing the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct an Asset Review of the Subject Receivables and
specifying the date the Review Conditions are satisfied.

(c) Notwithstanding
clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 7.5, an Investor need not direct an Asset Review be performed
prior to (i) notifying (or directing the Indenture Trustee to notify) VCI or the Seller, as applicable, of a breach of VCIs
representations and warranties in Section 3.3 of the Purchase Agreement or of the Sellers representations and warranties
in Section 2.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement that would require VCI or the Seller, as applicable, to repurchase a Receivable
pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 2.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable, or (ii) referring
the matter, at its discretion, to either mediation or arbitration pursuant to Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

41 2025-1 Indenture

ARTICLE VIII

ACCOUNTS,
DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES

SECTION 8.1 Collection
of Money. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive
and collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property
payable to or receivable by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Indenture Trustee
shall apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Indenture, if any default occurs in the making of any payment or performance under any agreement or instrument that
is part of the Collateral, the Indenture Trustee may take such action as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including
the institution and prosecution of appropriate Proceedings. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any right to claim a Default
or Event of Default under this Indenture and any right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V.

SECTION 8.2 Trust
Accounts. (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to establish, in the name of Indenture Trustee,
the Trust Accounts as provided in Section 4.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(b) On or before each
Payment Date, the Issuer shall cause (i) the Servicer to deposit all Collections and Advances and (ii) the Servicer, the Seller
or VCI, as applicable, to deposit all Repurchase Prices with respect to the Collection Period preceding such Payment Date in the Collection
Account as provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On or before each Payment Date, all amounts required to be withdrawn from the
Reserve Account and deposited in the Collection Account pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall be withdrawn
by the Indenture Trustee from the Reserve Account and deposited to the Collection Account (in accordance with the Servicers Certificate).

(c) Prior to the acceleration
of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Indenture, on each Payment Date and the Redemption Date, the Indenture Trustee
shall distribute all amounts on deposit in the Principal Distribution Account to Noteholders in respect of principal of the Notes to
the extent of the funds therein in the following order of priority:

(i) first,
to the Holders of the Class A-1 Notes, until the Class A-1 Notes are paid in full;

(ii) second,
pro rata to the Holders of the Class A-2-A Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes, until the Class A-2-A Notes and the
Class A-2-B Notes are paid in full;

(iii) third,
to the Holders of the Class A-3 Notes, until the Class A-3 Notes are paid in full; and

42 2025-1 Indenture

(iv) fourth,
to the Holders of the Class A-4 Notes, until the Class A-4 Notes are paid in full.

SECTION 8.3 General
Provisions Regarding Accounts.

(a) The funds on deposit
in the Trust Accounts shall be invested in Permitted Investments in accordance with and subject to Section 4.1(b) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement and all interest and investment income (net of losses and investment expenses) on funds on deposit (i) in
the Collection Account and the Principal Distribution Account shall be distributed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.7
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (ii) in the Reserve Account shall be distributed in accordance with the provisions of Sections
4.3(b) and (d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Indenture Trustee shall not be directed to make any investment of any
funds or to sell any investment held in any of the Trust Accounts unless the security interest Granted and perfected in such account
will continue to be perfected in such investment or the proceeds of such sale, in either case without any further action by any Person,
and, in connection with any direction to the Indenture Trustee to make any such investment or sale, if requested by the Indenture Trustee,
the Issuer shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to the Indenture Trustee, to such effect.

(b) Subject to Section 6.1(c),
the Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in any of the Trust Accounts resulting from
any loss on any Permitted Investment included therein, except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustees failure to make
payments on any such Permitted Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as
trustee, in accordance with their terms.

(c) If (i) investment
directions shall not have been given in writing by the Servicer in accordance with Section 4.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement for any funds on deposit in the Trust Accounts to the Indenture Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time (or such other time
as may be agreed by the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee), on any Business Day, (ii) a Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 5.2
or (iii) if the Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default and amounts collected or received
from the Trust Estate are being applied in accordance with Section 5.4 as if there had not been such a declaration, then
the Indenture Trustee shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the Trust Accounts in one or more Permitted
Investments in accordance with the standing instructions most recently given by the Servicer.

SECTION 8.4 Release
of Collateral. (a) Subject to the payment of its fees and expenses pursuant to Section 6.7, the Indenture Trustee
may if permitted by and in accordance with the terms hereof, and when required by the provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments
to release property from the lien of this Indenture, or convey the Indenture Trustees interest in the same, in a manner and under
circumstances that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture or such other document. No party relying upon an instrument
executed by the Indenture Trustee as provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture Trustees
authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the application of any monies.

43 2025-1 Indenture

(b) The Indenture Trustee
shall, at such time as there are no Notes Outstanding and all sums due to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.7 have
been paid (as certified by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Indenture Trustee),
release any remaining portion of the Collateral that secured the Notes from the lien of this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any
other Person entitled thereto any funds then on deposit in the Trust Accounts. Such release shall include release of the lien of this
Indenture and transfer of dominion and control over the Trust Accounts to the Issuer or its designee. The Indenture Trustee shall release
property from the lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section only upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officers
Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and (if required by the TIA) Independent Certificates in accordance with TIA Sections 314(c) and
314(d)(1) meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by its acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledges that from time to time the
Indenture Trustee shall release the lien of this Indenture (or shall be deemed to automatically release the lien of this Indenture without
any further action) on any Receivable to be sold to (i) the Seller in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, (ii) to the Servicer in accordance with Section 3.6 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (iii) to VCI in
accordance with Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement.

SECTION 8.5 Opinion
of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall receive at least seven days notice (or such shorter notice acceptable to the Indenture
Trustee) when requested by the Issuer to take any action pursuant to Section 8.4(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments
involved, and the Indenture Trustee may also require as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee, stating the legal effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete the same, and concluding
that all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have been complied with and such action will not materially and adversely
impair the security for the Notes or the rights of the Noteholders in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture; provided,
that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be required to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel rendering
any such opinion may rely, as to factual matters, without independent investigation, on the accuracy and validity of any certificate
or other instrument delivered to the Indenture Trustee in connection with any such action.

ARTICLE IX

SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURES

SECTION 9.1 Supplemental
Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders. (a) Without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person, but with prior notice
from the Issuer to each Rating Agency, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (when authorized by an Issuer Order) may, at any time and
from time to time, enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or for the purpose of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders
under this Indenture subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(i) (A) the
Issuer delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such supplemental indenture will not materially and
adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; (B) the Issuer delivers an Officers Certificate to the Indenture Trustee
to the effect that such supplemental indenture will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; or (C) the
Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment and the Issuer notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing that the
Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment; and

44 2025-1 Indenture

(ii) such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Indenture Trustee, (A) affect the treatment of the Notes
as debt for United States federal income tax purposes or (B) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for United States
federal income tax purposes.

The Indenture Trustee is
hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations
that may be therein contained.

(b) Prior to the execution
of any such supplemental indenture, the Issuer shall provide written notification of the substance of such supplemental indenture to
each Rating Agency and the Owner Trustee; and promptly after the execution of any such supplemental indenture, the Issuer shall furnish
a copy of such supplemental indenture to each Rating Agency, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee; provided, that no supplemental
indenture pursuant to this Section 9.1 shall be effective which affects the rights, protections or duties of the Indenture
Trustee or the Owner Trustee without the prior written consent of such Person (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(c) Notwithstanding
anything under this Section 9.1, in Section 9.2 or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, to the extent permitted
by the TIA, this Indenture may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person and without satisfying
any other amendment provisions of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming
Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator;
provided, that the Issuer has delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment
is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes shall not affect the rights, indemnities or obligations of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee without the Owner Trustees
or the Indenture Trustee's consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to this Indenture may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement
Date) and this Indenture may be amended more than once in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes.

45 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 9.2 Supplemental
Indentures with Consent of Noteholders. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (when authorized by an Issuer Order) also may, with
prior notice from the Issuer to the Rating Agencies and with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, by Act of such Holders delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, enter
into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating
any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under this Indenture; provided,
that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby:

(i) subject
to the deemed effectiveness of any determination, decision or election made in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark
Replacement as set forth in Section 3.1(c), change the Final Scheduled Payment Date of any Note, or reduce the principal
amount thereof, the interest rate thereon or the Redemption Price with respect thereto, or change any place of payment where, or the
coin or currency in which, any Note or the interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of
the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds available therefor, as provided in Article V, to the
payment of any such amount due on the Notes on or after the respective due dates thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after
the Redemption Date);

(ii) reduce
the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, the consent of the Holders of which is required
for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of the Holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions
of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Indenture;

(iii) modify
or alter the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding;

(iv) reduce
the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes required to direct the Indenture Trustee to sell
or liquidate the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4 if the proceeds of such sale would be insufficient to pay the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes;

(v) modify
any provision of this Section in any respect adverse to the interests of the Noteholders except to increase any percentage specified
herein or to provide that certain additional provisions of this Indenture or the Transaction Documents cannot be modified or waived without
the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby;

(vi) modify
any of the provisions of this Indenture in such manner as to affect the calculation of the amount of any payment of interest or principal
due on any Note on any Payment Date (including the calculation of any of the individual components of such calculation) or to affect
the rights of the Noteholders to the benefit of any provisions for the mandatory redemption of the Notes contained herein;

(vii) permit
the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of the Trust Estate
or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein or in the Transaction Documents, terminate the lien of this Indenture on any
property at any time subject hereto or deprive any Noteholder of the security provided by the lien of this Indenture; or

46 2025-1 Indenture

(viii) impair
the right to institute suit for the enforcement of payment as provided in Section 5.7.

It shall not be necessary
for any Act of Noteholders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall
be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

Promptly after the execution
by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to the
Noteholders to which such amendment or supplemental indenture relates a notice (to be provided by the Issuer and at the Issuers
expense) setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to mail such
notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

SECTION 9.3 Execution
of Supplemental Indentures. In executing, or permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by
this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled
to receive, and subject to Sections 6.1 and 6.2, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating
that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and all conditions precedent to such execution
have been complied with. The Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects
the Indenture Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

SECTION 9.4 Effect
of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall
be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith with respect to the Notes affected thereby, and the respective rights,
limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and immunities under this Indenture of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and
the Noteholders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments,
and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of
this Indenture for any and all purposes. No Supplemental Indenture or amendment or modification hereto that materially and adversely
affects the Owner Trustee shall be effective without the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee.

SECTION 9.5 Conformity
With Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment of this Indenture and every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX
shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect so long as this Indenture shall then be qualified
under the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 9.6 Reference
in Notes to Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant
to this Article IX may, and if required by the Indenture Trustee shall, bear a notation in form approved by the Indenture
Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall so determine, new
Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared
and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes.

47 2025-1 Indenture

ARTICLE X

REDEMPTION
OF NOTES

SECTION 10.1 Redemption.
(a) Each of the Notes is subject to redemption in whole, but not in part, at the direction of VCI, as Servicer, pursuant to
Section 8.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, on any Payment Date on which VCI exercises its option to purchase the Trust
Estate (other than the Reserve Account) pursuant to said Section 8.1, for a purchase price equal to the Optional Purchase
Price, which amount shall be deposited by the Servicer into the Collection Account on the Redemption Date.

(b) Each of the Notes
is subject to redemption in whole, but not in part, on any Payment Date on which the sum of the amounts in the Reserve Account and the
remaining Available Funds after the payments under clauses first through fifth of Section 4.4(a) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement would be sufficient to pay in full the aggregate unpaid Note Balance of all of the Outstanding Notes as determined
by the Servicer. On such Payment Date, (i) the Indenture Trustee upon written direction from the Servicer shall transfer all amounts
on deposit in the Reserve Account to the Collection Account and (ii) the Outstanding Notes shall be redeemed in whole, but not in
part.

(c) If the Notes are
to be redeemed pursuant to Sections 10.1(a) or 10.1(b), the Administrator or the Issuer shall provide at least 20
days prior notice of the redemption of the Notes to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall
provide prompt (but not later than 10 days prior to the applicable Redemption Date) notice thereof to the Noteholders.

SECTION 10.2 Form of
Redemption Notice. Notice of redemption under Section 10.1 shall be given by the Indenture Trustee by first-class mail,
postage prepaid, transmitted or mailed (or posted to its website: sf.citidirect.com) prior to the applicable Redemption Date to each
Holder of Notes as of the close of business on the Record Date preceding the applicable Redemption Date, at such Holders address
appearing in the Note Register.

All notices of redemption shall
state:

(i) the Redemption
Date;

(ii) the
Redemption Price;

(iii) that
the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Redemption Date is not applicable and that payments shall be made only upon presentation
and surrender of such Notes, and the place where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price (which shall be
the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.2);

48 2025-1 Indenture

(iv) that
interest on the Notes shall cease to accrue on the Redemption Date; and

(v) the CUSIP
numbers (if applicable) for such Notes.

Notice of redemption of the
Notes shall be given by the Indenture Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer shall notify each
Rating Agency upon redemption of the Notes. Failure to give notice of redemption, or any defect therein, to any Noteholder shall not
impair or affect the validity of the redemption of any Note.

SECTION 10.3 Notes
Payable on Redemption Date. The Notes to be redeemed shall, following notice of redemption as required by Section 10.2
(in the case of redemption pursuant to Section 10.1), on the Redemption Date become due and payable at the Redemption Price
and (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price) no interest shall accrue on the Redemption Price for any
period after the date to which accrued interest is calculated for purposes of calculating the Redemption Price.

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 11.1 Compliance
Certificates and Opinions, etc. (a) Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any
action under any provision of this Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee (i) an Officers Certificate
stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with
that satisfies TIA Section 314(c)(1), (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions
precedent, if any, have been complied with that satisfies TIA Section 314(c)(2) and (iii) if required by the TIA in the
case of condition precedent compliance with which is subject to verification by accountants, a certificate or opinion of an accountant
that satisfies TIA Section 314(c)(3), except that, in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of
such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion in accordance with
TIA Section 314(e) with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(i) a statement
that each signatory of such certificate or opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein
relating thereto;

(ii) a brief
statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate
or opinion are based;

(iii) a statement
that, in the opinion of each such signatory, such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such
signatory to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(iv) a statement
as to whether, in the opinion of each such signatory such condition or covenant has been complied with.

49 2025-1 Indenture

(b) (i) Prior
to the deposit of any Collateral or other property or securities with the Indenture Trustee that is to be made the basis for the release
of any property or securities subject to the lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 11.1(a) or
elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each
Person signing such certificate as to the fair value in accordance with TIA Section 314(d) (within 90 days of such deposit)
to the Issuer of the Collateral or other property or securities to be so deposited.

(ii) Whenever the Issuer
is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signer thereof
as to the matters described in clause (i) above, the Issuer shall also deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Independent Certificate
as to the same matters, if the fair value in accordance with TIA Section 314(d) to the Issuer of the property or securities
to be so deposited and of all other such securities made the basis of any such withdrawal or release since the commencement of the then-current
fiscal year of the Issuer, as set forth in the certificates delivered pursuant to clause (i) and this clause (ii),
is 10% or more of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, but such a certificate need not be furnished
with respect to any securities so deposited, if the fair value thereof to the Issuer as set forth in the related Officers Certificate
is less than $25,000 or less than one percent of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes.

(iii) Other than as
contemplated by Section 11.1(b)(v), whenever any property or securities are to be released from the lien of this Indenture,
the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each Person
signing such certificate as to the fair value (within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities proposed to be released
and stating that in the opinion of such Person the proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention
of the provisions hereof.

(iv) Whenever the Issuer
is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signer thereof
as to the matters described in clause (iii) above, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Independent
Certificate as to the same matters if the fair value of the property or securities and of all other property other than Repurchased Receivables,
or securities released from the lien of this Indenture since the commencement of the then current calendar year, as set forth in the
certificates required by clause (iii) above and this clause (iv), equals 10% or more of the aggregate outstanding
principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, but such certificate need not be furnished in the case of any release of property or securities
if the fair value thereof as set forth in the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than one percent of the
then aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes.

(v) Notwithstanding
Section 2.9 or any other provision of this Section, the Issuer may (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose
of Receivables and Financed Vehicles as and to the extent permitted or required by the Transaction Documents and (B) make cash payments
out of the Trust Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required by the Transaction Documents.

50 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 11.2 Form of
Documents Delivered to the Indenture Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an
opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such
Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect
to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such
matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion
of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations
with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized
Officer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, an officer or officers of the Servicer, the Seller, the Administrator or the Issuer, stating that the information with respect to
such factual matters is in the possession of the Servicer, the Seller, the Administrator or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or
in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required
to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under
this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

Whenever in this Indenture,
in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall deliver any
document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuers compliance with any term hereof, it
is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the effective date of such certificate
or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right
of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however,
be construed to affect the Indenture Trustees right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained
in any such document as provided in Article VI.

SECTION 11.3 Acts
of Noteholders. (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this
Indenture to be given or taken by Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor
signed by such Noteholders in person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise expressly provided such action
shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes
referred to as the Act of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such
instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.1)
conclusive in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section.

(b) The fact and date
of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner that the Indenture Trustee deems sufficient.

(c) The ownership of
Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

51 2025-1 Indenture

(d) Any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by any Noteholder shall bind the Holder of every Note issued upon the
registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Indenture
Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note.

SECTION 11.4 Notices.
All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified
first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, by facsimile or by electronic mail, and addressed
in each case as specified on Schedule II to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or at such other address as shall be designated by
any of the specified addressees in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported tender
of such communication by an officer of the recipient entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient for notices
hereunder.

SECTION 11.5 Notices
to Noteholders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given
(unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class, postage prepaid or via electronic transmission to
each Noteholder affected by such event, at his address as it appears on the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier
than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Noteholders is given by mail, neither the
failure to mail such notice nor any defect in any notice so mailed to any particular Noteholder shall affect the sufficiency of such
notice with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall conclusively be presumed
to have been duly given.

Where this Indenture provides
for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after
the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Indenture
Trustee but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such a waiver.

In case, by reason of the
suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice
of any event to Noteholders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of
giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

Where this Indenture provides
for notice to the Rating Agencies, failure to give such notice shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder, and
shall not under any circumstance constitute a Default or an Event of Default.

SECTION 11.6 Alternate
Payment and Notice Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Indenture or any of the Notes to the contrary, the Issuer may
enter into any agreement with any Noteholder providing for a method of payment, or notice by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent
to such Noteholder, that is different from the methods provided for in this Indenture for such payments or notices, provided,
that such methods are reasonable and acceptable to the applicable depository. The Indenture Trustee shall acknowledge receipt of any
instructions from the Issuer regarding any alternate method of notice or payment as described in the preceding sentence. The Issuer shall
furnish to the Indenture Trustee a copy of each such agreement and the Indenture Trustee shall cause payments to be made and notices
to be given in accordance with such agreements.

52 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 11.7 Conflict
with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to
be included in this Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.

The provisions of TIA Sections 310
through 317 that impose duties on any Person (including the provisions automatically deemed included herein unless expressly excluded
by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture, whether or not physically contained herein.

SECTION 11.8 Effect
of Headings and Table of Contents. The article and section headings herein and the Table of Contents have been inserted for convenience
of reference only and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Indenture.

SECTION 11.9 Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns, whether
so expressed or not. All agreements of the Indenture Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.

SECTION 11.10 Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 11.11 Benefits
of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than (i) the parties
hereto and their successors hereunder, (ii) the Owner Trustee, (iii) the Noteholders and (iv) any other Person with an
ownership interest in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

SECTION 11.12 Legal
Holidays. In any case where the date on which any payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision
of the Notes or this Indenture) payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same
force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due, and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal
date.

SECTION 11.13 Governing
Law.THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL, SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW, OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS
LAW, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

SECTION 11.14 Counterparts.
This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature, each of
which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

53 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 11.15 Recording
of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be effected
by the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the protection
of the Noteholders or any other Person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Indenture Trustee
under this Indenture.

SECTION 11.16 Trust
Obligation. Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note, or, in the case of a Note Owner or a beneficial interest in a
Note, by accepting the benefits of this Indenture, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect
to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under this Indenture or any certificate
or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in their
respective individual capacities, (ii) any Certificateholder or any other owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, (iii) the
Servicer, the Administrator or the Seller or (iv) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee, successor
or assign of any Person described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, except as any such Person may
have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual
capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for
any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

SECTION 11.17 No
Petition. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder and Note Owner, by accepting a Note or, in
the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, hereby covenants and agrees that prior to the date which is one year and one
day after payment in full of all obligations of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by the Bankruptcy Remote
Parties, (i) such party shall not authorize any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case
or other Proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under
any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator,
a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial
part of its property or to consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary
case or other Proceeding commenced against such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of, its creditors
generally, any party hereto or any other creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party and (ii) such party shall not commence, join or
institute against, with any other Person, any Proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.

SECTION 11.18 Intent.

(a) It is the intent
of the Issuer that the Notes constitute indebtedness for all financial accounting purposes and the Issuer agrees and each purchaser of
a Note (by virtue of the acquisition of such Note or an interest therein) shall be deemed to have agreed, to treat the Notes as indebtedness
for all financial accounting purposes.

54 2025-1 Indenture

(b) It is the intent
of the Issuer that the Notes constitute indebtedness for all tax purposes and the Issuer agrees and each purchaser of a Note (by virtue
of the acquisition of such Note or an interest therein) shall be deemed to have agreed to treat the Notes as indebtedness for all federal,
state and local income and franchise and/or value added tax purposes (other than any Notes that are owned during any period of time either
by the Issuer or by a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal income tax purposes).

SECTION 11.19 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(a) submits for itself
and its property in any legal action or Proceeding relating to this Indenture or any documents executed and delivered in connection herewith,
or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the
State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof;

(b) consents that any
such action or Proceeding may be brought and maintained in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the venue of such action or Proceeding in any such court or that such action or Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees
not to plead or claim the same;

(c) agrees that service
of process in any such action or Proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially
similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address determined in accordance with Section 11.4 of this
Indenture;

(d) agrees that nothing
herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any
other jurisdiction; and

(e) to the extent permitted
by applicable law, waives all right of trial by jury in any action, Proceeding or counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or
in connection with this Indenture, any other Transaction Document, or any matter arising hereunder or thereunder.

55 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 11.20 Subordination
of Claims. The Issuers obligations under this Indenture are obligations solely of the Issuer and shall not constitute a claim
against the Seller to the extent that the Issuer does not have funds sufficient to make payment of such obligations. In furtherance of
and not in derogation of the foregoing, each of the Owner Trustee (in its individual capacity and as the Owner Trustee), by accepting
the benefits of this Indenture, the Certificateholder, by accepting the Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee (in its individual capacity
and as Indenture Trustee), by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder and each Note Owner, by accepting the benefits of this
Indenture, hereby acknowledges and agrees that such Person has no right, title or interest in or to the Other Assets of the Seller. To
the extent that, notwithstanding the agreements and provisions contained in the preceding sentence, each of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note Owner or the Certificateholder either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or benefit from,
Other Assets or (ii) is deemed to have any such interest, claim to, or benefit in or from Other Assets, whether by operation of
law, legal process, pursuant to applicable provisions of insolvency laws or otherwise (including by virtue of Section 1111(b) of
the Bankruptcy Code or any successor provision having similar effect under the Bankruptcy Code), then such Person further acknowledges
and agrees that any such interest, claim or benefit in or from Other Assets is and will be expressly subordinated to the indefeasible
payment in full, which, under the terms of the relevant documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of such Other Assets,
are entitled to be paid from, entitled to the benefits of, or otherwise secured by such Other Assets (whether or not any such entitlement
or security interest is legally perfected or otherwise entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including
insolvency laws, and whether or not asserted against the Seller), including the payment of post-petition interest on such other obligations
and liabilities. This subordination agreement will be deemed a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of
the Bankruptcy Code. Each of the Indenture Trustee (in its individual capacity and as the Indenture Trustee), by entering into or accepting
this Indenture, the Certificateholder, by accepting the Certificate, and the Owner Trustee, and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting
the benefits of this Indenture, hereby further acknowledges and agrees that no adequate remedy at law exists for a breach of this Section and
the terms of this Section 11.20 may be enforced by an action for specific performance. The provisions of this Section 11.20
shall be for the third party benefit of those entitled to rely thereon and shall survive the termination of this Indenture.

SECTION 11.21 Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that (i) this Indenture
is executed and delivered by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf
of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (ii) each
of the representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements made herein on the part of the Issuer is made and intended
not as personal representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, but is made
and intended for the purpose of binding only, and is only binding on, the Issuer, (iii) nothing contained herein shall be construed
as creating any liability on U.S. Bank Trust National Association, individually or personally or as Owner Trustee, to perform any covenant
of the Issuer, either expressed or implied, contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto
and by any Person claiming by, through or under any such party, (iv) U.S. Bank Trust National Association has made no investigation
and shall make no investigation into the accuracy or completeness of any representations and warranties made by the Issuer in this Indenture
and (v) under no circumstances shall U.S. Bank Trust National Association be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness,
indemnities or expense of the Issuer or be liable for the performance, breach or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary
duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Indenture or under the Notes or any other
related documents or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall
be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. For the purposes of this Indenture, in the performance of any duty or obligation on behalf
of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, protections, indemnities and immunities in the Trust Agreement.

56 2025-1 Indenture

SECTION 11.22 Information
Requests. The parties hereto shall provide any information reasonably requested by the Servicer, the Issuer, the Seller or any of
their Affiliates, in order to comply with or obtain more favorable treatment under any current or future law, rule, regulation, accounting
rule or principle.

SECTION 11.23 Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication,
including, without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission.
The term electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or
other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that this Indenture, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Indenture may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the
E-Sign Act, UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the parties hereto are authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports,
notices or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that
the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in
fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of
the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the parties hereto shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to such party, including, without limitation, the risk of such party
acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

(b) Any
requirement in this Agreement or the Notes that a document, including this Agreement and the Notes, is to be signed or authenticated
by manual signature or similar language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile or electronic signature
and shall not be deemed to prohibit delivery thereof by electronic transmission.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

57 2025-1 Indenture

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer
and the Indenture Trustee have caused this Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, all
as of the day and year first above written.

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

By:U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Jose A. Galarza

Name: Jose A. Galarza

Title: Vice President

S-1 2025-1 Indenture

CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Louis Piscitelli

Name: Louis Piscitelli

Title: Senior Trust Officer

Agreed to with respect to Section 7.5(a) hereof:

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN 

UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC, as Seller 

By: /s/ Garett Miles 

Name: Garett Miles 

Title: President and Head of Securitization 

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber 

Name: Jens Schreiber 

Title: Treasurer 

S-2 2025-1 Indenture

Agreed to with respect to Section 7.5(a) hereof:

VW CREDIT, INC. 

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber 

Name: Jens Schreiber 

Title: Treasurer 

By: /s/ Garett Miles 

Name: Garett Miles 

Title: Assistant Treasurer 

S-3 2025-1 Indenture

SCHEDULE I

PERFECTION REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
COVENANTS

In addition to the representations,
warranties and covenants contained in the Indenture, the Issuer hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to the Indenture Trustee as
follows on the Closing Date:

General

1. The
Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables and the other Collateral
in favor of the Indenture Trustee, which security interest is prior to all other Liens, and is enforceable as such as against creditors
of and purchasers from the Issuer.

2. The
Receivables constitute chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper or tangible chattel paper),
accounts, instruments, or general intangibles, within the meaning of the UCC.

3. Immediately
prior to the pledge thereof pursuant to this Indenture, each Receivable was secured by a first priority validly perfected security interest
in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party, or all necessary actions with respect
to such Receivable have been taken or will be taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in
favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party.

4. Each
Trust Account constitutes either a deposit account or a securities account within the meaning of the UCC.

Creation

5. Immediately
prior to the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of a Receivable by the Seller to the Issuer, the Seller owned and had good and
marketable title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien and immediately after the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of
such Receivable to the Issuer, the Issuer will have good and marketable title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien.

Perfection

6. The
Issuer has caused or will have caused, within ten days after the effective date of the Indenture, the filing of all appropriate financing
statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest
in the Receivables granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder; and the Servicer has in its possession the original copies of such instruments
or tangible chattel paper that constitute or evidence the Receivables, and all financing statements referred to in this paragraph contain
a statement that: A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the
rights of the Secured Party.

I - 1 

7. With
respect to Receivables that constitute instruments or tangible chattel paper, either:

(i) all
original executed copies of each such instrument or tangible chattel paper have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee; or

(ii) such
instruments or tangible chattel paper are in the possession of the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee has received a written acknowledgment
from the Servicer that the Servicer (in its capacity as custodian) is holding such instruments or tangible chattel paper solely on behalf
and for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee as pledgee of the Issuer; or

(iii) the
Servicer received possession of such instruments or tangible chattel paper after the Indenture Trustee received a written acknowledgment
from the Servicer that the Servicer is acting solely as agent of the Indenture Trustee as pledgee of the Issuer.

8. With
respect to the Trust Accounts that constitute deposit accounts, either:

(i) the
Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee a fully executed agreement pursuant to which the bank maintaining the deposit accounts
has agreed to comply with all instructions originated by the Indenture Trustee directing disposition of the funds in such Trust Accounts
without further consent by the Issuer; or

(ii) the
Issuer has taken all steps necessary to cause the Indenture Trustee to become the account holder of such Trust Accounts.

9. With
respect to the Trust Accounts that constitute securities accounts or securities entitlements, either:

(i) the
Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee a fully executed agreement pursuant to which the securities intermediary has agreed to
comply with all instructions originated by the Indenture Trustee relating to such Trust Accounts without further consent by the Issuer;
or

(ii) the
Issuer has taken all steps necessary to cause the securities intermediary to identify in its records the Indenture Trustee as the Person
having a security entitlement against the securities intermediary in each of such Trust Accounts.

Priority

10. The
Issuer has not authorized the filing of, and is not aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of
collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement (i) relating to the conveyance of the Receivables by VCI
to the Seller under the Purchase Agreement, (ii) relating to the conveyance of the Receivables by the Seller to the Issuer under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (iii) relating to the security interest granted to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or
(iv) that has been terminated.

11. The
Issuer is not aware of any material judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against the Issuer.

I - 2 

12. Neither
the Issuer or a custodian holding any Receivable that is electronic chattel paper has communicated an authoritative copy of any loan
agreement that constitutes or evidences such Receivable to any Person other than the Servicer.

13. Neither
VCI nor a custodian or vaulting agent thereof holding any Receivable that is electronic chattel paper has communicated an authoritative
copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of any loan agreement that constitutes or evidences such Receivable
to any Person other than the Servicer.

14. None
of the instruments, tangible chattel paper nor electronic chattel paper that constitutes or evidences the Receivables has any marks or
notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee.

15. No
Trust Account that constitutes a securities account or securities entitlement is in the name of any Person other than the Issuer or the
Indenture Trustee. The Issuer has not consented to the securities intermediary of any such Trust Account to comply with entitlement orders
of any Person other than the Indenture Trustee.

16. No
Trust Account that constitutes a deposit account is in the name of any Person other than the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer
has not consented to the bank maintaining such Trust Account to comply with instructions of any Person other than the Indenture Trustee.

Survival of Perfection Representations

17. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Indenture or any other Transaction Document, the perfection representations, warranties and covenants contained
in this Schedule I shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until such time as all obligations under the Indenture have
been finally and fully paid and performed.

No Waiver

18. The
Issuer shall provide the Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any material breach of the perfection representations, warranties
and covenants contained in this Schedule I, and shall not, without satisfying the Rating Agency Condition, waive a breach of any of such
perfection representations, warranties or covenants.

Issuer to Maintain Perfection and Priority

19. The
Issuer covenants that, in order to evidence the interests of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture, the Issuer shall take such action,
or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary or advisable (including, without limitation, such actions as are requested
by the Indenture Trustee) to maintain and perfect, as a first priority interest, the Indenture Trustees security interest in the
Receivables. The Issuer shall, from time to time and within the time limits established by law, prepare and file, all financing statements,
amendments, continuations, initial financing statements in lieu of a continuation statement, terminations, partial terminations, releases
or partial releases, or any other filings necessary or advisable to continue, maintain and perfect the Indenture Trustees security
interest in the Receivables as a first-priority interest.

I - 3 

Exhibit A

FORMS OF NOTES

2025-1 Indenture

FORM OF
CLASS [A-1] [A-2-A] [A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] NOTES

REGISTERED $___________________1 

No. R-________ CUSIP
NO. ______________ 

ISIN. ______________ 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON
IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE
IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

By
acquiring this note (or any interest herein), each purchaser and transferee (AND ITS FIDUCIARY, IF APPLICABLE) will be deemed to
represent and warrant that either (a) it is not acquiring and will not hold SUCH note (or any interest herein) with the assets of
(i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended (ERISA) which is subject to title i of erisa, (ii) a plan AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT
TO Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), (iii) an entity deemed to hold the plan assets of any of the foregoing by reason of any employee benefit plans
or other plans investment in such entity (each of (i), (ii) and (iii) referred to as benefit plan investors)
or (Iv) any plan or retirement arrangement that is subject to a law that is substantially similar to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction
provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (similar law) or (B)(I) THE NOTE is RATED AT LEAST BBB-
OR ITS EQUIVALENT BY A NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING AGENCY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE OR TRANSFER AND (ii) the acquisition,
holding and disposition of this note (or any interest herein) will not give rise to a nonexempt prohibited transaction under SECTION 406
OF ERISA OR Section 4975 of the Code or A VIOLATION OF any similar law.

1 Denominations
of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

A-1 2025-1 Indenture

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

[CLASS A-1
4.451%] [CLASS A-2-A 4.51%] [CLASS A-2-B SOFR RATE + 0.44%] [CLASS A-3 4.50%] [CLASS A-4 4.61%]

AUTO LOAN ASSET BACKED NOTES

Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced
Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (including any successor, the Issuer),
for value received, hereby promises to pay to [______], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [___] DOLLARS ($[___]), in monthly
installments on the 20th of each month, or if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately succeeding Business Day, commencing
on April 21, 2025 (each, a Payment Date) until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment,
and to pay interest on each Payment Date on the Class [A-1] [A-2-A] [A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Note Balance as of the preceding Payment
Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal made on the preceding Payment Date), or as of the Closing Date in the case of
the first Payment Date, at the rate per annum shown on the reverse of this Note (the Interest Rate), in each case as and
to the extent set forth in Sections 2.7, 3.1, 5.4(b) and 8.2 of the Indenture and Section 4.4
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; provided, however, that the entire Class [A-1] [A-2-A] [A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Note Balance
shall be due and payable on the earliest of (i) [___] (the Final Scheduled Payment Date), (ii) the Redemption
Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture and (iii) the date the Notes are accelerated after an Event of Default
pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and including [the
preceding Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding such Payment
Date]2 [the 20th day of the
prior calendar month (or, in the case of the initial Payment Date from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding the 20th
day of the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs].3
Interest will be computed on the basis of [actual days elapsed and a 360-day year]4
[a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months].5
[If the sum of the SOFR Rate plus the applicable spread is less than 0.00% for any Interest Period, then the per annum rate
at which interest will accrue on this Note for such Interest Period shall be deemed to be 0.00%.]6
Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public
and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest on this Note as provided
above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference is made to the
further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face
of this Note.

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee the name of which appears below by manual or electronic signature, this
Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

2 The
Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes.

3 The
Class A-2-A, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.

4 The
Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes.

5 The
Class A-2-A, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.

6
The Class A-2-B Notes.

A-2 2025-1 Indenture

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer
has caused this instrument to be signed, manually, by its Authorized Officer.

Dated: __________, 2025

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED

TRUST 2025-1

By: U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-3 2025-1 Indenture

INDENTURE
TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes
designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: ____________, 2025

Citibank, N.A.,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-4 2025-1 Indenture

[REVERSE
OF NOTE]

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its [Class A-1 4.451%] [Class A-2-A 4.51%] [Class A-2-B SOFR Rate
+ 0.44%] [Class A-3 4.50%] [Class A-4 4.61%] Auto Loan Asset-Backed Notes (herein called the Class [A-1] [A-2-A]
[A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Notes or the Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of March 25, 2025 (such Indenture,
as supplemented or amended, is herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., a national banking
association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee (the Indenture Trustee), which term includes any successor
Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement
of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders. The Notes are subject to
all terms of the Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. All terms used in this Note that are not otherwise defined herein and
that are defined in the Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture or in
Appendix A of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

The Class A-1 Notes,
the Class A-2 Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral
pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. All covenants and agreements made by the Issuer in the Indenture are for the
benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

Principal payable on the
Notes will be paid on each Payment Date in the amount specified in the Indenture and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. As described
above, the entire Class [A-1] [A-2-A] [A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Note Balance shall be due and payable on the earliest of (i) [___]
(the Final Scheduled Payment Date), (ii) the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to Section 10.1 of the
Indenture and (iii) the date the Notes are accelerated after an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Indenture.
All principal payments on the Class [A-1] [A-2-A] [A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class [A-1] [A-2-A]
[A-2-B] [A-3] [A-4] Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments of principal of
and interest on this Note made on each Payment Date, Redemption Date or upon acceleration shall be made by check mailed to the Person
whose name appears as the registered Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business
on the related Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of DTC (initially,
such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated
by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register
as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal
amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) affected by any payments made on any Payment Date or Redemption Date shall
be binding upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full
of the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date or Redemption Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of
and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment
Date or Redemption Date by notice mailed prior to such Payment Date or Redemption Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable
only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee or at the office of the Indenture
Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in The City of New York.

A-5 2025-1 Indenture

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note, or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may
be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture
Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against
(i) the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture
Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that
the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner,
owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid
capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

It is the intent of the Seller,
the Servicer, the Noteholders, the Note Owners and the Issuer that the Notes constitute indebtedness for all financial accounting and
tax purposes and the Issuer and each purchaser of a Note (by acceptance of such Note or an interest therein) agree to treat, and to take
no action inconsistent with the treatment of, the Notes as indebtedness for all financial accounting and tax purposes (other than any
Notes that are owned during any period of time either by the Issuer or by a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for
United States federal income tax purposes).

Each Noteholder or Note Owner,
by acceptance of a Note, or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, covenants and agrees that, prior to the date
which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued
by any Bankruptcy Remote Party (i) such party shall not authorize any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up
or other voluntary case or other Proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote
Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the
appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy
Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by
any such official in any involuntary case or other Proceeding commenced against such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment
for the benefit of, its creditors generally, any party hereto or any other creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party, and (ii) such
party shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any Proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy,
reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.

This Note and the Indenture
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions other than
Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder
and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

A-6 2025-1 Indenture

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells,

assigns and transfers unto 

(name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and
hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ______________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books kept for registration
thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: _______________________________ */ 

Signature Guaranteed:

_______________________________________

Signatures must be guaranteed by an
eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

*/ NOTE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in
every particular without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

A-7 2025-1 Indenture
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

dated as of March 25, 2025

between

VW CREDIT, INC.

and

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING,
LLC

Purchase Agreement

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND USAGE 1

SECTION 1.1 Definitions 1

SECTION 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions 1

ARTICLE II PURCHASE 2

SECTION 2.1 Agreement to Sell and Contribute on the Closing Date 2

SECTION 2.2 Consideration and Payment 2

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 2

SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of VCI 2

SECTION 3.2 Representations and Warranties of VCI Regarding the Purchased Assets 3

SECTION 3.3 Representations and Warranties of VCI as to each Receivable 4

SECTION 3.4 Repurchase upon Breach 5

SECTION 3.5 Protection of Title 5

SECTION 3.6 Other Liens or Interests 6

ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS 7

SECTION 4.1 Transfers Intended as Sale; Security Interest 7

SECTION 4.2 Notices, Etc. 8

SECTION 4.3 Choice of Law 8

SECTION 4.4 Headings 8

SECTION 4.5 Counterparts 8

SECTION 4.6 Amendment 8

SECTION 4.7 Waivers 9

SECTION 4.8 Entire Agreement 9

SECTION 4.9 Severability of Provisions 10

SECTION 4.10 Binding Effect 10

SECTION 4.11 Acknowledgment and Agreement 10

SECTION 4.12 Cumulative Remedies 10

SECTION 4.13 Nonpetition Covenant 10

SECTION 4.14 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 10

SECTION 4.15 Electronic Signatures and Transmission 11

i Purchase Agreement

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Assignment Pursuant to Purchase Agreement

Schedule I Representations and Warranties With Respect to the Receivables

Schedule II Perfection Representations, Warranties and Covenants

ii Purchase Agreement

THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT is
made and entered into as of March 25, 2025 (as amended from time to time, this Agreement) by VW CREDIT, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (VCI), and VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Purchaser).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase from VCI a portfolio of motor vehicle receivables, including motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts and/or installment
loans that are secured by new and used automobiles and sport utility vehicles; and

WHEREAS, VCI is willing to
sell such portfolio of motor vehicle receivables and related property to the Purchaser on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND USAGE

SECTION 1.1 Definitions.
Except as otherwise defined herein or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are
defined in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified and in effect, the Sale and Servicing Agreement) among Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust
2025-1, VCI, as servicer, the Purchaser, as seller, and Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee, which also contains rules as to usage
that are applicable herein.

SECTION 1.2 Other
Interpretive Provisions. For purposes of this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) accounting terms not otherwise
defined in this Agreement, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement to the extent not defined, shall have the respective
meanings given to them under GAAP (provided, that, to the extent that the definitions in this Agreement and GAAP conflict, the
definitions in this Agreement shall control); (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction
and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined in that Article; (c) the words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement; (d) references to any Article, Section, Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules,
Appendices and Exhibits in or to this Agreement and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or
definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (e) the term including
and all variations thereof means including without limitation; (f) except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
references to any law or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and include any successor law or regulation;
and (g) references to any Person include that Persons successors and assigns.

Purchase Agreement

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE

SECTION 2.1 Agreement
to Sell and Contribute on the Closing Date. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, VCI agrees to
transfer, assign, set over, sell and otherwise convey to the Purchaser without recourse (subject to the obligations herein) on the Closing
Date all of VCIs right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables, the Collections after the Cut-Off Date, the Receivable
Files and the Related Security relating thereto, described in an Assignment in the form of Exhibit A delivered on the Closing
Date (collectively, the Purchased Assets) having a Net Pool Balance as of the Cut-Off Date equal to $1,427,473,624.20,
which sale shall be effective as of the Cut-Off Date. The sale, transfer, assignment, contribution and conveyance made hereunder
does not constitute and is not intended to result in an assumption by the Purchaser of any obligation of the Originator to the Obligors,
the Dealers or any other Person in connection with the Receivables or the other assets and properties conveyed hereunder or any agreement,
document or instrument related thereto.

SECTION 2.2 Consideration
and Payment. In consideration of the transfer of the Purchased Assets conveyed to the Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.1
on the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall pay to VCI on such date an amount equal to the estimated fair market value of the Purchased
Assets, which amount shall be paid (a) in cash to VCI and (b) by a capital contribution by VCI of an undivided interest in
such Purchased Assets that increases its equity interest in the Purchaser in an amount equal to the excess of the estimated fair market
value of the Purchased Assets over the amount of cash paid by the Purchaser to VCI.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 3.1 Representations
and Warranties of VCI. VCI makes the following representations and warranties as of the Closing Date on which the Purchaser will
be deemed to have relied in acquiring the Purchased Assets. The representations and warranties will survive the conveyance of the Purchased
Assets to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the conveyance of the Purchased Assets to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and the Grant thereof by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture:

(a) Existence
and Power. VCI is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization and has, in all
material respects, all power and authority required to carry on its business as now conducted. VCI has obtained all necessary licenses
and approvals in each jurisdiction where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect the ability of VCI to perform its
obligations under the Transaction Documents or the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables or any other part of the Purchased
Assets.

-2- Purchase Agreement

(b) Authorization
and No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by VCI of each Transaction Document to which it is a party (i) have
been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of VCI and (ii) do not contravene or constitute a default under (A) any
applicable law, rule or regulation, (B) its organizational documents or (C) any material agreement, contract, order or
other instrument to which it is a party or its property is subject (other than violations of which do not affect the legality, validity
or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not materially and adversely affect the
transactions contemplated by, or VCIs ability to perform its obligations under, the Transaction Documents).

(c) No
Consent Required. No approval or authorization by, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by VCI of any Transaction Document other than (i) UCC filings, (ii) approvals and authorizations
that have previously been obtained and filings that have previously been made and (iii) approvals, authorizations or filings which,
if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables or any other
part of the Purchased Assets or would not materially and adversely affect the ability of VCI to perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents.

(d) Binding
Effect. Each Transaction Document to which VCI is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of VCI enforceable
against VCI in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and, if applicable, the rights
of creditors of corporations from time to time in effect or by general principles of equity.

(e) No
Proceedings. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of VCI, threatened against VCI before or by
any Governmental Authority that (i) assert the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents, (ii) seek to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any of the other Transaction Documents, (iii) seek any determination or ruling that would materially and adversely affect the
performance by VCI of its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or (iv) relate to VCI that
would materially and adversely affect the federal or Applicable Tax State income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the
Notes.

(f) Lien
Filings. VCI is not aware of any material judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against VCI.

(g) State
of Incorporation; Name; No Changes. VCIs state of incorporation is the State of Delaware. VCIs exact legal name is
VW Credit, Inc. VCI has not changed its name whether by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation, by reorganization or otherwise,
and has not changed its state of incorporation, within the four months preceding the Closing Date.

SECTION 3.2 Representations
and Warranties of VCI Regarding the Purchased Assets. On the date hereof, VCI hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to the Purchaser. Such representations and warranties will survive the conveyance of the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser pursuant to
this Agreement, the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Grant of the Purchased
Assets by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) The
Receivables were selected using selection procedures that were not known or intended by VCI to be adverse to the Purchaser.

-3- Purchase Agreement

(b) The
Receivables and the other Purchased Assets have been validly assigned by VCI to the Purchaser.

(c) The
information with respect to the Receivables transferred on the Closing Date as set forth in the Schedule of Receivables was true and
correct in all material respects as of the Cut-Off Date.

(d) All
filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Issuer a first priority, validly perfected
ownership interest in the Receivables (other than the Related Security with respect thereto, to the extent that an ownership interest
therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement), and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected security
interest therein, will be made within ten days of the Closing Date.

(e) No
Receivables are pledged, assigned, sold, subject to a security interest or otherwise conveyed other than pursuant to the Transaction
Documents. VCI has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against VCI or an Originator that includes
a description of collateral covering any Receivable other than any financing statement relating to security interests granted under the
Transaction Documents or that have been or, prior to the assignment of such Receivables hereunder, will be terminated, amended or released.
This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest in the Receivables (other than the Related Security, with respect thereto,
to the extent that an ownership interest therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement) in favor of the Purchaser
which security interest is prior to all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and is enforceable as such against all other creditors
and purchasers and assignees from VCI.

(f) Each
Receivable constitutes either tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, an account,
a promissory note, or a payment intangible, each as defined in the UCC.

(g) The
representations and warranties regarding creation, perfection and priority of security interests in the Purchased Assets, which are attached
to this Agreement as Schedule II are true and correct to the extent that they are applicable.

SECTION 3.3 Representations
and Warranties of VCI as to each Receivable. VCI hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth on Schedule I as
to the Receivables, sold, contributed, transferred, assigned, set over and otherwise conveyed to the Purchaser under this Agreement on
which such representations and warranties the Purchaser relies in acquiring the Receivables. Such representations and warranties shall
survive the conveyance of the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer
under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and the Grant of the Receivables by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.
Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, VCI shall not be required to notify
any insurer with respect to any Insurance Policy obtained by an Obligor or to notify any Dealer about any aspect of the transaction contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. VCI hereby agrees that the Issuer shall have the right to enforce any and all rights under this Agreement
assigned to the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the right to cause VCI to repurchase any Receivable with respect
to which it is in breach of any of its representation and warranties set forth in Schedule I, directly against VCI as though the
Issuer were a party to this Agreement, and the Issuer shall not be obligated to exercise any such rights indirectly through the Depositor.
Any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties shall be deemed not to constitute a breach if such inaccuracy does not affect the
ability of the Issuer to receive or retain payment in full on the Receivable.

-4- Purchase Agreement

SECTION 3.4 Repurchase
upon Breach. Upon discovery by or notice to the Purchaser or VCI of a breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 3.3 with respect to any Receivable at the time such representations and warranties were made which materially
and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in such Receivable, the party discovering such breach or receiving
such notice shall give prompt written notice thereof to the other party; provided, that delivery of the Servicers Certificate
shall be deemed to constitute prompt notice by VCI and the Purchaser of such breach; provided, further, that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect any obligation of VCI hereunder. Any inaccuracy in the representations or warranties shall
be deemed not to constitute a breach if such inaccuracy does not affect the ability of the Issuer to receive or retain payment in full
on the Receivable. If the breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholder in such Receivable, then
VCI shall either (a) correct or cure such breach or (b) repurchase such Receivable from the Purchaser (or its assignee), in
either case on or before the Payment Date following the end of the Collection Period which includes the 60th day (or, if VCI
elects, an earlier date) after the date that VCI became aware or was notified of such breach. Any such purchase by VCI shall be at a
price equal to the Repurchase Price. In consideration for such repurchase, VCI shall make (or shall cause to be made) a payment to the
Purchaser equal to the Repurchase Price by depositing such amount into the Collection Account prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time
on such date of repurchase. Upon payment of such Repurchase Price by VCI, the Purchaser shall release and shall execute and deliver such
instruments of release, transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse or representation, as may be reasonably requested by VCI
to evidence such release, transfer or assignment or more effectively vest in VCI or its designee any Receivable and any related Purchased
Assets repurchased pursuant hereto. It is understood and agreed that the obligation of VCI to repurchase any Receivable as described
above shall constitute the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Purchaser.

SECTION 3.5 Protection
of Title.

(a) VCI
shall authorize and file such financing statements and cause to be authorized and filed such continuation and other statements, all in
such manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Purchaser under
this Agreement in the Receivables (other than any Related Security with respect thereto, to the extent that the interest of the Purchaser
therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement). VCI shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Purchaser file-stamped
copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing.

(b) VCI
shall not change its name, identity, corporate structure or jurisdiction of organization in any manner that would make any financing
statement or continuation statement filed by VCI in accordance with paragraph (a) above seriously misleading
within the meaning of Sections 9-506, 9-507 or 9-508 of the UCC, unless it shall have given the Purchaser at least five days prior
written notice thereof and, to the extent necessary, shall have promptly filed amendments to previously filed financing statements or
continuation statements described in paragraph (a) above (or shall have made arrangements to take such action substantially
simultaneously with such change, if it is not practicable to take such action in advance).

-5- Purchase Agreement

(c) VCI
shall give the Purchaser at least ten days prior written notice of any change of location of VCI for purposes of Section 9-307
of the UCC and shall have taken all action prior to making such change (or shall have made arrangements to take such action substantially
simultaneously with such change, if it is not possible to take such action in advance) reasonably necessary or advisable in the opinion
of the Purchaser to amend all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements described in paragraph (a) above.

(d) VCI
shall maintain (or shall cause its Sub-Servicer to maintain) accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient
detail to permit (i) the reader thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made
and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each
Receivable and the amounts from time to time deposited in the Collection Account in respect of such Receivable.

(e) VCI
shall maintain (or shall cause its Sub-Servicer to maintain) its computer systems so that, from time to time after the conveyance under
this Agreement of the Receivables, the master computer records (including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate
clearly the interest of the Purchaser (or any subsequent assignee of the Purchaser) in such Receivable and that such Receivable is owned
by such Person. Indication of such Persons interest in a Receivable shall not be deleted from or modified on such computer systems
until, and only until, the related Receivable shall have been paid in full or repurchased.

(f) If
at any time VCI shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any interest in motor vehicle receivables to
any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, VCI shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee computer
tapes, records or printouts (including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable,
shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Purchaser (or any subsequent assignee of the Purchaser).

SECTION 3.6 Other
Liens or Interests. Except for the conveyances and grants of security interests pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, VCI shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer the Receivables or other property transferred to the Purchaser to any other
Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any interest therein, and VCI shall
defend the right, title and interest of the Purchaser in, to and under such Receivables or other property transferred to the Purchaser
against all claims of third parties claiming through or under VCI.

-6- Purchase Agreement

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 4.1 Transfers
Intended as Sale; Security Interest.

(a) Each
of the parties hereto expressly intends and agrees that the transfers contemplated and effected under this Agreement are complete and
absolute sales, transfers, assignments and contributions rather than pledges or assignments of only a security interest and shall be
given effect as such for all purposes. It is further the intention of the parties hereto that the Receivables and related Purchased Assets
shall not be part of VCIs estate in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of VCI. The sales and transfers by VCI of the Receivables
and related Purchased Assets hereunder are and shall be without recourse to, or representation or warranty (express or implied) by, VCI,
except as otherwise specifically provided herein. The limited rights of recourse specified herein against VCI are intended to provide
a remedy for breach of the representations and warranties relating to the condition of the property sold, rather than to the collectibility
of the Receivables.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that the Receivables and other Purchased Assets are held to be property of VCI, or if for any reason this
Agreement is held or deemed to create indebtedness or a security interest in the Receivables and other Purchased Assets, then it is intended
that:

(i) This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a security agreement within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the New York UCC and the UCC of any other
applicable jurisdiction;

(ii) The
conveyance provided for in Section 2.1 shall be deemed to be a grant by VCI of, and VCI hereby grants to the Purchaser, a
security interest in all of its right (including the power to convey title thereto), title and interest, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, in and to the Receivables and other Purchased Assets, to secure such indebtedness and the performance of the obligations of
VCI hereunder;

(iii) The
possession by the Purchaser or its agent of the Receivable Files and any other property as constitute instruments, money, negotiable
documents or chattel paper shall be deemed to be possession by the secured party or possession by the purchaser or a person
designated by such purchaser, for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to the New York UCC and the UCC of any other
applicable jurisdiction; and

(iv) Notifications
to persons holding such property, and acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from persons holding such property, shall be deemed
to be notifications to, or acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the Purchaser for the
purpose of perfecting such security interest under applicable law.

-7- Purchase Agreement

SECTION 4.2 Notices,
Etc. All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified
first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, by facsimile or by electronic mail and addressed
in each case as specified on Schedule II to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or at such other address as shall be designated in a written
notice to the other parties hereto. Any notice required or permitted to be mailed to a Noteholder shall be given by first class mail,
postage prepaid, at the address of such Noteholder as shown in the Note Register. Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported
tender of such communication by an officer of the recipient entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient
for notices hereunder; provided, however, that any notice to a Noteholder mailed within the time prescribed in this Agreement
shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Noteholder shall receive such notice.

SECTION 4.3 Choice
of Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL, SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW, OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

SECTION 4.4 Headings.
The section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or
effect of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.5 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature, each of which
so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.6 Amendment.

(a) Any
term or provision of this Agreement may be amended by VCI and the Purchaser without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, any Noteholder,
the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or any other Person subject to the satisfaction of one of the following conditions:

(i) VCI
or the Purchaser delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially and adversely
affect the interests of the Noteholders;

(ii) VCI
or the Purchaser delivers an Officers Certificate of VCI or the Purchaser, respectively, to the Indenture Trustee to the effect
that such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; or

(iii) the
Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment and VCI or the Purchaser notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing
that the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment;

-8- Purchase Agreement

provided, that no amendment pursuant to
this Section 4.6 shall be effective which affects the rights, protections or duties of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner
Trustee without the prior written consent of such Person.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by VCI and the Purchaser, with the consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less
than a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders. It will
not be necessary for the consent of Noteholders to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or consent, but it will be sufficient
if such consent approves the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of Noteholders provided
for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Noteholders will be subject to such reasonable
requirements as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement.

(c) Prior
to the execution of any such amendment, VCI shall provide written notification of the substance of such amendment to each Rating Agency;
and promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, VCI (i) shall furnish a copy of such amendment or consent to
each Rating Agency and the Indenture Trustee and (ii) if this Agreement is amended in accordance with clauses (i) or (ii) of
Section 4.6(a), shall furnish a copy of such Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate, as the case may be, to each
of the Rating Agencies.

(d) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive and conclusively
rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all
conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which adversely affects the Owner Trustees or the Indenture
Trustees, as applicable, own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement.

SECTION 4.7 Waivers.
No failure or delay on the part of the Purchaser, the Servicer, VCI, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in exercising any power or right
hereunder (to the extent such Person has any power or right hereunder) shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any such power or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. No notice
to or demand on the Purchaser or VCI in any case shall entitle it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No waiver
or approval by either party under this Agreement shall, except as may otherwise be stated in such waiver or approval, be applicable to
subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval under this Agreement shall require any similar or dissimilar waiver or approval thereafter
to be granted hereunder.

SECTION 4.8 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents contain a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter thereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter thereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. There are no unwritten agreements among the parties.

-9- Purchase Agreement

SECTION 4.9 Severability
of Provisions. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever
held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.10 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and
shall remain in full force and effect until such time as the parties hereto shall agree.

SECTION 4.11 Acknowledgment
and Agreement. By execution below, VCI expressly acknowledges and consents to the sale of the Purchased Assets and the assignment
of all rights of the Purchaser related thereto and under this Agreement by the Purchaser to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and the Grant of a security interest in the Receivables and the other Purchased Assets by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee
pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders. In addition, VCI hereby acknowledges and agrees that for so long as the
Notes are outstanding, the Indenture Trustee will have the right to exercise all powers, privileges and claims of the Purchaser under
this Agreement in the event that the Purchaser shall fail to exercise the same.

SECTION 4.12 Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 4.13 Nonpetition
Covenant. Each party hereto agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations
of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by any Bankruptcy Remote Party (a) such party hereto shall not
authorize any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other Proceeding seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian
or other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other Proceeding commenced against
such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, any party hereto or any other
creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party, and (b) such party shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any
Proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.14 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(a) submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any documents executed and delivered in connection
herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from
any thereof;

-10- Purchase Agreement

(b) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought and maintained in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court
and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(c) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address determined in accordance with Section 4.2;

(d) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right
to sue in any other jurisdiction; and

(e) to
the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives all right of trial by jury in any action, proceeding or
counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, or any matter arising
hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION 4.15 Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication,
including, without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission.
The term electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or
other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the
E-Sign Act, UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the parties hereto are authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports,
notices or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that
the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in
fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of
the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the parties hereto shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to such party, including, without limitation, the risk of such party
acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

(b) Any
requirement in this Agreement that a document, including this Agreement, is to be signed or authenticated by manual signature
or similar language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile or electronic signature and shall not be deemed to prohibit
delivery thereof by electronic transmission.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

-11- Purchase Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

VW CREDIT, INC.

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: President and Head of Securitization

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

S-1 Purchase Agreement

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF

ASSIGNMENT PURSUANT TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT

For value received, in accordance
with the Purchase Agreement dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Agreement), between VW Credit, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (VCI), and Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Purchaser), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, VCI does hereby transfer,
assign, set over, sell and otherwise convey to the Purchaser on the Closing Date, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under
the Receivables set forth on the schedule of Receivables delivered by VCI to the Purchaser on the date hereof, the Collections after
the Cut-Off Date, the Receivable Files and the Related Security relating thereto, which sale shall be effective as of the Cut-Off Date.

The foregoing sale does not
constitute and is not intended to result in any assumption by the Purchaser of any obligation of the Originator to the Obligors, the
Dealers or any other Person in connection with the Receivables, or the other assets and properties conveyed hereunder or any agreement,
document or instrument related thereto.

This assignment is made pursuant
to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the undersigned contained in the Agreement and is governed
by the Agreement.

Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-1 Purchase Agreement

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this assignment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

VW CREDIT, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 Purchase Agreement

SCHEDULE I

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT
TO THE RECEIVABLES

(a) Characteristics
of Receivables. Each Receivable:

(i) has
been fully executed by the Obligor thereto;

(ii) has
either (A) been originated by a Dealer located in the United States to finance the sale by a Dealer of the related Financed Vehicle
and has been purchased by the Originator or (B) has been originated or acquired by the Originator;

(iii) as
of the Closing Date is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as
secured party, or all necessary actions have been commenced that would result in a first priority validly perfected security interest
in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as secured party;

(iv) contains
provisions that permit the repossession and sale of the Financed Vehicle upon a default under the Receivable by the Obligor;

(v) provided,
at origination, for level monthly payments which fully amortize the initial Outstanding Principal Balance over the original term; provided,
that the amount of the first and last payments may be different but in no event more than three times the level monthly payment;

(vi) provides
for interest at the Contract Rate specified in the Schedule of Receivables; and

(vii) was
denominated in Dollars.

(b) Individual
Characteristics. Each Receivable has the following individual characteristics as of the Cut-Off Date:

(i) each
Receivable is secured by a new or used automobile, minivan or sport utility vehicle;

(ii) each
Receivable has a Contract Rate of no less than 0.00%;

(iii) each
Receivable had an original term to maturity of not more than 75 months and not less than 12 months and each Receivable has a remaining
term to maturity, as of the Cut-Off Date, of 3 months or more;

(iv) each
Receivable has an Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Cut-Off Date of greater than or equal to $1,000;

(v) no
Receivable has a scheduled maturity date later than December 15, 2030;

Schedule I-1 Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement

(vi) no
Receivable was more than 30 days past due as of the Cut-Off Date;

(vii) as
of the Cut-off Date, no Receivable was noted in the records of VCI or the Servicer as being the subject of any pending bankruptcy or
insolvency proceeding;

(viii) no
Receivable is subject to a force-placed Insurance Policy on the related Financed Vehicle; and

(ix) each
Receivable is a Simple Interest Receivable.

(c) Compliance
with Law. The Receivable complied, at the time it was originated or made, in all material respects with all requirements of law in
effect at that time and applicable to such Receivable.

(d) Binding
Obligation. The Receivable constitutes the legal and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor, enforceable by the holder
thereof in all material respects, subject as to enforcement, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or other
laws and equitable principles, consumer protection laws and the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.

(e) Receivable
in Force. As of the Cut-Off Date, neither VCIs nor the Servicers records related to the Receivable indicate that such
Receivable has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded or that the related Financed Vehicle been released from the lien granted by
such Receivable in whole or in part.

(f) No
Default. Except for payment delinquencies continuing for a period of not more than 30 days as of the Cut-Off Date, the records of
the Servicer did not disclose that any default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable
existed as of the Cut-Off Date or that any continuing condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default,
breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable as of the Cut-Off Date.

(g) Insurance.
The Receivable requires the Obligor thereunder to insure the Financed Vehicle under a physical damage insurance policy.

(h) No
Government Obligor. The Obligor on the Receivable is not listed on VCIs records as the United States of America or any state
thereof or any local government, or any agency, department, political subdivision or instrumentality of the United States of America
or any state thereof or any local government.

(i) Assignment.
The terms of the Receivable do not prohibit the sale, transfer or assignment of such Receivable or the grant of a security interest in
such Receivable under the Indenture.

(j) Good
Title. Immediately prior to the transfers and assignments herein contemplated, VCI had good and marketable title to each Receivable
free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens and any Lien that will be released prior to the assignment of such Receivable hereunder),
and, immediately upon the transfer thereof to the Purchaser, the Purchaser will have good and marketable title to each Receivable, free
and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens.

Schedule I-2 Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement

(k) Receivable
Files. There is only one original executed copy of each tangible record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable
that is tangible chattel paper and a single authoritative copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of
the UCC) of each electronic record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable that is electronic chattel paper. The Receivable
Files that constitute or evidence such Receivable do not have any marks or notations indicating that the Receivable has been pledged,
assigned or otherwise conveyed by VCI to any Person other than a party to the Transaction Documents.

(l) No
Defenses. VCIs and the Servicers FiServ electronic data warehouse containing records related to the Receivables do
not reflect any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, or of the same being asserted or threatened, in writing by any
Obligor with respect to any Receivable.

(m) No
Repossession. As of the Cut-Off Date, no Financed Vehicle shall have been repossessed.

Schedule I-3 Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement

SCHEDULE II

PERFECTION REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
COVENANTS

In addition to the representations,
warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement, VCI hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to the Purchaser as follows
on the Closing Date:

General

1. The
Purchase Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables and the other
Purchased Assets in favor of the Purchaser, which security interest is prior to all other Liens, and is enforceable as such as against
creditors of and purchasers from VCI.

2. The
Receivables constitute chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper or tangible chattel paper),
accounts, instruments, or general intangibles, within the meaning of the UCC.

3. Immediately
prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof pursuant to this Agreement, each Receivable was secured by a first priority validly
perfected security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party, or all necessary
actions with respect to such Receivable have been taken or will be taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related
Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party.

Creation

4. Immediately
prior to the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of a Receivable by VCI to the Purchaser, VCI owned and had good and marketable
title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien and immediately after the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Receivable
to the Purchaser, the Purchaser will have good and marketable title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien.

5. The
Originator has received all consents and approvals to the sale of the Receivables hereunder to the Purchaser required by the terms of
the Receivables that constitute instruments.

Perfection

6. VCI
has caused or will have caused, within ten days after the effective date of the Purchase Agreement, the filing of all appropriate financing
statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the sale of the Receivables
from VCI to the Purchaser, and the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Purchaser hereunder; and the Servicer, in its
capacity as custodian, has in its possession the original copies of such instruments or tangible chattel paper that constitute or evidence
the Receivables, and all financing statements referred to in this paragraph contain a statement that: A purchase of or security
interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party/Purchaser.

Schedule II-1 Schedule II to the Purchase Agreement

7. With
respect to Receivables that constitute instruments or tangible chattel paper, either:

a. All original executed copies of each such
instrument or tangible chattel paper have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee;

b. Such instruments or tangible chattel paper
are in the possession of the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee has received a written acknowledgment
from the Servicer that the Servicer (in its capacity as custodian) is holding such instruments
or tangible chattel paper solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee as
pledgee of the Issuer; or

c. The Servicer received possession of such
instruments or tangible chattel paper after the Indenture Trustee received a written acknowledgment
from the Servicer that the Servicer is acting solely as agent of the Indenture Trustee as
pledgee of the Issuer.

Priority

8. VCI
has not authorized the filing of, and is not aware of, any financing statements against VCI that include a description of collateral
covering the Receivables other than any financing statement (i) relating to the security interest granted to the Purchaser hereunder
or (ii) that has been terminated.

9. VCI
is not aware of any material judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against VCI.

10. Neither
VCI nor a custodian or vaulting agent thereof holding any Receivable that is electronic chattel paper has communicated an authoritative
copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of any loan agreement that constitutes or evidences such Receivable
to any Person other than the Servicer.

11. None
of the instruments, tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper that constitutes or evidences the Receivables has any marks or
notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Purchaser, the Issuer or
the Indenture Trustee.

Survival of Perfection Representations

12. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the perfection representations, warranties and covenants
contained in this Schedule II shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until such time as all obligations under
the Transaction Documents and the Notes have been finally and fully paid and performed.

No Waiver

13. VCI
shall provide the Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any material breach of the perfection representations, warranties and
covenants contained in this Schedule II, and shall not, without satisfying the Rating Agency Condition, waive a breach of any
of such perfection representations, warranties or covenants.

Schedule II-2 Schedule II to the Purchase Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

by and among

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC,

as Seller

VW CREDIT, INC.,

as Servicer

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Indenture Trustee

Dated as of March 25, 2025

2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I definitions and usage 1

SECTION 1.1 Definitions 1

SECTION 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions 1

ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF TRANSFERRED ASSETS 2

SECTION 2.1 Conveyance of Transferred Assets 2

SECTION 2.2 Representations and Warranties of the Seller Regarding the Transferred Assets 2

SECTION 2.3 Representations and Warranties of the Seller as to each Receivable 3

SECTION 2.4 Repurchase Upon Breach 3

SECTION 2.5 Custody of Receivable Files 4

ARTICLE III administration and servicing of receivables and trust property 6

SECTION 3.1 Duties of Servicer 6

SECTION 3.2 Collection of Receivable Payments 7

SECTION 3.3 Realization Upon Receivables 8

SECTION 3.4 Maintenance of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles 9

SECTION 3.5 Covenants of Servicer 9

SECTION 3.6 Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach 9

SECTION 3.7 Servicing Fee 10

SECTION 3.8 Servicers Certificate 10

SECTION 3.9 Annual Officers Certificate; Notice of Servicer Replacement Event 10

SECTION 3.10 Annual Registered Public Accounting Firm Attestation 11

SECTION 3.11 Servicer Expenses 11

SECTION 3.12 1934 Act Filings 11

SECTION 3.13 Noteholder Communication 11

ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS; ACCOUNTS; STATEMENTS TO THE certificateholder AND THE noteHOLDERs 12

SECTION 4.1 Establishment of Accounts 12

SECTION 4.2 Remittances 15

SECTION 4.3 Additional Deposits and Payments; Servicer Advances 15

SECTION 4.4 Distributions 16

-i- 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

Table
of Contents

(continued)

SECTION 4.5 Net Deposits 17

SECTION 4.6 Statements to Certificateholder and Noteholders 17

SECTION 4.7 No Duty to Confirm 19

ARTICLE V THE SELLER 19

SECTION 5.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller 19

SECTION 5.2 Liability of Seller; Indemnities 21

SECTION 5.3 Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Seller 22

SECTION 5.4 Limitation on Liability of Seller and Others 22

SECTION 5.5 Seller May Own Notes 22

SECTION 5.6 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Requirements 22

SECTION 5.7 Compliance with Organizational Documents 23

ARTICLE VI THE SERVICER 23

SECTION 6.1 Representations of Servicer 23

SECTION 6.2 Indemnities of Servicer 24

SECTION 6.3 Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Servicer 25

SECTION 6.4 Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others 25

SECTION 6.5 Delegation of Duties 26

SECTION 6.6 VCI Not to Resign as Servicer 26

SECTION 6.7 Servicer May Own Notes 26

ARTICLE VII REPLACEMENT OF SERVICER 27

SECTION 7.1 Replacement of Servicer 27

SECTION 7.2 Notification to Noteholders 28

ARTICLE VIII OPTIONAL PURCHASE 28

SECTION 8.1 Optional Purchase of Trust Estate 28

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 29

SECTION 9.1 Amendment 29

SECTION 9.2 Protection of Title 30

SECTION 9.3 Other Liens or Interests 32

SECTION 9.4 Transfers Intended as Sale; Security Interest 32

-ii- 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

Table
of Contents

(continued)

SECTION 9.5 Notices, Etc. 33

SECTION 9.6 Choice of Law 33

SECTION 9.7 Headings 33

SECTION 9.8 Counterparts 33

SECTION 9.9 Waivers 33

SECTION 9.10 Entire Agreement 34

SECTION 9.11 Severability of Provisions 34

SECTION 9.12 Binding Effect 34

SECTION 9.13 Acknowledgment and Agreement 34

SECTION 9.14 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 34

SECTION 9.15 Nonpetition Covenant 34

SECTION 9.16 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 35

SECTION 9.17 Limitation of Liability 35

SECTION 9.18 Third-Party Beneficiaries 36

SECTION 9.19 Information Requests 36

SECTION 9.20 Regulation AB 36

SECTION 9.21 Information to be Provided by the Indenture Trustee 36

SECTION 9.22 Form 8-K Filings 38

SECTION 9.23 Indemnification 38

SECTION 9.24 Dispute Resolution 39

SECTION 9.25 Cooperation with Voting 42

SECTION 9.26 Electronic Signatures and Transmission 42

-iii- 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Schedule I Representations
and Warranties With Respect to the Receivables

Schedule II Notice Addresses

Exhibit A Form of Assignment Pursuant to
Sale and Servicing Agreement

Exhibit B Perfection Representations,
Warranties and Covenants

Exhibit C Servicing Criteria to be Addressed
in Indenture Trustees Assessment of Compliance

Exhibit D Form of Indenture
Trustees Annual Certification

Appendix A Definitions

Schedule X to Appendix A Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount

-iv- 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT,
dated as of March 25, 2025 (together with all exhibits, schedules and appendices hereto and as from time to time amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified and in effect, this Agreement), by and among VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1 (the
Issuer), a Delaware statutory trust, VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, as seller (the Seller), VW CREDIT, INC., a Delaware corporation (VCI), as servicer
(in such capacity, the Servicer), and Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, as indenture trustee (the
Indenture Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires
to purchase from the Seller a portfolio of motor vehicle receivables, including motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts and/or
installment loans that are secured by new and used automobiles and sport utility vehicles;

WHEREAS, the Seller is willing
to sell such portfolio of motor vehicle receivables and related property to the Issuer; and

WHEREAS, VCI is willing to
service such motor vehicle receivables and related property on behalf of the Issuer;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

definitions
and usage

SECTION 1.1 Definitions.
Except as otherwise specified herein or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein
are defined in Appendix A hereto, which also contains rules as to usage that are applicable herein.

SECTION 1.2 Other
Interpretive Provisions. For purposes of this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) accounting terms not otherwise
defined in this Agreement, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement to the extent not defined, shall have the respective
meanings given to them under GAAP (provided, that, to the extent that the definitions in this Agreement and GAAP conflict, the
definitions in this Agreement shall control); (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction
and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined in that Article; (c) the words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement; (d) references to any Article, Section, Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules,
Appendices and Exhibits in or to this Agreement and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or
definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (e) the term including
and all variations thereof means including without limitation; (f) except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
references to any law or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and include any successor law or regulation;
and (g) references to any Person include that Persons successors and assigns.

2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

ARTICLE II

CONVEYANCE
OF TRANSFERRED Assets

SECTION 2.1 Conveyance
of Transferred Assets. In consideration of the Issuers sale and delivery to, or upon the order of, the Seller of all of the
Notes and the Certificate on the Closing Date, the Seller does hereby irrevocably sell, transfer, assign and otherwise convey to the
Issuer without recourse (subject to the obligations herein) all right, title and interest of the Seller, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, in to and under the Transferred Assets, described in an Assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit A delivered
on the Closing Date. The sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance made hereunder will not constitute and is not intended to result in
an assumption by the Issuer of any obligation of the Seller or the Originator to the Obligors, the Dealers or any other Person in connection
with the Receivables or the other assets and properties conveyed hereunder or any agreement, document or instrument related thereto.

SECTION 2.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Seller Regarding the Transferred Assets. On the date hereof, the Seller hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Issuer. Such representations and warranties will survive the conveyance of the Transferred Assets to the Issuer
pursuant to this Agreement and the Grant of the Transferred Assets by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) The
Receivables were selected using selection procedures that were not known or intended by the Seller to be adverse to the Issuer.

(b) The
Receivables and other Transferred Assets have been validly assigned by the Seller to the Issuer.

(c) The
information with respect to the Receivables transferred on the Closing Date as set forth in the Schedule of Receivables was true and
correct in all material respects as of the Cut-Off Date.

(d) All
filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Issuer a first priority, validly perfected
ownership interest in the Receivables (other than the Related Security with respect thereto, to the extent that an ownership interest
therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement), and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected security
interest therein, will be made within ten days of the Closing Date.

(e) No
Receivables are pledged, assigned, sold, subject to a security interest or otherwise conveyed other than pursuant to the Transaction
Documents. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Seller that includes
a description of collateral covering any Receivable other than any financing statement relating to security interests granted under the
Transaction Documents or that have been or, prior to the assignment of such Receivable hereunder, will be terminated, amended or released.
This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest in the Receivables (other than the Related Security, with respect thereto,
to the extent that an ownership interest therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement) in favor of the Issuer,
which security interest is prior to all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and is enforceable as such against all other creditors
and purchasers and assignees from the Seller.

2 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(f) Characterization
of Receivables. Each Receivable constitutes either tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper,
an account, a promissory note or a payment intangible, each as defined in the UCC.

(g) The
representations and warranties regarding creation, perfection and priority of security interests in the Transferred Assets, which are
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B are true and correct to the extent that they are applicable.

SECTION 2.3 Representations
and Warranties of the Seller as to each Receivable. The Seller hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth on Schedule
I as to the Receivables sold, transferred, assigned, and otherwise conveyed to the Issuer under this Agreement on which such representations
and warranties the Issuer relies in acquiring the Receivables. The representations and warranties as to each Receivable shall survive
the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement and the Grant of the Receivables by the Issuer to the Indenture
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
the Seller shall not be required to notify any insurer with respect to any Insurance Policy obtained by an Obligor or to notify any Dealer
about any aspect of the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties shall
be deemed not to constitute a breach if such inaccuracy does not affect the ability of the Issuer to receive or retain payment in full
on the Receivable.

SECTION 2.4 Repurchase
Upon Breach. Upon discovery by any party hereto of a breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 2.3
with respect to any Receivable at the time such representations and warranties were made which breach materially and adversely affects
the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in such Receivable, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice
thereof to the other parties hereto; provided, that delivery of the Servicers Certificate shall be deemed to constitute
prompt notice by the Servicer, the Seller and the Issuer of such breach; provided, further, that the failure to
give such notice shall not affect any obligation of the Seller hereunder. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate the facts stated
in a Servicers Certificate delivered in accordance with the foregoing sentence. If the breach materially and adversely affects
the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in such Receivable, then the Seller shall either (a) correct or cure such breach
or (b) repurchase such Receivable from the Issuer, in either case on or before the Payment Date following the end of the Collection
Period which includes the 60th day (or, if the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date that the Seller became aware or was notified
of such breach. Any such purchase by the Seller shall be at a price equal to the Repurchase Price. In consideration for such repurchase,
the Seller shall make (or shall cause to be made) a payment to the Issuer equal to the Repurchase Price by depositing such amount into
the Collection Account prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time on such date of repurchase, or earlier date, if elected by the Seller.
Upon payment of such Repurchase Price by the Seller, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall release and shall execute and deliver
such instruments of release, transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse or representation, as shall be reasonably requested
of it to vest in the Seller or its designee any Receivable and any related Purchased Assets repurchased pursuant hereto. It is understood
and agreed that the right to cause the Seller to repurchase (or to enforce the obligations of VCI under the Purchase Agreement to purchase)
any Receivable as described above shall constitute the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.
Neither the Owner Trustee nor the Indenture Trustee will have any duty to conduct an affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of
any condition requiring the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to this Section 2.4.

3 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 2.5 Custody
of Receivable Files.

(a) Custody.
To assure uniform quality in servicing the Receivables and to reduce administrative costs, the Issuer, upon the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, hereby revocably appoints the Servicer, and the Servicer hereby accepts such appointment, to act as the custodian
for the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of the following documents or instruments, which are hereby or will hereby be constructively
delivered to the Indenture Trustee (or delivered to such custodian), as pledgee of the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture with respect
to each Receivable (but only to the extent applicable to such Receivable and only to the extent held in tangible paper form) (the Receivable
Files):

(i) the fully executed original of the motor
vehicle retail installment sales contract or promissory note and security agreement related
to such Receivable (with respect to tangible chattel paper) or an authoritative copy
(as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of the Receivable (with respect to
electronic chattel paper), including any written amendments or extensions thereto;

(ii) the original credit application, an electronic
image thereof, or a photocopy thereof to the extent held in paper form;

(iii) the original Certificate of Title or,
if not yet received, evidence that the Servicer has used commercially reasonable best efforts
to submit an application therefor with the appropriate authority, a guaranty of title from
a Dealer or such other document (electronic or otherwise, as used in the applicable jurisdiction)
that the Servicer keeps on file, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, evidencing
the security interest of the Originator in the Financed Vehicle; provided, however,
that in lieu of being held in the Receivable File, the Certificate of Title may be held by
a third party service provider engaged by the Servicer to obtain or hold Certificates of
Title; and

(iv) any and all other documents (whether tangible
or electronic) that the Servicer or the Seller keeps on file, in accordance with its Customary
Servicing Practices, relating to a Receivable, an Obligor or a Financed Vehicle.

The foregoing appointment of the Servicer is
deemed to be made with due care.

(b) Safekeeping.
The Servicer, in its capacity as custodian, shall hold the Receivable Files for the benefit of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee,
as pledgee of the Issuer. In performing its duties as custodian, the Servicer shall act in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices.
The Servicer will promptly report to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee any failure on its part to hold a material portion of the Receivable
Files and maintain its accounts, records and computer systems as herein provided and promptly take appropriate action to remedy any such
failure. The Servicer may, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices: (i) maintain all or a portion of the Receivable
Files in electronic form and (ii) maintain custody of all or any portion of the Receivable Files with one or more of its agents
or designees.

4 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(c) Maintenance
of and Access to Records. The Servicer will maintain each Receivable File in the United States (it being understood that the Receivable
Files, or any part thereof, may be maintained at the offices of any Person to whom the Servicer has delegated responsibilities in accordance
with Section 6.5). The Servicer will make available to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee or their duly authorized representatives,
attorneys or auditors a list of locations of the Receivable Files upon request. The Servicer will provide access to the Receivable Files,
and the related accounts records, and computer systems maintained by the Servicer at such times as the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee
direct, but only upon reasonable notice and during the normal business hours at the respective offices of the Servicer.

(d) Release
of Documents. Upon written instructions from the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer will release or cause to be released any document
in the Receivable Files to the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustees agent or the Indenture Trustees designee, as the
case may be, at such place or places as the Indenture Trustee may designate, as soon thereafter as is practicable. Any document so released
will be handled by the Indenture Trustee with due care and returned to the Servicer for safekeeping as soon as the Indenture Trustee
or its agent or designee, as the case may be, has no further need therefor.

(e) Instructions;
Authority to Act. All instructions from the Indenture Trustee will be in writing and signed by an Authorized Officer of the Indenture
Trustee, and the Servicer will be deemed to have received proper instructions with respect to the Receivable Files upon its receipt of
such written instructions.

(f) Custodians
Indemnification. Subject to Section 6.2, the Servicer as custodian will indemnify the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee
for any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, compensatory damages, payments, costs, or expenses of any kind whatsoever that may
be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee as the result of any improper act or omission in
any way relating to the maintenance and custody by the Servicer as custodian of the Receivable Files; provided, however,
that the Servicer will not be liable (i) to the Issuer for any portion of any such amount resulting from the willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence of the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer or (ii) to the Indenture Trustee for any portion of any such amount
resulting from the failure of the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustees agent or the Indenture Trustees designee to
handle with due care any Certificate of Title or other document released to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustees agent
or designee pursuant to Section 2.5(d).

5 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(g) Effective
Period and Termination. The Servicers appointment as custodian will become effective as of the Cut-Off Date and will continue
in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Section. If VCI resigns as Servicer in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement or if all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer have been terminated under Section 7.1, the appointment
of the Servicer as custodian hereunder may be terminated by the Indenture Trustee, or by the Noteholders of Notes evidencing not less
than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, in the same manner as the Indenture Trustee
or such Noteholders may terminate the rights and obligations of the Servicer under Section 7.1. As soon as practicable after
any termination of such appointment, the Servicer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee (or, at the direction of the Indenture Trustee,
to its agent) the Receivable Files and the related accounts and records maintained by the Servicer at such place or places as the Indenture
Trustee may reasonably designate; provided, however, that with respect to authoritative copies of the Receivables constituting electronic
chattel paper, the Servicer, as custodian, in its sole discretion, shall either (i) continue to hold any such authoritative copies
on behalf of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustees agent or (ii) deliver copies of such authoritative
copies and destroy the authoritative copies maintained by the Servicer prior to its termination such that such copy delivered to the
Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustees agent becomes the authoritative copy of the Receivable constituting electronic chattel
paper.

ARTICLE III

administration
and servicing of receivables and trust property

SECTION 3.1 Duties
of Servicer.

(a) The
Servicer is hereby appointed by the Issuer and authorized to act as agent for the Issuer and in such capacity shall manage, service,
administer and make collections on the Receivables in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, using the degree of skill and
attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable motor vehicle receivables that it services for itself or others.
The Servicers duties will include collection and posting of all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors on such Receivables,
investigating delinquencies, sending invoices or payment coupons to Obligors, reporting any required tax information to Obligors, accounting
for collections and furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Indenture Trustee with respect to distributions. The Servicer is
not required under the Transaction Documents to make any disbursements via wire transfer or otherwise on behalf of an Obligor. There
are no requirements under the Receivables or the Transaction Documents for funds to be, and funds shall not be, held in trust for an
Obligor. No payments or disbursements shall be made by the Servicer on behalf of the Obligor. The Servicer hereby accepts such appointment
and authorization and agrees to perform the duties of Servicer with respect to the Receivables set forth herein.

6 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) The
Servicer will follow its Customary Servicing Practices and will have full power and authority to do any and all things in connection
with such managing, servicing, administration and collection that it may deem necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Servicer is hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Issuer, the Owner
Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Certificateholder, or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation,
or partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables or to the Financed Vehicles
securing such Receivables. The Servicer is hereby authorized to commence, in its own name or in the name of the Issuer, a legal proceeding
to enforce a Receivable or an Insurance Policy or to commence or participate in any other legal proceeding (including a bankruptcy proceeding)
relating to or involving a Receivable, an Obligor, a Financed Vehicle or an Insurance Policy. If the Servicer commences a legal proceeding
to enforce a Receivable or an Insurance Policy, the Issuer will thereupon be deemed to have automatically assigned such Receivable or
its rights under such Insurance Policy to the Servicer solely for purposes of commencing or participating in any such proceeding as a
party or claimant, and the Servicer is authorized and empowered by the Issuer to execute and deliver in the Servicers name any
notices, demands, claims, complaints, responses, affidavits or other documents or instruments in connection with any such proceeding.
If in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it is held that the Servicer may not enforce a Receivable or Insurance Policy on the ground
that it is not a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce the Receivable or Insurance Policy, the Issuer will, at the Servicers
expense and direction, take steps to enforce the Receivable or Insurance Policy, including bringing suit in its name or the name of the
Indenture Trustee. The Issuer will furnish the Servicer with any powers of attorney and other documents reasonably necessary or appropriate
to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder. The Servicer, at its expense, will obtain on behalf
of the Issuer all licenses, if any, reasonably requested by the Seller to be held by the Issuer in connection with ownership of the Receivables,
and will make all filings and pay all fees as may be required in connection therewith during the term hereof.

(c) The
Servicer hereby agrees that upon its resignation and the appointment of a successor Servicer hereunder, the Servicer will terminate its
activities as Servicer hereunder in accordance with Section 7.1, and, in any case, in a manner which the Indenture Trustee
reasonably determines will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to such successor Servicer, and the Servicer
shall cooperate with and assist such successor Servicer.

SECTION 3.2 Collection
of Receivable Payments.

(a) The
Servicer will make reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Receivables as and when
the same become due in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices. Subject to Section 3.5, the Servicer may grant
extensions, rebates, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments with respect to any Receivable in accordance with its Customary
Servicing Practices; provided, however, that if the Servicer (i) extends the date for final payment by the Obligor
of any Receivable beyond the last day of the Collection Period preceding the latest Final Scheduled Payment Date of any Notes issued
under the Indenture or (ii) reduces the Contract Rate or Outstanding Principal Balance with respect to any Receivable other than
as required by applicable law (including, without limitation, by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act) or court order, it will promptly
purchase such Receivable in the manner provided in Section 3.6 if such change in the Receivable would materially and adversely
affect the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in such Receivable. The Servicer may in its discretion waive any late payment charge
or any other fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable. The Servicer shall not be required to make
any advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions other than as set forth in Section 4.3(c).
Payments on the Receivables, including payoffs, made in accordance with the related documentation for such Receivables, shall be posted
to the Servicers Obligor records in accordance with the Servicers Customary Servicing Practices. Such payments shall be
allocated to principal, interest or other items in accordance with the related documentation for such Receivables.

7 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) Subject
to the proviso of the second sentence of Section 3.2(a), the Servicer and its Affiliates may engage in any marketing practice
or promotion or any sale of any products, goods or services to Obligors with respect to the Receivables so long as such practices, promotions
or sales are offered to obligors of comparable motor vehicle receivables serviced by the Servicer for itself and others, whether or not
such practices, promotions or sales might result in a decrease in the aggregate amount of payments on the Receivables, prepayments or
faster or slower timing of the payment of the Receivables.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Servicer may refinance any Receivable by accepting a new promissory note from the related
Obligor and depositing the full Outstanding Principal Balance of such Receivable into the Collection Account. The receivable created
by such refinancing shall not be property of the Issuer. The Servicer and its Affiliates may also sell insurance or debt cancellation
products, including products which result in the cancellation of some or all of the amount of a Receivable upon the death or disability
of the Obligor or any casualty with respect to the Financed Vehicle.

(d) Records
documenting collection efforts shall be maintained during the period a Receivable is delinquent in accordance with the Servicers
Customary Servicing Practices. Such records shall be maintained on at least a periodic basis that is not less frequent than the Servicers
Customary Servicing Practices, and describe the entitys activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example,
phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment) in
accordance with the Servicers Customary Servicing Practices.

SECTION 3.3 Realization
Upon Receivables. On behalf of the Issuer, the Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its Customary Servicing
Practices, to repossess or otherwise convert the ownership of the Financed Vehicle securing any Receivable as to which the Servicer has
determined eventual payment in full is unlikely unless it determines in its sole discretion that repossession will not increase the Liquidation
Proceeds by an amount greater than the expense of such repossession or that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with respect to such
Receivable would be increased by forbearance. The Servicer will follow such Customary Servicing Practices as it deems necessary or advisable,
which may include reasonable efforts to realize upon any recourse to any Dealer and selling the Financed Vehicle at public or private
sale. The foregoing will be subject to the provision that, in any case in which the Financed Vehicle has suffered damage, the Servicer
shall not be required to expend funds in connection with the repair or the repossession of such Financed Vehicle unless it determines
in its sole discretion that such repair and/or repossession will increase the Liquidation Proceeds by an amount greater than the amount
of such expenses. The Servicer, in its sole discretion, may in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices sell any Receivables
deficiency balance. Net proceeds of any such sale allocable to the Receivable will constitute Liquidation Proceeds, and the sole right
of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee with respect to any such sold Receivables will be to receive such Liquidation Proceeds. Upon
such sale, the Servicer will mark its computer records indicating that any such receivable sold is no longer a Receivable. The Servicer
is authorized to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate on behalf of the Issuer to evidence the sale of the Receivable free
from any Lien or other interest of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee.

8 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 3.4 Maintenance
of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles. The Servicer will, in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices, take such steps
as are necessary and available to maintain perfection of the security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle.
The provisions set forth in this Section are the sole requirements under the Transaction Documents with respect to the maintenance
of collateral or security on the Receivables. It is understood that the Financed Vehicles are the collateral and security for the Receivables,
but that the Certificate of Title with respect to a Financed Vehicle does not constitute collateral and merely evidences such security
interest. The Issuer hereby authorizes the Servicer to take such steps as are necessary to re-perfect such security interest on behalf
of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in the event of the relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for any other reason.

SECTION 3.5 Covenants
of Servicer. Unless required by law or court order, the Servicer will not release the Financed Vehicle securing each such Receivable
from the security interest granted by such Receivable in whole or in part except (a) in the event of payment in full by or on behalf
of the Obligor thereunder or payment in full less a deficiency which the Servicer would not attempt to collect in accordance with its
Customary Servicing Practices, (b) in connection with repossession or (c) except as may be required by an insurer in order
to receive proceeds from any Insurance Policy covering such Financed Vehicle.

SECTION 3.6 Purchase
of Receivables Upon Breach. Upon discovery by any party hereto of a breach of any of the covenants set forth in Section 3.2,
3.3, 3.4 or 3.5 with respect to any Receivable which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer
or the Noteholders in such Receivable, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice thereof to the other parties
hereto; provided, that delivery of the Servicers Certificate shall be deemed to constitute prompt notice by the Servicer
and the Issuer of such breach; provided, further, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect any obligation
of the Servicer hereunder. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate the facts stated in a Servicers Certificate delivered in
accordance with the foregoing sentence. If the breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders
in such Receivable, then the Servicer shall either (a) correct or cure such breach or (b) purchase such Receivable from the
Issuer, in either case on or before the Payment Date following the end of the Collection Period which includes the 60th day (or, if the
Servicer elects, an earlier date) after the date that the Servicer became aware or was notified of such breach. Any such breach or failure
will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure does not affect the ability of the Issuer to receive
and retain timely payment in full on such Receivable. Any such purchase by the Servicer shall be at a price equal to the Repurchase Price.
In consideration for such repurchase, the Servicer shall make (or shall cause to be made) a payment to the Issuer equal to the Repurchase
Price by depositing such amount into the Collection Account prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time on such date of purchase (or, if
the Servicer elects, an earlier date). Upon payment of such Repurchase Price by the Servicer, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall
release and shall execute and deliver such instruments of release, transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse or representation,
as shall be reasonably necessary to vest in the Servicer or its designee any Receivable and related Purchased Assets purchased pursuant
hereto. It is understood and agreed that the obligation of the Servicer to purchase any Receivable as described above shall constitute
the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.

9 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 3.7 Servicing
Fee. On each Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to the Servicer the Servicing Fee in accordance with Section 4.4 for
the immediately preceding Collection Period as compensation for its services. In addition, the Servicer will be entitled to retain all
Supplemental Servicing Fees. The Servicer also will be entitled to receive investment earnings (net of investment losses and expenses)
on funds deposited in the Collection Account and the Principal Distribution Account during each Collection Period.

SECTION 3.8 Servicers
Certificate.

(a) On
or before the Determination Date preceding each Payment Date, the Servicer shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee and each Paying Agent,
with a copy to each of the Rating Agencies, a Servicers Certificate containing all information necessary to make the payments,
transfers and distributions pursuant to Sections 4.3 and 4.4 on such Payment Date (and, if applicable, Section 5.4
of the Indenture), together with the written statements to be furnished by the Indenture Trustee to the Noteholders pursuant to Section 4.6
hereof and Section 6.6 of the Indenture. At the sole option of the Servicer, each Servicers Certificate may be delivered
in electronic or hard copy format.

(b) Benchmark
Replacement; Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Upon receipt of notice from the Administrator of the determination of a Benchmark
Replacement and/or the making of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Servicer shall include in the Servicers Certificate
any information regarding the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Date and any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
provided by the Administrator.

SECTION 3.9 Annual
Officers Certificate; Notice of Servicer Replacement Event.

(a) The
Servicer will deliver to the Issuer with a copy to the Indenture Trustee, on or before March 30 of each calendar year, beginning
on March 30, 2026, an Officers Certificate (with appropriate insertions) providing such information as is required under
Item 1123 of Regulation AB.

(b) The
Servicer will deliver to the Issuer, with a copy to the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and each Rating Agency promptly after having
obtained knowledge thereof, written notice in an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of
time, or both, would become a Servicer Replacement Event. Except to the extent set forth in this Section 3.9(b) and
Sections 7.2 and 9.22 of this Agreement and Section 3.12 of the Indenture, the Transaction Documents do not require
any policies or procedures to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default.

(c) The
Servicer will deliver to the Issuer, on or before March 30 of each year, beginning on March 30, 2026, a report regarding the
Servicers assessment of compliance with the Servicing Criteria during the immediately preceding calendar year, and shall address
the Servicing Criteria specified in Exhibit C or such other criteria as mutually agreed upon by the Seller and the Servicer,
including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance identified by the Servicer, as required under paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-18
and Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB.

10 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 3.10 Annual
Registered Public Accounting Firm Attestation. On or before the 90th day following the end of each fiscal year, beginning with the
fiscal year ending 2025, the Servicer shall cause a firm of independent registered public accountants (who may also render other services
to the Servicer, the Seller or their respective Affiliates) to furnish to the Issuer, with a copy to the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer,
and the Seller, each attestation report on assessments of compliance with the Servicing Criteria with respect to the Servicer or any
Affiliate thereof during the related fiscal year delivered by such accountants pursuant to paragraph (c) of Rule 13a-18 or
Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB. The certification required by this paragraph may be replaced by
any similar certification using other procedures or attestation standards which are now or in the future in use by servicers of comparable
assets, or which otherwise comply with any rule, regulation, no action letter or similar guidance promulgated by the Commission.

The Servicer, however, shall
not be obligated to add as an addressee or reliance party with respect to any report described above any Person who does not comply with
or agree to the required procedures of such firm of independent certified public accountants, including but not limited to execution
of engagement letters or access letters regarding such reports.

SECTION 3.11 Servicer
Expenses. The Servicer shall pay all expenses (other than expenses described in the definition of Liquidation Proceeds) incurred
by it in connection with its activities hereunder and under the Transaction Documents, including fees, expenses, indemnities and disbursements
of the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee (as more fully described in Section 6.7 of the Indenture and Sections 8.1 and 8.2
of the Trust Agreement) under the Transaction Documents, independent accountants, taxes imposed on the Servicer and expenses incurred
in connection with distributions and reports to the Noteholders and the Certificateholder.

SECTION 3.12 1934
Act Filings. The Issuer hereby authorizes the Servicer and the Seller, or either of them, to prepare, sign, certify and file any
and all reports, statements and information respecting the Issuer and/or the Notes required to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act,
and the rules thereunder.

SECTION 3.13 Noteholder
Communication.

(a) An
Investor may send a request to the Seller at any time notifying the Seller that such Investor would like to communicate with other Investors
with respect to an exercise of their rights under the terms of the Transaction Documents. Each request must include (i) the name
of the Investor making the request, (ii) a statement to the effect that such Investor is interested in communicating with other
Investors with regard to the possible exercise of rights under the Transaction Documents and (iii) a description of the method other
Investors may use to contact the requesting Investor. Additionally, in the case of a requesting Note Owner, the Seller may require such
Note Owner to provide Verification Documents. An Investor that delivers a request under this Section 3.13 will be deemed
to have certified to the Issuer and the Servicer that its request to communicate with other Investors relates solely to a possible exercise
of rights under the Transaction Documents and will not be used for other purposes.

11 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) The
Seller shall include in each monthly distribution report on Form 10-D any request that complies with the requirements of Section 3.13(a) hereof
received during the related Collection Period from an Investor to communicate with other Investors related to the Investors exercising
their rights under the terms of the Transaction Documents. The Seller shall include in any such monthly distribution report on Form 10-D
(i) the name of the Investor making the request, (ii) the date that the request was received, (iii) a statement to the
effect that the Issuer has received a request from such Investor stating that such Investor is interested in communicating with other
Investors with regard to the possible exercise of rights under the Transaction Documents and (iv) a description of the method other
Investors may use to contact the requesting Investor.

ARTICLE IV

DISTRIBUTIONS;
ACCOUNTS; STATEMENTS TO THE certificateholder AND THE noteHOLDERs

SECTION 4.1 Establishment
of Accounts.

(a) The
Servicer shall cause to be established:

(i) For the benefit of the Noteholders, in the
name of the Indenture Trustee, an Eligible Account (the Collection Account),
bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the
benefit of the Noteholders, which Eligible Account shall be initially established by and
maintained with the Intermediary. No checks shall be issued, printed or honored with respect
to the Collection Account.

(ii) For the benefit of the Noteholders, in
the name of the Indenture Trustee, an Eligible Account (the Principal Distribution
Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein
are held for the benefit of the Noteholders, which Eligible Account shall be initially established
by and maintained with the Intermediary and which may be a sub-account of the Collection
Account. No checks shall be issued, printed or honored with respect to the Principal Distribution
Account.

(iii) For the benefit of the Noteholders, in
the name of the Indenture Trustee, an Eligible Account (the Reserve Account),
bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the
benefit of the Noteholders, which Eligible Account shall be initially established by and
maintained with the Intermediary. No checks shall be issued, printed or honored with respect
to the Reserve Account.

(b) Funds
on deposit in the Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Principal Distribution Account (collectively, the Trust Accounts)
shall be invested by the Indenture Trustee in Permitted Investments selected in writing by the Servicer and of which the Servicer provides
notification (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise); provided, that it is understood and agreed that neither the Servicer,
the Indenture Trustee nor the Issuer shall be liable for any loss arising from such investment in Permitted Investments. All such Permitted
Investments shall be held by or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee as secured party for the benefit of the Noteholders; provided,
that on each Payment Date all interest and other investment income (net of losses and investment expenses) on funds on deposit in the
Collection Account and the Principal Distribution Account shall be distributed to the Servicer and shall not be available to pay the
distributions provided for in Section 4.4. All investments of funds on deposit in the Trust Accounts shall mature so that
such funds will be available on the next Payment Date. No Permitted Investment shall be sold or otherwise disposed of prior to its scheduled
maturity unless a default occurs with respect to such Permitted Investment and the Servicer directs the Indenture Trustee in writing
to dispose of such Permitted Investment.

12 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(c) The
Indenture Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and in
all proceeds thereof and all such funds, investments and proceeds shall be part of the Trust Estate. Except as otherwise provided herein,
the Trust Accounts shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. If, at any
time, any Trust Account ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Servicer shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee (unless such Trust
Account is an account with the Indenture Trustee) in writing and within ten Business Days (or any longer period if the Rating Agency
Condition is satisfied with respect to such longer period) after becoming aware of the fact, establish a new Trust Account as an Eligible
Account and shall direct the Indenture Trustee to transfer any cash and/or any investments to such new Trust Account.

(d) With
respect to the Trust Account Property, the parties hereto agree that:

(i) any Trust Account Property that consists
of uninvested funds shall be held solely in Eligible Accounts and, except as otherwise provided
herein, each such Eligible Account shall be subject to the exclusive custody and control
of the Indenture Trustee, and, except as otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents,
the Indenture Trustee or its designee shall have sole signature authority with respect thereto;

(ii) any Trust Account Property that constitutes
Physical Property shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee or its designee, in accordance
with paragraph (a) of the definition of Delivery and shall
be held, pending maturity or disposition, solely by the Indenture Trustee or any such designee;

(iii) any Trust Account Property that is an
uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed
by clause (iv) below shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee or its designee
in accordance with paragraph (c) of the definition of Delivery
and shall be maintained by the Indenture Trustee or such designee, pending maturity or disposition,
through continued registration of the Indenture Trustees (or its designees)
ownership of such security on the books of the issuer thereof;

(iv) any Trust Account Property that is an uncertificated
security that is a book-entry security (as such term is defined in Federal
Reserve Bank Operating Circular No. 7) held in a securities account at a Federal Reserve
Bank and eligible for transfer through the Fedwire Securities Service operated by the
Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations shall be delivered in accordance
with paragraph (b) of the definition of Delivery and shall
be maintained by the Indenture Trustee or its designee or a securities intermediary (as such
term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC) acting solely for the Indenture
Trustee or such designee, pending maturity or disposition, through continued book-entry registration
of such Trust Account Property as described in such paragraph; and

13 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(v) to the extent any Trust Account Property
is credited to a securities account, the account agreement establishing such securities account
shall provide that the account agreement is governed solely by the law of the State of New
York, the Indenture Trustee has control within the meaning of Section 8-106(d)(2) of
the UCC, and that the law of the State of New York shall govern all issues specified in Article 2(1) of
the Hague Securities Convention; and such institution acting as securities intermediary shall
have at the time of entry of the account agreement and shall continue to have at all relevant
times one or more offices (within the meaning of the Hague Securities Convention) in the
United States of America which satisfies the criteria provided in Article 4(1)(a) or
(b) of the Hague Securities Convention.

(e) The
Indenture Trustee, to the extent it is acting in the capacity of Intermediary with respect to Trust Account Property, represents, warrants
and covenants that:

(i) it is a securities intermediary,
as such term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(14)(ii) of the relevant UCC, that in
the ordinary course of its business maintains securities accounts for others,
as such term is used in Section 8-501 of the relevant UCC, and an intermediary
as defined in the Hague Securities Convention;

(ii) pursuant to Section 8-110(e)(1) of
the relevant UCC for purposes of the relevant UCC, the jurisdiction of the Indenture Trustee
as securities intermediary is the State of New York. Further, the law of the State of New
York shall govern all issues specified in Article 2(1) of the Hague Securities
Convention; and

(iii) the Indenture Trustee has and shall continue
to have at all relevant times one or more offices (within the meaning of the Hague Securities
Convention) in the United States of America engaged in a business or other regular activity
of maintaining securities account.

(f) To
the extent that there are any other agreements with the Indenture Trustee governing the Trust Accounts, the parties agree that each and
every such agreement is hereby amended to provide that, with respect to the Trust Accounts, the law applicable to all issues specified
in Article 2(1) of the Hague Securities Convention shall be the laws of the State of New York.

14 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(g) Except
for the Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Principal Distribution Account, there are no accounts required to be maintained
under the Transaction Documents.

SECTION 4.2 Remittances.
The Servicer shall deposit an amount equal to all Collections into the Collection Account within two Business Days after identification;
provided, however, that if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, then the Servicer shall not be required to deposit
into the Collection Account an amount equal to the Collections received during any Collection Period until 11:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the following Payment Date, provided, further, that if the Collection Account is not maintained at the Indenture
Trustee or the Intermediary, then deposits into the Collection Account shall be made on the Business Day preceding each Payment Date
(so long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is met). The Monthly Remittance Condition shall be deemed to be satisfied
if (i) VCI is the Servicer, (ii) no Servicer Replacement Event has occurred and is continuing and (iii) either (x) VCI
has a short-term debt rating of at least P-1 from Moodys and F1 from Fitch or (y) an entity with
such ratings has guaranteed the obligations of VCI under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer may remit Collections
to the Collection Account on any other alternate remittance schedule (but not later than the related Payment Date) if the Rating Agency
Condition is satisfied with respect to such alternate remittance schedule. Pending deposit into the Collection Account, Collections may
be commingled and used by the Servicer at its own risk and are not required to be segregated from its own funds.

SECTION 4.3 Additional
Deposits and Payments; Servicer Advances.

(a) On
or prior to each Payment Date, the Servicer and the Seller will deposit into the Collection Account the aggregate Repurchase Price with
respect to Repurchased Receivables purchased by the Servicer or the Seller, respectively, on such Payment Date or during the related
Collection Period and the Servicer will deposit into the Collection Account all amounts, if any, to be paid under Section 8.1
in connection with the Optional Purchase. All such deposits with respect to a Payment Date will be made, in immediately available
funds by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Payment Date.

(b) The
Indenture Trustee will, on each Payment Date, withdraw from the Reserve Account the Reserve Account Excess Amount, if any, for such Payment
Date and deposit such amounts in the Collection Account in accordance with the Servicers Certificate.

(c) On
each Payment Date, the Servicer may in its sole discretion deposit into the Collection Account prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time,
an advance in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) any shortfall in the amounts available to make the payments in clauses
first through fifth of Section 4.4(a) and (b) the aggregate scheduled monthly payments due on Receivables
but not received during and prior to the related Collection Period (an Advance); provided, however,
that the Servicer shall not be obligated to make any Advances. No Advances will be made with respect to Defaulted Receivables.

(d) The
Indenture Trustee will, on each Payment Date, withdraw from the Reserve Account the Reserve Account Draw Amount and deposit such amount
in the Collection Account in accordance with the Servicers Certificate.

15 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(e) On
the Closing Date the Seller will deposit, or cause to be deposited from proceeds of the sale of the Notes, into the Reserve Account an
amount equal to the Initial Reserve Account Deposit Amount.

SECTION 4.4 Distributions.

(a) Prior
to any acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Indenture, on each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee (based on
information contained in, and as directed by, the Servicers Certificate delivered on or before the related Determination Date
pursuant to Section 3.8) shall make the following deposits and distributions, to the extent of Available Funds, Advances
made on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 4.3(c) and the Reserve Account Draw Amount, on deposit in the Collection
Account for such Payment Date, in the following order of priority:

(i) first, to the Servicer (or any predecessor Servicer, if applicable)
for reimbursement of all outstanding Advances;

(ii) second, to the Servicer, the Servicing Fee and all unpaid Servicing
Fees with respect to prior periods;

(iii) third, pro rata, to the Owner Trustee,
the Indenture Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer, fees and expenses (including
indemnification amounts) due and owing under the Trust Agreement, the Indenture and the Asset
Representations Review Agreement, as applicable, which have not been previously paid, provided,
that the amounts payable pursuant to this clause shall be limited to $275,000 per annum in
the aggregate;

(iv) fourth, to the Noteholders, the
Accrued Note Interest for the related Interest Period; provided, that if there are
not sufficient funds available to pay the entire amount of the Accrued Note Interest, the
amounts available will be applied to the payment of such interest on the Notes on a pro rata
basis based on the amount of interest owing;

(v) fifth, to the Principal Distribution
Account for distribution to the Noteholders pursuant to Section 8.2(c) of the Indenture,
the Principal Distribution Amount;

(vi) sixth, to the Reserve Account, any
additional amounts required to increase the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account up to
the Specified Reserve Account Balance;

(vii) seventh, pro rata, to the Owner
Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer, all amounts due pursuant
to clause third above to the extent not paid in such clause; and

(viii) eighth, to or at the direction
of the Certificateholder, any funds remaining.

16 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.4,
following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default which has resulted in an acceleration of the Notes, the Indenture
Trustee shall apply all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account pursuant to Section 5.4(b) of the Indenture.

(b) Upon
and after any distribution to the Certificateholder of any amounts, the Noteholders shall not have any rights in, or claims to, those
amounts. After the payment in full of the Notes and all other amounts payable under Section 4.4(a), all Collections shall
be paid to or in accordance with the instructions provided from time to time by the Certificateholder.

SECTION 4.5 Net
Deposits. If the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, the Servicer shall be permitted to deposit into the Collection Account
only the net amount distributable to Persons other than the Servicer and its Affiliates on the Payment Date. The Servicer shall, however,
account as if all of the deposits and distributions described herein were made individually.

SECTION 4.6 Statements
to Certificateholder and Noteholders. On or before each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee and
each Paying Agent (with a copy to each Rating Agency and the Issuer), and on each Payment Date the Indenture Trustee shall forward (or
make available on its website, as described below) to each Noteholder of record as of the most recent Record Date, a statement setting
forth for the Collection Period and Payment Date relating to such Determination Date the following information (to the extent applicable):

(a) the
aggregate amount being paid on such Payment Date in respect of interest on and principal of each Class of Notes;

(b) the
Class A-1 Note Balance, the Class A-2-A Note Balance, the Class A-2-B Note Balance, the Class A-3 Note Balance and
the Class A-4 Note Balance in each case after giving effect to payments on such Payment Date;

(c) (i) the
amount on deposit in the Reserve Account and the Specified Reserve Account Balance, each as of the beginning and end of the related Collection
Period, (ii) the amount deposited in the Reserve Account in respect of such Payment Date, if any, (iii) the Reserve Account
Draw Amount and the Reserve Account Excess Amount, if any, to be withdrawn from the Reserve Account on such Payment Date, (iv) the
balance on deposit in the Reserve Account on such Payment Date after giving effect to withdrawals therefrom and deposits thereto in respect
of such Payment Date and (v) the change in such balance from the immediately preceding Payment Date;

(d) the
Principal Distribution Amount for such Payment Date;

(e) the
Net Pool Balance and the Note Factor as of the close of business on the last day of the preceding Collection Period;

(f) the
number of, and aggregate amount of monthly principal and interest payments due on, the related Receivables which are delinquent as of
the end of the related Collection Period;

17 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(g) the
amount of the Servicing Fee to be paid to the Servicer with respect to the related Collection Period and the amount of any unpaid Servicing
Fees;

(h) the
amount of the Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall, if any, on such Payment Date and the change in such amounts from the preceding
Payment Date;

(i) the
aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to Repurchased Receivables paid by (i) the Servicer and (ii) the Seller with respect
to the related Collection Period;

(j) the
amount of Advances, if any, on such Payment Date;

(k) the
amount of Collections for the related Collection Period;

(l) the
aggregate amount of proceeds received by the Servicer, net of reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses, in respect of a Receivable which is
a Defaulted Receivable;

(m) the
number and outstanding balance of Receivables for which the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed;

(n) the
amount remaining of any Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount, credit, or liquidity enhancement, if applicable;

(o) the
Delinquency Percentage for the related Collection Period;

(p) the
Delinquency Trigger for such Payment Date;

(q) any
SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes; and

(r) if
a Benchmark Transition Event occurs, the Benchmark Replacement Date, the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes for the Class A-2-B Notes for the related Interest Period.

Each amount set forth pursuant to paragraph
(a) or (g) above relating to the Notes shall be expressed as a dollar amount per $1,000 of the Initial Note Balance
of the Notes (or Class thereof).

No disbursements shall be
made directly by the Servicer to a Noteholder, and the Servicer shall not be required to maintain any investor record relating to the
posting of disbursements or otherwise.

The Indenture Trustee shall
make available via the Indenture Trustees internet website all reports or notices required to be provided by the Indenture Trustee
under this Section 4.6. Any information that is disseminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.6
shall not be required to be disseminated in any other form or manner. The Indenture Trustee will make no representations or warranties
as to the accuracy or completeness of such documents and will assume no responsibility therefor.

18 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

The Indenture Trustees
internet website shall be initially located at www.sf.citidirect.com or at such other address as shall be specified by the Indenture
Trustee from time to time in writing to the Noteholders, the Servicer, the Issuer or any Paying Agent. In connection with providing access
to the Indenture Trustees internet website, the Indenture Trustee may require registration and the acceptance of a disclaimer.
The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the dissemination of information in accordance with this Agreement. The Indenture Trustee
shall notify the Noteholders in writing of any changes in the address of or means of access to the Internet website where the reports
are accessible.

SECTION 4.7 No
Duty to Confirm. The Indenture Trustee shall have no duty or obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of any of the information
or numbers set forth in the Servicers Certificate delivered by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee, and the Indenture Trustee
shall be fully protected in relying upon such Servicers Certificate.

ARTICLE V

THE SELLER

SECTION 5.1 Representations
and Warranties of Seller. The Seller makes the following representations and warranties as of the Closing Date on which the Issuer
will be deemed to have relied in acquiring the Transferred Assets. The representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and will survive the conveyance of the Transferred Assets to the Issuer and the pledge thereof by the Issuer to the
Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Seller is a limited liability company validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
and has, in all material respects, all power and authority required to carry on its business as it is now conducted. The Seller has obtained
all necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect the ability
of the Seller to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents or affect the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables
or any other part of the Transferred Assets.

(b) Authorization
and No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is a party (i) have
been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action on the part of the Seller and (ii) do not contravene or constitute
a default under (A) any applicable law, rule or regulation, (B) its organizational documents or (C) any material
agreement, contract, order or other instrument to which it is a party or its property is subject (other than violations which do not
affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not materially
and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by, or the Sellers ability to perform its obligations under, the Transaction
Documents).

(c) No
Consent Required. No approval or authorization by, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of any Transaction Document other than (i) UCC filings, (ii) approvals and
authorizations that have previously been obtained and filings that have previously been made and (iii) approvals, authorizations
or filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables
or any other part of the Transferred Assets or would not materially and adversely affect the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations
under the Transaction Documents.

19 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(d) Binding
Effect. Each Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller
enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and, if applicable,
the rights of creditors of limited liability companies from time to time in effect or by general principles of equity.

(e) Lien
Filings. The Seller is not aware of any material judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against the Seller.

(f) No
Proceedings. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the Seller
before or by any Governmental Authority that (i) assert the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents, (ii) seek to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (iii) seek any determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the collectibility
or enforceability of the Receivables or (iv) relate to the Seller that would materially and adversely affect the federal or Applicable
Tax State income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

(g) State
of Organization; Name; No Changes. The Sellers state of organization is the State of Delaware. The Sellers exact legal
name is Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC. Seller has not changed its name whether by amendment of its limited liability
company agreement, by reorganization or otherwise, and has not changed its state of organization, within the four months preceding the
Closing Date.

(h) Assignment.
The Receivables and the other Transferred Assets have been validly assigned by the Seller to the Issuer.

(i) Security
Interests. The Seller has not authorized the filing of any financing statements against the Seller that includes a description of
collateral covering any Receivable other than any financing statement relating to security interests granted under the Transaction Documents
or that have been or, prior to the assignment of such Receivables hereunder, will be terminated, amended or released. This Agreement
creates a valid and continuing security interest in the Receivables (other than the Related Security with respect thereto, to the extent
that an ownership interest therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement) in favor of the Issuer which security
interest is prior to all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and is enforceable as such against all other creditors of and purchasers
and assignees from the Seller.

20 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 5.2 Liability
of Seller; Indemnities. The Seller shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken
by the Seller under this Agreement, and hereby agrees to the following:

(a) The
Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee from and against any loss, liability
or expense incurred by reason of the Sellers violation of federal or State securities laws in connection with the registration
or the sale of the Notes.

(b) The
Seller will pay any and all taxes levied or assessed upon the Issuer or upon all or any part of the Trust Estate.

(c) Indemnification
under this Section 5.2 will survive the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee and the termination
of this Agreement and will include, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation. If the Seller
has made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section 5.2 and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made
thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, such Person will promptly repay such amounts to the Seller, without interest.

(d) The
Sellers obligations under this Section 5.2 are obligations solely of the Seller and will not constitute a claim against
the Seller to the extent that the Seller does not have funds sufficient to make payment of such obligations. In furtherance of and not
in derogation of the foregoing, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee, by entering into or accepting
this Agreement, acknowledge and agree that they have no right, title or interest in or to the Other Assets of the Seller. To the extent
that, notwithstanding the agreements and provisions contained in the preceding sentence, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee
or the Owner Trustee either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or benefit from, Other Assets or (ii) is deemed to have any
such interest, claim to, or benefit in or from Other Assets, whether by operation of law, legal process, pursuant to applicable provisions
of insolvency laws or otherwise (including by virtue of Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or any successor provision having
similar effect under the Bankruptcy Code), then the Issuer, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee further acknowledges
and agrees that any such interest, claim or benefit in or from Other Assets is and will be expressly subordinated to the indefeasible
payment in full, which, under the terms of the relevant documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of such Other Assets,
are entitled to be paid from, entitled to the benefits of, or otherwise secured by such Other Assets (whether or not any such entitlement
or security interest is legally perfected or otherwise entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including
insolvency laws, and whether or not asserted against the Seller), including the payment of post-petition interest on such other obligations
and liabilities. This subordination agreement will be deemed a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of
the Bankruptcy Code. The Issuer, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee each further acknowledges and agrees that
no adequate remedy at law exists for a breach of this Section 5.2(d) and the terms of this Section 5.2(d) may
be enforced by an action for specific performance. The provisions of this Section 5.2(d) will be for the third party
benefit of those entitled to rely thereon and will survive the termination of this Agreement.

21 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 5.3 Merger
or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Seller. Any Person (i) into which the Seller may be merged or consolidated,
(ii) resulting from any merger, conversion, or consolidation to which the Seller is a party, (iii) succeeding to the business
of the Seller or (iv) of which Volkswagen AG owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting stock or voting power and
50% or more of the economic equity, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation
of the Seller under this Agreement, will be the successor to the Seller under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any document
or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Seller enters into any
of the foregoing transactions and is not the surviving entity, (x) the Seller shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such merger, conversion, consolidation or succession and such agreement of assumption
comply with this Section 5.3 and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction
have been complied with and (y) the Seller will deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either (A) stating that,
in the opinion of such counsel, all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been executed and filed
that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in the Receivables,
and reciting the details of such filings or (B) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to preserve
and protect such interest. The Seller will provide notice of any merger, conversion, consolidation, or succession pursuant to this Section 5.3
to the Rating Agencies. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the execution of the foregoing agreement of assumption and
compliance with clauses (x) and (y) of this Section 5.3 will be conditions to the consummation
of any of the transactions referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 5.3
in which the Seller is not the surviving entity.

SECTION 5.4 Limitation
on Liability of Seller and Others. The Seller and any officer or employee or agent of the Seller may rely in good faith on the advice
of counsel or on any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder.
The Seller will not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute, or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its obligations
under this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability.

SECTION 5.5 Seller
May Own Notes. The Seller, and any Affiliate of the Seller, may in its individual or any other capacity become the owner or
pledgee of Notes with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Seller or an Affiliate thereof, except as otherwise expressly
provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents. Except as set forth herein or in the other Transaction Documents, Notes so owned
by the Seller or any such Affiliate will have an equal and proportionate benefit under the provisions of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, without preference, priority, or distinction as among all of the Notes. Unless all Notes are owned by the Issuer,
the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates, any Notes owned by the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer,
the Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates shall be disregarded with respect to the determination of any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, vote or waiver hereunder or under any other Transaction Document.

SECTION 5.6 Sarbanes-Oxley
Act Requirements. To the extent any documents are required to be filed or any certification is required to be made with respect to
the Issuer or the Notes pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Issuer hereby authorizes the Servicer and the Seller, or either of them,
to prepare, sign, certify and file any such documents or certifications on behalf of the Issuer.

22 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 5.7 Compliance
with Organizational Documents. The Seller shall comply with its limited liability company agreement and other organizational documents.

ARTICLE VI

THE SERVICER

SECTION 6.1 Representations
of Servicer. The Servicer makes the following representations and warranties as of the Closing Date on which the Issuer will be deemed
to have relied in acquiring the Transferred Assets. The representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and will survive the conveyance of the Transferred Assets to the Issuer and the pledge thereof by the Issuer to the Indenture
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Servicer is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware and has, in all material
respects, all power and authority to carry on its business as it is now conducted. The Servicer has obtained all necessary licenses and
approvals in each jurisdiction where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Servicer to perform
its obligations under the Transaction Documents or affect the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables or any other part of
the Transferred Assets.

(b) Authorization
and No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
(i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Servicer and (ii) do not contravene or constitute
a default under (A) any applicable law, rule or regulation, (B) its organizational documents or (C) any material
agreement, contract, order or other instrument to which it is a party or its property is subject (other than violations which do not
affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not materially
and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by, or the Servicers ability to perform its obligations under, the Transaction
Documents).

(c) No
Consent Required. No approval or authorization by, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of any Transaction Document other than (i) UCC filings, (ii) approvals
and authorizations that have previously been obtained and filings that have previously been made and (iii) approvals, authorizations
or filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables
or would not materially and adversely affect the ability of the Servicer to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.

(d) Binding
Effect. Each Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Servicer
enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally
and, if applicable, the rights of creditors of corporations from time to time in effect or by general principles of equity.

23 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(e) No
Proceedings. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Servicer, threatened against the Servicer
before or by any Governmental Authority that (i) assert the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents, (ii) seek to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (iii) seek any determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or (iv) relate
to the Servicer that would materially and adversely affect the federal or Applicable Tax State income, excise, franchise or similar tax
attributes of the Notes.

(f) Fidelity
Bond. The Servicer shall not be required to maintain a fidelity bond or error and omissions policy.

SECTION 6.2 Indemnities
of Servicer. The Servicer will be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken by
the Servicer under this Agreement, and hereby agrees to the following:

(a) The
Servicer will defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Seller from and against
any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership or operation
by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof of a Financed Vehicle.

(b) The
Servicer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee from and against any taxes
that may at any time be asserted against any such Person with respect to the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Transaction
Documents, if any, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege,
or license taxes and costs and expenses in defending against the same. For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer will not indemnify for
any costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities due to the credit risk of the Obligor and for which reimbursement would constitute
recourse for uncollectible Receivables.

(c) The
Servicer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Seller from and against
any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or
liability arose out of, or was imposed upon any such Person through, the negligence, willful misfeasance, or bad faith (other than errors
in judgment) of the Servicer in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a
party, or by reason of its failure to perform its obligations or of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party; provided, however, that the Servicer will not indemnify for any
costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from its breach of any covenant for which the repurchase of the affected
Receivables is specified as the sole remedy pursuant to Section 3.6.

(d) The
Servicer will compensate and indemnify the Owner Trustee to the extent and subject to the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.2
of the Trust Agreement. The Servicer will compensate and indemnify the Indenture Trustee to the extent and subject to the conditions
set forth in Section 6.7 of the Indenture, except to the extent that any cost, expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises
out of or is incurred in connection with the performance by the Indenture Trustee of the duties of a successor Servicer hereunder.

24 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(e) Indemnification
under this Section 6.2 by VCI (or any successor thereto pursuant to Section 7.1) as Servicer, with respect to
the period such Person was the Servicer, will survive the termination of such Person as Servicer or a resignation by such Person as Servicer
as well as the termination of this Agreement and the Trust Agreement or the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture
Trustee and will include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation. If the Servicer has made any indemnity payments
pursuant to this Section 6.2 and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter collects any of such
amounts from others, such Person will promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, without interest. The indemnification obligations
of VCI under the first sentence of this Section 6.2(d) shall survive the resignation and removal of VCI as Servicer.

SECTION 6.3 Merger
or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Servicer. Any Person (i) into which the Servicer may be merged or
consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger, conversion, or consolidation to which the Servicer is a party, (iii) succeeding
to the business of the Servicer or (iv) of which Volkswagen AG owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting stock or
voting power and 50% or more of the economic equity, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to
perform every obligation of the Servicer under this Agreement, will be the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement without the
execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Servicer enters into any of the foregoing transactions and is not the surviving entity, (x) the Servicer shall deliver to
the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such merger, conversion, consolidation,
or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section 6.3 and that all conditions precedent provided for
in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with and (y) the Servicer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee
an Opinion of Counsel either (A) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all financing statements and continuation statements
and amendments thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Issuer and the
Indenture Trustee, respectively, in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or (B) stating that, in the opinion
of such counsel, no such action is necessary to preserve and protect such interests. The Servicer will provide notice of any merger,
conversion, consolidation or succession pursuant to this Section 6.3 to the Rating Agencies.

SECTION 6.4 Limitation
on Liability of Servicer and Others.

(a) Neither
the Servicer nor any of the directors or officers or employees or agents of the Servicer will be under any liability to the Issuer, the
Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders or the Certificateholder, except as provided under this Agreement, for any action
taken or for refraining from the taking of any action pursuant to this Agreement or for errors in judgment; provided, however,
that this provision will not protect the Servicer or any such Person against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason
of willful misfeasance or bad faith in the performance of duties or by reason of its failure to perform its obligations or of reckless
disregard of obligations and duties under this Agreement, or by reason of negligence in the performance of its duties under this Agreement
(except for errors in judgment). The Servicer and any director, officer or employee or agent of the Servicer may rely in good faith on
any Opinion of Counsel or on any Officers Certificate of the Seller or certificate of auditors believed to be genuine and to have
been signed by the proper party in respect of any matters arising under this Agreement.

25 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) Except
as provided in this Agreement, the Servicer shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that
is not incidental to its duties to service the Receivables in accordance with this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it
in any expense or liability; provided, however, that the Servicer may undertake any reasonable action that it may deem
necessary or desirable in respect of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties to this Agreement and the interests of the
Noteholders and the Certificateholder under this Agreement. In such event, the legal expenses and costs of such action and any liability
resulting therefrom will be expenses, costs and liabilities of the Servicer.

SECTION 6.5 Delegation
of Duties. The Servicer may, at any time without notice or consent, delegate (a) any or all of its duties (including, without
limitation, its duties as custodian) under the Transaction Documents to any of its Affiliates or (b) specific duties to sub-contractors
who are in the business of performing such duties; provided, that no such delegation shall relieve the Servicer of its responsibility
with respect to such duties and the Servicer shall remain obligated and liable to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for its duties
hereunder as if the Servicer alone were performing such duties. For any servicing activities delegated to third parties in accordance
with this Section 6.5, the Servicer shall follow such policies and procedures to monitor the performance of such third parties
and compliance with such servicing activities as the Servicer follows with respect to comparable motor vehicle receivables serviced by
the Servicer for its own account.

SECTION 6.6 VCI
Not to Resign as Servicer. Subject to the provisions of Sections 6.3 and 6.5, VCI shall not resign from the obligations
and duties hereby imposed on it as Servicer under this Agreement except upon determination that the performance of its duties under this
Agreement is no longer permissible under applicable law. Notice of any such determination permitting the resignation of VCI will be communicated
to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee at the earliest practicable time (and, if such communication is not in writing, will be confirmed
in writing at the earliest practicable time) and any such determination will be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel to such effect delivered
to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee concurrently with or promptly after such notice. No such resignation will become effective until
a successor Servicer has (i) assumed the responsibilities and obligations of VCI as Servicer and (ii) provided in writing the
information reasonably requested by the Seller to comply with its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to a replacement
Servicer.

SECTION 6.7 Servicer
May Own Notes. The Servicer, and any Affiliate of the Servicer, may, in its individual or any other capacity, become the owner
or pledgee of Notes with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof, except as otherwise expressly
provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents. Except as set forth herein or in the other Transaction Documents, Notes so owned
by or pledged to the Servicer or such Affiliate will have an equal and proportionate benefit under the provisions of this Agreement,
without preference, priority or distinction as among all of the Notes.

26 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

ARTICLE VII

REPLACEMENT
OF SERVICER

SECTION 7.1 Replacement
of Servicer.

(a) If
a Servicer Replacement Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the direction of Holders of at least
66 2/3% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, by notice given to the Servicer, the Owner Trustee,
the Issuer, the Administrator and the Noteholders, terminate the rights and obligations of the Servicer under this Agreement with respect
to the Receivables. In the event the Servicer is removed or resigns as Servicer with respect to servicing the Receivables, the Indenture
Trustee shall appoint a successor Servicer. Upon the Servicers receipt of notice of termination the predecessor Servicer will
continue to perform its functions as Servicer under this Agreement only until the date specified in such termination notice or, if no
such date is specified in such termination notice, until receipt of such notice. If a successor Servicer has not been appointed at the
time when the predecessor Servicer ceases to act as Servicer in accordance with this Section, the Indenture Trustee without further action
will automatically be appointed the successor Servicer; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee, as successor Servicer shall not
be responsible, in its individual capacity, for the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, Issuer, any custodian,
the Administrator, Independent accountants or expenses incurred in connection with the distribution and reports to the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding the above, the Indenture Trustee, if it is legally unable or is unwilling to so act, will appoint, or petition a court
of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a successor Servicer. Any successor Servicer shall be an established institution having a net worth
of not less than $100,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of comparable motor vehicle receivables having an aggregate
outstanding principal balance of not less than $50,000,000.

(b) Noteholders
holding not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes may waive any Servicer Replacement
Event. Upon any such waiver, such Servicer Replacement Event shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred
for every purpose of this Agreement, but no such waiver shall extend to any prior, subsequent or other Servicer Replacement Event or
impair any right consequent thereto.

(c) If
replaced, the Servicer agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the servicing
of the Receivables to a successor Servicer. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with transferring the Receivable
Files to the successor Servicer and all other reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transfer to the successor
Servicer related to the performance by the Servicer hereunder will be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of reasonable
documentation of such costs and expenses.

27 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(d) Upon
the effectiveness of the assumption by the successor Servicer of its duties pursuant to this Section 7.1, the successor Servicer
shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer under this Agreement with respect to the Receivables,
and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities relating thereto, except with respect to the obligations of
the predecessor Servicer that survive its termination as Servicer, including indemnification obligations as set forth in Section 6.2(e).
In such event, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee are hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the
predecessor Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments, and to do or accomplish all other
acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such termination and replacement of the Servicer, whether to complete
the transfer and endorsement of the Receivables and related documents, or otherwise. No Servicer shall resign or be relieved of its duties
under this Agreement, as Servicer of the Receivables, until a newly appointed Servicer for the Receivables shall have assumed the responsibilities
and obligations of the resigning or terminated Servicer under this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 7.1(a).

(e) In
connection with such appointment, the Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of the successor Servicer out
of Available Funds as it and such successor Servicer will agree; provided, however, that no such compensation will be in
excess of the amount paid to the predecessor Servicer under this Agreement.

(f) The
predecessor Servicer shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for any outstanding Advances made with respect to the Receivables to
the extent funds are available therefor in accordance with Section 4.4.

SECTION 7.2 Notification
to Noteholders. Upon any termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer pursuant to this Article VII,
the Indenture Trustee will give prompt written notice thereof to the Owner Trustee, the Issuer, the Administrator, the Asset Representations
Reviewer and to the Noteholders at their respective addresses of record.

ARTICLE VIII

OPTIONAL
PURCHASE

SECTION 8.1 Optional
Purchase of Trust Estate. If VCI is the Servicer, then the Servicer shall have the right at its option (the Optional Purchase)
to purchase the Trust Estate (other than the Reserve Account) from the Issuer on any Payment Date if the Net Pool Balance as of the last
day of the related Collection Period is less than or equal to 10% of the Net Pool Balance as of the Cut-Off Date. The purchase price
for the Trust Estate (other than the Reserve Account) shall equal the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Notes plus accrued
and unpaid interest thereon (after giving effect to all distributions pursuant to Section 4.4(a) on that Payment Date)
at the applicable Interest Rate up to but excluding the Redemption Date (the Optional Purchase Price), which amount
shall be deposited by the Servicer into the Collection Account on the Redemption Date. If VCI, as Servicer, exercises the Optional Purchase,
the Notes shall be redeemed and in each case in whole but not in part on the related Payment Date for the Redemption Price.

28 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS

SECTION 9.1 Amendment.

(a) Any
term or provision of this Agreement may be amended by the Seller and the Servicer without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, any Noteholder,
the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or any other Person subject to the satisfaction of one of the following conditions:

(i) the Seller or the Servicer delivers an Opinion
of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially
and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders;

(ii) the Seller or the Servicer delivers an
Officers Certificate of the Seller or Servicer, respectively, to the Indenture Trustee
to the effect that such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests
of the Noteholders; or

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied
with respect to such amendment and the Seller or the Servicer notifies the Indenture Trustee
in writing that the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment;

provided, that no amendment shall be effective
which affects the rights, protections or duties of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee without the prior written consent of such
Person.

(b) This
Agreement (including Appendix A) may also be amended from time to time by Seller, Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, with the
consent of the Noteholders evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes,
for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying
in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, that no such amendment shall (i) reduce the interest rate or principal
amount of any Note or change or delay the Final Scheduled Payment Date of any Note without the consent of the Holder of such Note or
(ii) reduce the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, the consent of which is required
to consent to any matter without the consent of the Holders of at least the percentage of the Note Balance which were required to consent
to such matter before giving effect to such amendment. It will not be necessary for the consent of Noteholders to approve the particular
form of any proposed amendment or consent, but it will be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining
such consents (and any other consents of Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution
thereof by Noteholders will be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment
of record dates pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement.

(c) Prior
to the execution of any such amendment, the Servicer shall provide written notification of the substance of such amendment to each Rating
Agency; and promptly after the execution of any such amendment, the Servicer (i) shall furnish a copy of such amendment to each
Rating Agency and the Indenture Trustee and (ii) if this Agreement is amended in accordance with clauses (i) or (ii) of
Section 9.1(a), shall furnish a copy of such Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate, as the case may be, to each
of the Rating Agencies.

29 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(d) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Seller, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive
and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement
and that all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into or execute on behalf of the Issuer any such amendment which adversely affects
the Owner Trustees or the Indenture Trustees, as applicable, own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything under this Section 9.1 of this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, to the extent permitted
by the TIA, this Agreement (including Appendix A) may be amended by the Seller and Servicer without the consent of the Indenture
Trustee, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, any Noteholder or any other Person and without satisfying any other provision in this Section 9.1
or any other Transaction Document solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination
of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that
the Issuer has delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment is executed; provided,
further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not affect
the rights, indemnities or obligations of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee without the Owner Trustees or the Indenture
Trustees consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes in any amendment to this Agreement may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and
this Agreement may be amended more than once in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes.

SECTION 9.2 Protection
of Title.

(a) The
Seller shall authorize and file such financing statements and cause to be authorized and filed such continuation and other statements,
all in such manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Issuer and
the Indenture Trustee under this Agreement in the Receivables (other than any Related Security with respect thereto, to the extent that
the interest of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee therein cannot be perfected by the filing of a financing statement). The Seller shall
deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Issuer file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above.

(b) None
of the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer shall change its name, identity, organizational structure or jurisdiction of organization in
any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by the Seller in accordance with paragraph (a) above
seriously misleading within the meaning of Sections 9-506, 9-507 or 9-508 of the UCC, unless it shall have given the Issuer
and the Indenture Trustee at least five days prior written notice thereof and, to the extent necessary, has promptly filed amendments
to previously filed financing statements or continuation statements described in paragraph (a) above (or shall have made arrangements
to take such action substantially simultaneously with such change, if it is not practicable to take such action in advance).

30 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(c) The
Seller shall give the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee at least five days prior written notice of any change of location of the
Seller for purposes of Section 9-307 of the UCC and shall have taken all action prior to making such change (or shall have made
arrangements to take such action substantially simultaneously with such change, if it is not practicable to take such action in advance)
reasonably necessary or advisable to amend all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements described in paragraph
(a) above.

(d) The
Servicer shall maintain (or shall cause its Sub-Servicer to maintain) in accordance with its Customary Servicing Practices accounts and
records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader thereof to know at any time the status
of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between
payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the amounts from time to time deposited in the Collection Account
in respect of such Receivable.

(e) The
Servicer shall maintain (or shall cause its Sub-Servicer to maintain) its computer systems so that, from time to time after the conveyance
under this Agreement of the Receivables, the master computer records (including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall
indicate clearly the interest of the Issuer in such Receivable and that such Receivable is owned by the Issuer and has been pledged to
the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Indication of the Issuers interest in a Receivable shall not be deleted from
or modified on such computer systems until, and only until, the related Receivable shall have been paid in full, repurchased by the Seller
pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof, repurchased by VCI pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement or purchased by
the Servicer in accordance with Section 3.6 hereof.

(f) If
at any time the Servicer shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any interest in motor vehicle receivables
to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee
computer tapes, records or printouts (including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever
to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Issuer and has been pledged to the Indenture
Trustee.

(g) The
Servicer, upon receipt of reasonable prior notice, shall permit the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and their respective agents
at any time during normal business hours to inspect, audit and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, make copies of and abstracts
from Servicers (or any Sub-Servicers) records regarding any Receivable.

(h) Upon
request, the Servicer shall furnish to the Issuer or to the Indenture Trustee, within 30 Business Days, a list of all Receivables (by
contract number and name of Obligor) then owned by the Issuer, together with a reconciliation of such list to each of the Servicers
Certificates furnished before such request indicating removal of Receivables from the Issuer.

31 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 9.3 Other
Liens or Interests. Except for the conveyances and grants of security interests pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, the Seller shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer the Receivables or other property transferred to the Issuer to any other
Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any interest therein, and the Seller
shall defend the right, title and interest of the Issuer in, to and under such Receivables and other property transferred to the Issuer
against all claims of third parties claiming through or under the Seller.

SECTION 9.4 Transfers
Intended as Sale; Security Interest.

(a) Each
of the parties hereto expressly intends and agrees that the transfers contemplated and effected under this Agreement are complete and
absolute sales and transfers rather than pledges or assignments of only a security interest and shall be given effect as such for all
purposes. It is further the intention of the parties hereto that the Receivables and related Transferred Assets shall not be part of
the Sellers estate in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Seller. The sales and transfers by the Seller of Receivables
and related Transferred Assets hereunder are and shall be without recourse to, or representation or warranty (express or implied) by,
the Seller, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. The limited rights of recourse specified herein against the Seller are
intended to provide a remedy for breach of the representations and warranties relating to the condition of the property sold, rather
than to the collectibility of the Receivables.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that the Receivables and other Transferred Assets are held to be property of the Seller, or if for any reason
this Agreement is held or deemed to create indebtedness or a security interest in the Receivables and other Transferred Assets, then
it is intended that:

(i) This Agreement shall be deemed to be a security
agreement within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the New York UCC and the UCC of any other
applicable jurisdiction;

(ii) The conveyance provided for in Section 2.1
shall be deemed to be a grant by the Seller of, and the Seller hereby grants to the Issuer,
a security interest in all of its right (including the power to convey title thereto), title
and interest, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in and to the Receivables and other
Transferred Assets, to secure such indebtedness and the performance of the obligations of
the Seller hereunder;

(iii) The possession by the Issuer, or the Servicer
as the Issuers agent, of the Receivable Files and any other property as constitute
instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be deemed to be possession
by the secured party or possession by the purchaser or a person designated by such
purchaser, for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to the New York UCC
and the UCC of any other applicable jurisdiction; and

(iv) Notifications to persons holding such property,
and acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from persons holding such property, shall
be deemed to be notifications to, or acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from, bailees
or agents (as applicable) of the Issuer for the purpose of perfecting such security interest
under applicable law.

32 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 9.5 Notices,
Etc. All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified
first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, by facsimile or by electronic mail, and addressed
in each case as set forth on Schedule II hereto or at such other address as shall be designated in a written notice to the other
parties hereto. Any notice required or permitted to be mailed to a Noteholder shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, at
the address of such Noteholder as shown in the Note Register. Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported tender of such communication
by an officer of the recipient entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient for notices hereunder; provided,
however, that any notice to a Noteholder mailed within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have
been duly given, whether or not the Noteholder shall receive such notice.

SECTION 9.6 Choice
of Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL, SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW, OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

SECTION 9.7 Headings.
The section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction
or effect of this Agreement.

SECTION 9.8 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature, each of which
so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 9.9 Waivers.
No failure or delay on the part of the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in exercising any power or right hereunder
(to the extent such Person has any power or right hereunder) shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any such power or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. No notice to or
demand on any party hereto in any case shall entitle it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No waiver or approval
by any party hereto under this Agreement shall, except as may otherwise be stated in such waiver or approval, be applicable to subsequent
transactions. No waiver or approval under this Agreement shall require any similar or dissimilar waiver or approval thereafter to be
granted hereunder.

33 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 9.10 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents contain a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter thereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter thereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. There are no unwritten agreements among the parties.

SECTION 9.11 Severability
of Provisions. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever
held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 9.12 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and
shall remain in full force and effect until such time as the parties hereto shall agree.

SECTION 9.13 Acknowledgment
and Agreement. By execution below, the Seller expressly acknowledges and consents to the pledge, assignment and Grant of a security
interest in the Receivables and the other Transferred Assets by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the
benefit of the Noteholders. In addition, the Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that for so long as the Notes are outstanding, the
Indenture Trustee will have the right to exercise all powers, privileges and claims of the Issuer under this Agreement in the event that
the Issuer shall fail to exercise the same.

SECTION 9.14 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 9.15 Nonpetition
Covenant. Each party hereto agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations
of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by any Bankruptcy Remote Party (i) such party shall not authorize
any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other Proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization
or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other Proceeding commenced against
such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of, its creditors generally, any party hereto or any other
creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party, and (ii) such party shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any
Proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

34 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 9.16 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(a) submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any documents executed and delivered in connection
herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from
any thereof;

(b) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought and maintained in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court
and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(c) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address determined in accordance with Section 9.5;

(d) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right
to sue in any other jurisdiction; and

(e) to
the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives all right of trial by jury in any action, proceeding or
counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, or any matter arising
hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION 9.17 Limitation
of Liability.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, (a) this Agreement has been executed and delivered by U.S. Bank Trust National Association,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred
and vested in it, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements
herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements
by U.S. Bank Trust National Association but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only, and is only binding on, the Issuer,
(c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on U.S. Bank Trust National Association, individually
or personally or as Owner Trustee, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein of the Issuer, all such liability,
if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (d) U.S.
Bank Trust National Association has made no investigation and shall make no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations
and warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (e) under no circumstances shall U.S. Bank Trust National Association be
personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness, indemnities or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the performance, breach
or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the
Issuer under this Agreement or under the Notes or any other related documents or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered
pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. For the purposes of this Agreement, in
the performance of any duty or obligation on behalf of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, protections,
indemnities, and immunities in the Trust Agreement.

35 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed and delivered by Citibank, N.A., not in its individual capacity
but solely as Indenture Trustee, and in no event shall it have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements
or other obligations of the Issuer under the Notes or any of the other Transaction Documents or in any of the certificates, notices or
agreements delivered pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. Under no circumstances
shall the Indenture Trustee be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expense of the Issuer or be liable for the breach
or failure of any obligations, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents.
For the purposes of this Agreement, in the performance of its duties or obligations hereunder, the Indenture Trustee shall be subject
to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Article VI of the Indenture.

SECTION 9.18 Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder
and their respective successors and permitted assigns and the Owner Trustee shall be an express third party beneficiary hereof and may
enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, no other Person will have any
right hereunder.

SECTION 9.19 Information
Requests. The parties hereto shall provide any information reasonably requested by the Servicer, the Issuer, the Seller or any of
their Affiliates, in order to comply with or obtain more favorable treatment under any current or future law, rule, regulation, accounting
rule or principle.

SECTION 9.20 Regulation
AB. The Servicer shall cooperate fully with the Seller and the Issuer to deliver to the Seller and the Issuer (including any of its
assignees or designees) any and all statements, reports, certifications, records and any other information necessary in the good faith
determination of the Seller or the Issuer to permit the Seller to comply with the provisions of Regulation AB and its reporting obligations
under the Exchange Act, together with such disclosures relating to the Servicer and the Receivables, or the servicing of the Receivables,
reasonably believed by the Seller to be necessary in order to effect such compliance.

SECTION 9.21 Information
to be Provided by the Indenture Trustee.

(a) For
so long as the Seller is filing reports under the Exchange Act with respect to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall (i) on or
before the fifth Business Day of each month, notify the Seller, in writing, of any Form 10-D Disclosure Item with respect to the
Indenture Trustee, together with a description of any such Form 10-D Disclosure Item in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Seller; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to provide such information in the event
that there has been no change to the information previously provided by the Indenture Trustee to Seller, and (ii) as promptly as
practicable following notice to or discovery by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee of any changes to such information, provide
to the Seller, in writing, such updated information.

36 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) As
soon as available but no later than March 15 of each calendar year for so long as the Seller is filing reports with respect to the
Issuer under the Exchange Act, commencing on March 15, 2026, the Indenture Trustee shall:

(i) deliver
to the Seller a report regarding the Indenture Trustees assessment of compliance with the Servicing Criteria during the immediately
preceding calendar year, as required under paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-18, Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122
of Regulation AB. Such report shall be signed by an authorized officer of the Indenture Trustee, and shall address each of the Servicing
Criteria specified in Exhibit C or such other criteria as mutually agreed upon by the Seller and the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) cause
a firm of registered public accountants that is qualified and independent with the meaning of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under
the Securities Act to deliver a report for inclusion in the Issuers filing of Exchange Act Form 10-K that attests to, and
reports on, the assessment of compliance made by the Indenture Trustee and delivered to the Seller pursuant to the preceding paragraph.
Such attestation shall be in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act;

(iii) deliver
to the Seller and any other Person that will be responsible for signing the certification (a Sarbanes Certification)
required by Rules 13a-14(d) and 15d-14(d) under the Exchange Act (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)
on behalf of the Issuer or the Seller substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D or such form as mutually agreed
upon by the Seller and the Indenture Trustee; and

(iv) notify
the Seller in writing of any affiliations or relationships (as described in Item 1119 of Regulation AB) between the Indenture Trustee
and any Item 1119 Party, provided, that no such notification need be made if the affiliations or relationships are unchanged from
those provided in the notification in the prior calendar year.

The Indenture Trustee acknowledges that the parties
identified in clause (iii) above may rely on the certification provided by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to such clause in signing
a Sarbanes Certification and filing such with the Commission.

(c) The
Indenture Trustee, to the extent the Indenture Trustee has received any such repurchase or replacement request, no later than the 5th
Business Day after the last day of each calendar month, provide notice to the Seller and the Servicer (each, a VW Party
and, collectively, the VW Parties), in a form to be mutually agreed upon by the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee,
of the request or any requests of (i) all demands communicated to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee for the repurchase
or replacement of any Receivable for breach of the representations and warranties concerning such Receivable and (ii) any actions
taken by the Indenture Trustee with respect to such demand communicated to the Indenture Trustee in respect of any Receivables. In addition,
the Indenture Trustee shall, upon written request of either VW Party, at any time such VW Party reasonable feels necessary, provide notification
to the VW Parties with respect to any actions taken by the Indenture Trustee as soon as practicable and in any event within five Business
Days of receipt of such request.

37 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(d) The
Indenture Trustee agrees to cooperate in good faith with any reasonable request by the Seller for information regarding the Indenture
Trustee which is required in order to enable the Seller to comply with the provisions of Item 1117 of Regulation AB.

(e) Except
to the extent disclosed by the Indenture Trustee in subsection (f) or (g) below, the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have
represented to the Seller on the first day of each Collection Period with respect to the prior Collection Period that, to the best of
its knowledge, there were no legal or governmental proceedings pending (or known to be contemplated) against Citibank, N.A. or any property
of Citibank, N.A. that would be material to any Noteholder or, to the extent that the Certificates are registered under the Securities
Act for public sale, any holder of such Certificates.

(f) The
Indenture Trustee shall, as promptly as practicable following notice to or discovery by the Indenture Trustee of any changes to any information
regarding the Indenture Trustee as is required for the purpose of compliance with Item 1117 of Regulation AB, provide to the Seller,
in writing, such updated information.

(g) The
Indenture Trustee shall deliver to the Seller on or before March 15 of each year, beginning with March 15, 2026 (or, if such
day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), a certificate of a representative of the Indenture Trustee with respect
to the immediately preceding calendar year certifying, on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, that except to the extent otherwise disclosed
in writing to Seller, to the best of his or her knowledge there were no legal or governmental proceedings pending (or known to be contemplated)
against Citibank, N.A. or any property of Citibank, N.A., that would be material to any Noteholder or, to the extent that the Certificates
are registered under the Securities Act for public sale, any holder of such Certificates.

SECTION 9.22 Form 8-K
Filings. So long as the Seller is filing Exchange Act Reports with respect to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly notify
the Seller, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day after its occurrence, of any Reportable Event of which a Responsible
Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge (other than a Reportable Event described in clause (a) or (b) of
the definition thereof as to which the Seller or the Servicer has actual knowledge). The Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have actual
knowledge of any such event to the extent that it relates to the Indenture Trustee or any action or failure to act by the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 9.23 Indemnification.
Citibank, N.A. shall indemnify the Seller, each Affiliate of the Seller and each Person who controls any of such parties (within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the respective present and former directors,
officers, employees and agents of each of the foregoing, and shall hold each of them harmless from and against any losses, damages, penalties,
fines, forfeitures, legal fees and expenses and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, fees and expenses that any of them may
sustain arising out of or based upon:

38 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(a) (i) any
untrue statement of a material fact contained or alleged to be contained in the Servicing Criteria assessment and any other information
required to be provided by Citibank, N.A., to the Seller or its affiliates under Sections 9.21 (excluding clause (b)(ii) of
Section 9.21) or 9.22 (such information, the Provided Information), or (ii) the omission
or alleged omission to state in the Provided Information a material fact required to be stated in the Provided Information, or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
by way of clarification, that clause (ii) of this paragraph shall be construed solely by reference to the related information
and not to any other information communicated in connection with a sale or purchase of securities, without regard to whether the Provided
Information or any portion thereof is presented together with or separately from such other information; or

(b) any
failure by Citibank, N.A. to deliver any Servicing Criteria assessment, information, report, certification, accountants letter
or other material when and as required under Sections 9.21 and 9.22; provided, however, for the avoidance
of doubt, this provision shall exclude the accountants report described in clause (b)(ii) of Section 9.21.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall Citibank, N.A. be liable for special, indirect or consequential damages of any kind
whatsoever, including but not limited to lost profits, even if Citibank, N.A. has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage
and regardless of the form of action.

SECTION 9.24 Dispute
Resolution.

(a) If
the Seller, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee (at the direction of an Investor pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Indenture) (the
Requesting Party) requests that VCI or the Seller repurchase any Receivable pursuant to Section 3.4 of the
Purchase Agreement or Section 2.4 hereof (the party or parties requesting to repurchase a receivable, the Requested
Party or Requested Parties), as applicable, and the repurchase request has not been fulfilled or otherwise
resolved to the reasonable satisfaction of the Requesting Party within 180 days of the receipt of notice of the request by VCI or the
Seller, as applicable, the Requesting Party will have the right to refer the matter, at its discretion, to either mediation or arbitration
pursuant to this Section 9.24. If the Requesting Party is the Indenture Trustee acting at the direction of an Investor, such
Investor shall make all decisions related to mediation or arbitration. VCI will inform the Requesting Party in writing upon a determination
by VCI that a Receivable subject to a demand to repurchase will be repurchased and the monthly distribution report filed by the Issuer
on Form 10-D for the Collection Period in which such Receivables were repurchased will include disclosure of such repurchase. 
A failure of VCI to inform the Requesting Party that a Receivable subject to a demand will be repurchased within 180 days of the
receipt of notice of the request shall be deemed to be a determination by VCI that no repurchase of that Receivable due to a breach of
Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement is required.

39 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(b) The
Requesting Party shall provide notice in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.5 of its intention to refer the matter
to mediation or arbitration, as applicable, to the Requested Parties, with a copy to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. Each of VCI
and the Seller agree that such Person shall participate in the resolution method selected by the Requesting Party to the extent such
Person is a Requested Party. The Requested Party shall provide notice to the Seller and the Issuer that the Requested Party has received
a request to mediate or arbitrate a repurchase request. Upon receipt of such notice, the Seller, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee
shall advise the Requesting Party and the Requested Party of an intent to join in the mediation or arbitration, which shall result in
their being joined as a Requesting Party in the proceeding.

(c) A
Requesting Party may not initiate a mediation or arbitration pursuant to this Section 9.24 with respect to a Receivable that
is, or has been, the subject of an ongoing or previous mediation or arbitration (whether by that Requesting Party or another Requesting
Party) but will have the right, subject to a determination by the parties to the existing mediation or arbitration that such joinder
would not prejudice the rights of the participants to such existing mediation or arbitration or unduly delay such proceeding, to join
an existing mediation or arbitration with respect to that Receivable if the mediation or arbitration has not yet concluded. In the case
of any such joinder, if the initial Requesting Party is the Indenture Trustee (at the direction of one or more Investors), any decisions
related to the mediation or arbitration will be made by such Investors holding a majority of the Note Balance of all of the Outstanding
Notes.

(d) If
the Requesting Party selects mediation as the resolution method, the following provisions will apply:

(i) The
mediation will be administered by a nationally recognized arbitration and mediation association selected by the Requesting Party pursuant
to such associations mediation procedures in effect at such time.

(ii) The
fees and expenses of the mediation will be allocated as mutually agreed by the parties as part of the mediation.

(iii) The
mediator shall be impartial, knowledgeable about and experienced with the laws of the State of New York that are relevant to the repurchase
dispute and will be appointed from a list of neutrals maintained by the American Arbitration Association (the AAA).

(e) If
the Requesting Party selects arbitration as the resolution method, the following provisions will apply:

(i) The
arbitration will be administered by a nationally recognized arbitration and mediation association jointly selected by the parties, and
if the parties are unable to agree on an association, by the AAA, and conducted pursuant to such associations arbitration procedures
in effect at such time.

(ii) The
arbitrator shall be impartial, knowledgeable about and experienced with the laws of the State of New York that are relevant to the dispute
hereunder and will be appointed from a list of neutrals maintained by AAA.

40 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

(iii) The
arbitrator shall make its final determination no later than 90 days after appointment or as soon as practicable thereafter. The arbitrator
shall resolve the dispute in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and may not modify or change this Agreement in any way. The
arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive damages or consequential damages in any arbitration conducted by it, and the Requested
Party shall not be required to pay more than the applicable Repurchase Price with respect to any receivable which such Requested Party
is required to repurchase under the terms of the Purchase Agreement or this Agreement, as applicable. In its final determination, the
arbitrator shall determine and award the costs of the arbitration (including the fees of the arbitrator, cost of any record or transcript
of the arbitration, and administrative fees) and reasonable attorneys fees to the parties as determined by the arbitrator in its
reasonable discretion. The determination of the arbitrator will be in writing and counterpart copies will be promptly delivered to the
parties. The determination may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(iv) No
person may bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration.

(f) The
following provisions will apply to both mediations and arbitrations:

(i) Any
mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York or such other location mutually agreed to by the Requesting Party and the
Requested Parties.

(ii) Notwithstanding
this dispute resolution provision, the parties shall have the right to seek provisional relief from a competent court of law, including
a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or attachment order, provided such relief would otherwise be available by law.

(iii) The
details and/or existence of any unfulfilled repurchase request, any meetings or discussions regarding any unfulfilled repurchase request,
mediations or arbitration proceedings conducted under this Section 9.24, including all offers, promises, conduct and statements,
whether oral or written, made in the course of the parties' attempt to resolve an unfulfilled repurchase request, any information exchanged
in connection with any mediation, and any discovery taken in connection with any arbitration (collectively, Confidential Information),
shall be and remain confidential and inadmissible (except disclosures required by applicable law) for any purpose, including impeachment,
in any mediation, arbitration or litigation, or other proceeding (including any proceeding under this Section 9.24) other
than as required to be disclosed in accordance with applicable law, regulatory requirements, or court order or to the extent that the
Requested Party, in its sole discretion, elects to disclose such information. Such information will be kept strictly confidential and
will not be disclosed or discussed with any third party, and except that a party may disclose such information to its own attorneys,
experts, accountants and other agents and representatives (collectively Representatives), as reasonably required
in connection with any resolution procedure under this Section 9.24, and the Asset Representations Reviewer, if an Asset
Review has been conducted, if the disclosing party (a) directs such Representatives to keep the information confidential, (b) is
responsible for any disclosure by its Representatives of such information and (c) takes at its sole expense all reasonable measures
to restrain such Representatives from disclosing such information. If any party receives a subpoena or other request for information
from a third party (other than a governmental regulatory body) for Confidential Information, the recipient will promptly notify the other
party and will provide the other party with the opportunity to object to the production of its Confidential Information or seek other
appropriate protective remedies, consistent with the applicable requirements of law and regulation. If, in the absence of a protective
order, such party or any of its representatives are compelled as a matter of law, regulation, legal process or by regulatory authority
to disclose any portion of the Confidential Information, such party may disclose to the party compelling disclosure only the part of
such Confidential Information that is required to be disclosed.

41 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SECTION 9.25 Cooperation
with Voting. Each of VCI, the Seller and the Issuer hereby acknowledges and agrees that it shall cooperate with the Indenture Trustee
to facilitate any vote by the Instituting Noteholders pursuant to the terms of Section 7.5 of the Indenture.

SECTION 9.26 Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication,
including, without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission.
The term electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or
other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the
E-Sign Act, UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the parties hereto are authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports,
notices or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that
the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in
fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of
the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the parties hereto shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to such party, including, without limitation, the risk of such party
acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

(b) Any
requirement in this Agreement that a document, including this Agreement, is to be signed or authenticated by manual signature
or similar language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile or electronic signature and shall not be deemed to prohibit
delivery thereof by electronic transmission.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

42 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the day and year first above written.

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN
FUNDING, LLC, as Seller

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: President and Head of Securitization

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

VW CREDIT, INC., as Servicer

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

VW CREDIT, INC., in its individual
capacity solely with respect to Section 6.2(d) and Section 9.24 hereof:

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

S-1 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST
2025-1, as Issuer

By: U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Jose A. Galarza

Name: Jose A. Galarza

Title: Vice President

S-2 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

Citibank,
N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee
and as Securities Intermediary

By: /s/ Louis Piscitelli

Name: Louis Piscitelli

Title: Senior Trust Officer

S-3 2025-1 Sale & Servicing Agreement

SCHEDULE I

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT
TO THE RECEIVABLES

(a) Characteristics of Receivables.

Each Receivable:

(i) has
been fully executed by the Obligor thereto;

(ii) has
either (A) been originated by a Dealer located in the United States to finance the sale by a Dealer of the related Financed Vehicle
and has been purchased by the Originator or (B) has been originated or acquired by the Originator;

(iii) as
of the Closing Date is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as
secured party, or all necessary actions have been commenced that would result in a first priority validly perfected security interest
in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as secured party;

(iv) contains
provisions that permit the repossession and sale of the Financed Vehicle upon a default under the Receivable by the Obligor;

(v) provided,
at origination, for level monthly payments which fully amortize the initial Outstanding Principal Balance over the original term; provided,
that the amount of the first and last payments may be different but in no event more than three times the level monthly payment;

(vi) provides
for interest at the Contract Rate specified in the Schedule of Receivables; and

(vii) was
denominated in Dollars.

(b) Individual
Characteristics. Each Receivable has the following individual characteristics as of the Cut-Off Date:

(i) each
Receivable is secured by a new or used automobile, minivan or sport utility vehicle;

(ii) each
Receivable has a Contract Rate of no less than 0.00%;

(iii) each
Receivable had an original term to maturity of not more than 75 months and not less than 12 months and each Receivable has a remaining
term to maturity, as of the Cut-Off Date, of 3 months or more;

(iv) each
Receivable has an Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Cut-Off Date of greater than or equal to $1,000;

(v) no
Receivable has a scheduled maturity date later than December 15, 2030;

Schedule I-1 

Schedule
I to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

(vi) no
Receivable was more than 30 days past due as of the Cut-Off Date;

(vii) as
of the Cut-Off Date, no Receivable was noted in the records of VCI or the Servicer as being the subject of any pending bankruptcy or
insolvency proceeding;

(viii) no
Receivable is subject to a force-placed Insurance Policy on the related Financed Vehicle; and

(ix) each
Receivable is a Simple Interest Receivable.

(c) Compliance
with Law. The Receivable complied, at the time it was originated or made, in all material respects with all requirements of law in
effect at that time and applicable to such Receivable.

(d) Binding
Obligation. The Receivable constitutes the legal and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor, enforceable by the holder
thereof in all material respects, subject as to enforcement, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or other
laws and equitable principles, consumer protection laws and the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.

(e) Receivable
in Force. As of the Cut-Off Date, neither the Sellers nor the Servicers records related to the Receivable indicate
that such Receivable has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded or that the related Financed Vehicle been released from the lien granted
by such Receivable in whole or in part.

(f) No
Default. Except for payment delinquencies continuing for a period of not more than 30 days as of the Cut-Off Date, the records of
the Servicer did not disclose that any default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable
existed as of the Cut-Off Date or that any continuing condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default,
breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable as of the Cut-Off Date.

(g) Insurance.
The Receivable requires the Obligor thereunder to insure the Financed Vehicle under a physical damage insurance policy.

(h) No
Government Obligor. The Obligor on the Receivable is not listed on VCIs records as the United States of America or any state
thereof or any local government, or any agency, department, political subdivision or instrumentality of the United States of America
or any state thereof or any local government.

(i) Assignment.
The terms of the Receivable do not prohibit the sale, transfer or assignment of such Receivable or the grant of a security interest in
such Receivable under the Indenture.

(j) Good
Title. Immediately prior to the transfers and assignments herein contemplated, the Seller had good and marketable title to each Receivable
free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens and any Lien that will be released prior to the assignment of such Receivable hereunder),
and, immediately upon the transfer thereof to the Issuer, the Issuer will have good and marketable title to each Receivable, free and
clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens.

Schedule I-2 

Schedule
I to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

(k) Receivable
Files. There is only one original executed copy of each tangible record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable
that is tangible chattel paper and a single authoritative copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of
the UCC) of each electronic record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable that is electronic chattel paper. The Receivable
Files that constitute or evidence such Receivable do not have any marks or notations indicating that the Receivable has been pledged,
assigned or otherwise conveyed by the Seller to any Person other than a party to the Transaction Documents.

(l) No
Defenses. The Sellers and the Servicers FiServ electronic data warehouse containing records related to the Receivables
do not reflect any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, or of the same being asserted or threatened, in writing by
any Obligor with respect to any Receivable.

(m) No
Repossession. As of the Cut-Off Date, no Financed Vehicle shall have been repossessed.

Schedule I-3 

Schedule
I to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

SCHEDULE II

NOTICE ADDRESSES

If to the Issuer:

c/o U.S. Bank Trust National Association

1011 Centre Road, Suite 203

Wilmington, DE 19805

Attention: Structured Finance/VALET 2025-1

with a copy to

U.S. Bank Trust National Association

190 S. LaSalle Street, Seventh Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attention: Structured Finance/VALET 2025-1

and with copies to the Administrator, VCI, and the Indenture Trustee

If to the Owner Trustee:

c/o U.S. Bank Trust National Association

1011 Centre Road, Suite 203

Wilmington, DE 19805

Attention: Structured Finance/VALET 2025-1

with a copy to

U.S. Bank Trust National Association

190 S. LaSalle Street, Seventh Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attention: Structured Finance/VALET 2025-1

If to the Indenture Trustee:

Citibank, N.A.,

388 Greenwich St.

New York, New York 10013

Attention: Agency & Trust VALET 2025-1

If to the Intermediary:

Citibank, N.A.,

388 Greenwich St.

New York, New York 10013

Attention: Agency & Trust VALET 2025-1

Schedule II-1 

Schedule II to the Sale

and Servicing Agreement

If to the Purchaser:

Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC

1950 Opportunity Way, Suite 1500

Reston, Virginia 20190

(telecopier no. (703) 364-7077)

Attention: Treasurer

If to the Servicer:

VW Credit, Inc.

1950 Opportunity Way, Suite 1500

Reston, Virginia 20190

(telecopier no. (703) 364-7077)

Attention: Treasurer

with a copy to VCI

If to VCI:

VW Credit, Inc.

1950 Opportunity Way, Suite 1500

Reston, Virginia 20190

(telecopier no. (703) 364-7077)

Attention: Treasurer

with a copy to:

VW Credit, Inc.

1950 Opportunity Way, Suite 1500

Reston, Virginia 20190

(telecopier no. (703) 364-7077)

Attention: General Counsel

If to Moodys:

Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

100 Broadway

New York, New York 10005

If to Fitch:

Fitch Ratings, Inc.

300 W. 57th Street 

New York, NY 10019

Fax no.: (212) 514-9879

Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance

If to the Asset Representations Reviewer:

Via email: ARRNotices@clayton.com

Schedule II-2 

Schedule II to the Sale

and Servicing Agreement

With a copy to:

Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC

720 S. Colorado Blvd., Suite 200

Glendale, Colorado 80246

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@covius.com

Schedule II-3 

Schedule II to the Sale

and Servicing Agreement

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT PURSUANT TO SALE
AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

For value received, in accordance
with the Sale and Servicing Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of March 25, 2025, between Volkswagen Auto
Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Seller), VW Credit, Inc., a Delaware corporation (VCI),
and Citibank, N.A., a national banking association (the Indenture Trustee), on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Agreement, the Seller does hereby transfer, assign, set over, sell and otherwise convey to the Issuer on March 25,
2025, all right, title and interest of the Seller, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in, to and under the Receivables set forth
on the schedule of Receivables delivered by the Seller to the Issuer on the date hereof, the Collections after the Cut-Off Date, the
Receivable Files and the Related Security relating thereto, together with all of Sellers rights under the Purchase Agreement and
all proceeds of the foregoing; which sale shall be effective as of the Cut-Off Date.

The foregoing sale does not
constitute and is not intended to result in any assumption by the Issuer of any obligation of the Originator to the Obligors, the Dealers
or any other Person in connection with the Receivables, or the other assets and properties conveyed hereunder or any agreement, document
or instrument related thereto.

This assignment is made pursuant
to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the undersigned contained in the Agreement and is governed
by the Agreement.

Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

A-1 Exhibit A to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this assignment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN
FUNDING, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 Exhibit A to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

EXHIBIT B

PERFECTION REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
COVENANTS

In addition to the representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Agreement, the Seller hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee
as follows on the Closing Date:

General

1. The
Sale and Servicing Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables and
the other Transferred Assets in favor of the Issuer, which security interest is prior to all other Liens, and is enforceable as such
as against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller.

2. The
Receivables constitute chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper or tangible chattel paper),
accounts, instruments, or general intangibles, within the meaning of the UCC.

3. Immediately
prior to the sale, assignment and transfer thereof pursuant to this Agreement, each Receivable was secured by a first priority validly
perfected security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party, or all necessary
actions with respect to such Receivable have been taken or will be taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related
Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator (or its assignee), as secured party.

Creation

4. Immediately
prior to the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of a Receivable by the Seller to the Issuer, the Seller owned and had good and
marketable title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien and immediately after the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of
such Receivable to the Issuer, the Issuer will have good and marketable title to such Receivable free and clear of any Lien.

5. The
Originator has received all consents and approvals to the sale of the Receivables hereunder to the Issuer required by the terms of the
Receivables that constitute instruments.

Perfection

6. The
Seller has caused or will have caused, within ten days after the effective date of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the filing of all
appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect
the sale of the Receivables from the Seller to Issuer, and the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Issuer hereunder;
and the Servicer, in its capacity as custodian, has in its possession the original copies of such instruments or tangible chattel paper
that constitute or evidence the Receivables, and all financing statements referred to in this paragraph contain a statement that: A
purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party/Purchaser.

B-1 Exhibit B to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

7. With
respect to Receivables that constitute instruments or tangible chattel paper, either:

(i) All original executed copies of each
such instrument or tangible chattel paper have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) Such instruments or tangible chattel
paper are in the possession of the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee has received a written acknowledgment from the Servicer that the
Servicer, in its capacity as custodian, is holding such instruments or tangible chattel paper solely on behalf and for the benefit of
the Indenture Trustee as pledgee of the Issuer; or

(iii) The Servicer received possession
of such instruments or tangible chattel paper after the Indenture Trustee received a written acknowledgment from the Servicer that the
Servicer is acting solely as agent of the Indenture Trustee as pledgee of the Issuer.

Priority

8. Neither
the Seller nor VCI has authorized the filing of, or is aware of, any financing statements against either the Seller or VCI that include
a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement (i) relating to the conveyance of the Receivables
by VCI to the Seller under the Purchase Agreement, (ii) relating to the security interest granted to the Issuer hereunder or (iii) that
has been terminated.

9. Neither
the Seller nor VCI is aware of any material judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against either the Seller or VCI.

10. Neither
VCI nor a custodian or vaulting agent thereof holding any Receivable that is electronic chattel paper has communicated an authoritative
copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of any loan agreement that constitutes or evidences such Receivable
to any Person other than the Servicer.

11. None
of the instruments, tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper that constitutes or evidences the Receivables has any marks or
notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Seller, the Issuer or the
Indenture Trustee.

Survival of Perfection Representations

12. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the perfection representations, warranties
and covenants contained in this Exhibit B shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until such time as all obligations
under the Transaction Documents and the Notes have been finally and fully paid and performed.

B-2 Exhibit B to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

No Waiver

13. The
Servicer shall provide the Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any material breach of the perfection representations, warranties
and covenants contained in this Exhibit B, and shall not, without satisfying the Rating Agency Condition, waive a breach of any
of such perfection representations, warranties or covenants.

Servicer to Maintain Perfection and Priority

14. The
Servicer covenants that, in order to evidence the interests of the Seller and Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture
Trustee under the Indenture, the Servicer shall take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary or advisable
(including, without limitation, such actions as are requested by the Indenture Trustee) to maintain and perfect, as a first priority
perfected security interest, the Indenture Trustees security interest in the Receivables. The Servicer shall, from time to time
and within the time limits established by law, prepare and file, all financing statements, amendments, continuations, initial financing
statements in lieu of a continuation statement, terminations, partial terminations, releases or partial releases, or any other filings
necessary or advisable to continue, maintain and perfect the Indenture Trustees security interest in the Receivables as a first-priority
perfected security interest.

B-3 Exhibit B to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

EXHIBIT C

SERVICING CRITERIA TO BE ADDRESSED IN

INDENTURE TRUSTEES AND SERVICERS
ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE

The assessment of compliance to be delivered by
the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable, shall address, at a minimum, the criteria identified below as Applicable
Indenture Trustee Servicing Criteria or Applicable Servicer Servicing Criteria, as applicable:

Servicing
Criteria Applicable

Indenture Trustee

Servicing Criteria Applicable

Servicer Servicing

Criteria Inapplicable

Servicing

Criteria

Reference Criteria 

General
Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) Policies
and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction
agreements. X 

1122(d)(1)(ii) If
any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys
performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 

1122(d)(1)(iii) Any
requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. X 

1122(d)(1)(iv) A
fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting
period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X

1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation
of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X 

Cash
Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) Payments
on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business
days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements
made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 

1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances
of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances,
are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X

1122(d)(2)(iv) The
related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are
separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(2)(v) Each
custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes
of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a
foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. X 

1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued
checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X

C-1 Exhibit C to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

Servicing
Criteria Applicable

Indenture Trustee

Servicing Criteria Applicable

Servicer Servicing

Criteria Inapplicable

Servicing

Criteria

Reference Criteria 

1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations
are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank
clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the
bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved
by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These
reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in
the transaction agreements. X 

Investor
Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) Reports
to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable
Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth
in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction
agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors
or the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. X 

1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts
due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the
transaction agreements. X1 

1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements
made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified
in the transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts
remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X 

Pool
Asset Administration X 

1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral
or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related asset pool documents. X 

1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool
assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements X 

1122(d)(4)(iii) Any
additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements
in the transaction agreements. X 

1
Solely with regard to timeframes and that distributions were made in accordance with the instructions of the Servicer.

C-2 Exhibit C to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments
on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicers
obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related asset pool documents. X 

1122(d)(4)(v) The
Servicers records regarding the accounts and the accounts agree with the Servicers records with respect to an obligors
unpaid principal balance. X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes
with respect to the terms or status of an obligors account (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed
and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 

1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss
mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions,
as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the
transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(4)(viii) Records
documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements.
Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe
the entitys activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling
plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 

1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments
to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X

1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding
any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors
Account documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on
such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable Account documents and state laws; and (C) such funds
are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related Accounts, or such other number of days specified
in the transaction agreements. X

1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments
made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as
indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at
least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X

1122(d)(4)(xii) Any
late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicers funds
and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligors error or omission. X

1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements
made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligors records maintained by the servicer, or such
other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X

C-3 Exhibit C to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies,
charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(4)(xv) Any
external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained
as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 

C-4 Exhibit C to the

Sale and Servicing Agreement

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF INDENTURE TRUSTEES ANNUAL
CERTIFICATION

Re: VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST
2025-1

Citibank, N.A., not in its
individual capacity but solely as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), certifies to Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan
Underwritten Funding, LLC (the Seller), and its officers, with the knowledge and intent that they will rely upon
this certification, that:

(1) It
has reviewed the report on assessment of the Indenture Trustees compliance provided in accordance with Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 1122 of Regulation AB (the Servicing Assessment)
that was delivered by the Indenture Trustee to the Seller pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (the Agreement),
dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between VW Credit, Inc., the Seller, the Indenture Trustee and Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced
Trust 2025-1;

(2) To
the best of its knowledge, the Servicing Assessment, taken as a whole, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period of time covered by the Servicing Assessment; and

(3) To
the best of its knowledge, all of the information required to be provided by the Indenture Trustee under Sections 9.21 and 9.22 of the
Agreement has been provided to the Seller.

Citibank, N.A., not in its individual
capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: 

D-1 Exhibit D to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

APPENDIX A

DEFINITIONS

The following terms have
the meanings set forth, or referred to, below:

60-Day Delinquent
Receivables means, as of any date of determination, all Receivables (other than Repurchased Receivables and Defaulted Receivables)
that are 60 or more days delinquent as of such date (or, if such date is not the last day of a Collection Period, as of the last day
of the Collection Period immediately preceding such date), as determined in accordance with the Servicers Customary Servicing
Practices.

Accrued Note Interest
means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of the Noteholders Monthly Accrued Interest for such Payment Date and the Noteholders
Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Payment Date.

Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(a) of the Indenture.

Adjusted Pool Balance
means (a) as of the Closing Date, an amount equal to (x) the Net Pool Balance as of the Cut-Off Date minus (y) the Yield
Supplement Overcollateralization Amount for the Closing Date and (b) for any Payment Date, an amount equal to (x) the Net Pool
Balance at the end of the Collection Period preceding that Payment Date minus (y) the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount
for that Payment Date.

Administration
Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Administrator, the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Administrator
means VCI, or any successor Administrator under the Administration Agreement.

Advance
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Affiliate
means, for any specified Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with such specified Person and affiliated has a meaning correlative to the foregoing. For purposes of this definition,
control means the power, directly or indirectly, to cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person.

Annual Percentage
Rate or APR of a Receivable means the annual rate of finance charges stated in such Receivable.

Applicable Tax
State means, as of any date, each State as to which any of the following is then applicable: (a) a State in which the
Issuer is located, and (b) the State of Michigan or the State of Illinois.

Asset Representations
Review Agreement means the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Issuer, VCI, the
Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Asset Representations
Reviewer means Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any successor Asset Representations
Reviewer under the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

App. A-1 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Asset Review
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Authenticating
Agent means any Person authorized by the Indenture Trustee to act on behalf of the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and deliver
the Notes.

Authorized Newspaper
means a newspaper of general circulation in The City of New York, printed in the English language and customarily published on each Business
Day, whether or not published on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays.

Authorized Officer
means (a) with respect to the Issuer, (i) any authorized signatory of the Owner Trustee who is authorized to act for the Owner
Trustee in matters relating to the Issuer and who is identified on the list of authorized signatories delivered by the Owner Trustee
to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date or (ii) so long as the Administration Agreement is in effect, any officer of the Administrator
who is authorized to act for the Administrator in matters relating to the Issuer pursuant to the Administration Agreement and who is
identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by the Administrator to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee on the Closing
Date (as such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter) and (b) with respect to the Owner Trustee, the
Indenture Trustee and the Servicer, any officer or authorized signatory of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer,
as applicable, who is authorized to act for the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable, in matters relating
to the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer and who is identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by each
of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date (as such list may be modified
or supplemented from time to time thereafter).

Available Funds
means, for any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, if any, an amount equal to the sum of the following amounts: (i) all
Collections received by the Servicer during such Collection Period, (ii) the sum of the Repurchase Prices deposited into the Collection
Account with respect to each Receivable that is to become a Repurchased Receivable on such Payment Date and (iii) the Reserve Account
Excess Amount for such Payment Date.

Available Funds
Shortfall Amount means, as of any Payment Date, the amount, if any, by which the amounts required to be paid pursuant to clauses
first through fifth of Section 4.4(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement exceeds the sum of (i) Available
Funds for such Payment Date and (ii) Advances made by the Servicer on such Payment Date.

Bankruptcy Code
means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq., as amended.

App. A-2 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Bankruptcy Event
means, with respect to any Person, (i) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises
in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now
or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such
Person, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and
in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days or (ii) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal
or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order
for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person, or the making by such Person of any general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

Bankruptcy Remote
Party means each of the Seller, the Issuer, any other trust created by the Seller or any limited liability company or corporation
wholly-owned by the Seller.

Benchmark
means, initially, the SOFR Rate; provided that if the Administrator determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark,
then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Replacement
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator as of the Benchmark Replacement
Date;

(1) the
sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

(2) the
sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(3) the
sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrator as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated
floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator as of the
Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

(2) if
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

(3) the
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrator giving due consideration
to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the
then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such
time.

App. A-3 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes
(including changes to the Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Administrator determines is reasonably necessary).

Benchmark Replacement
Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published
component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(2) in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that,
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such
component); or

(2) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component),
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

App. A-4 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

(3) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the
Benchmark is no longer representative.

Benefit Plan
means (i) any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is subject to Title I of ERISA,
(ii) a plan described by Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, which is subject to Section 4975 of the Code
or (iii) any entity deemed to hold the plan assets of any of the foregoing by reason of an employee benefit plans or other
plans investment in such entity.

Book-Entry Notes
means a beneficial interest in the Notes, ownership and transfers of which shall be made through book entries by a Clearing Agency as
described in Section 2.10 of the Indenture.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the states of Delaware, Michigan, Virginia, New
York, or in the state in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee is located, are authorized or obligated by law, executive
order or government decree to be closed.

Certificate
means a certificate evidencing the beneficial interest of the Certificateholder in the Issuer, substantially in the form of Exhibit A
to the Trust Agreement.

Certificate of
Title means, with respect to any Financed Vehicle, the certificate of title or other documentary evidence of ownership of
such Financed Vehicle as issued by the department, agency or official of the jurisdiction (whether in paper or electronic form) in which
such Financed Vehicle is titled responsible for accepting applications for, and maintaining records regarding, certificates of title
and liens thereon.

Certificate of
Trust means the certificate of trust for the Issuer filed pursuant to the Statutory Trust Statute.

Certificateholder
means initially, Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, and any other Holder of the Certificate.

Class
means a group of Notes whose form is identical except for variation in denomination, principal amount or owner, and references to each
Class thus mean each of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes
and the Class A-4 Notes.

Class A-1
Final Scheduled Payment Date means March 20, 2026.

Class A-1
Interest Rate means 4.451% per annum (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed during the applicable Interest
Period, but assuming a 360-day year).

Class A-1
Note Balance means, at any time, the Initial Class A-1 Note Balance reduced by all payments of principal made prior to
such time on the Class A-1 Notes.

App. A-5 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Class A-1
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-1 Note is registered on the Note Register.

Class A-1
Notes means the Class of auto loan asset backed notes designated as Class A-1 Notes, issued in accordance with the
Indenture.

Class A-2-A
Final Scheduled Payment Date means January 20, 2028.

Class A-2-A
Interest Rate means 4.51% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A-2-A
Note Balance means, at any time, the Initial Class A-2-A Note Balance reduced by all payments of principal made prior
to such time on the Class A-2-A Notes.

Class A-2-A
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-2-A Note is registered on the Note Register.

Class A-2-A
Notes means the Class of auto loan asset backed notes designated as Class A-2-A Notes, issued in accordance with
the Indenture.

Class A-2-B
Final Scheduled Payment Date means January 20, 2028.

Class A-2-B
Interest Rate means SOFR Rate + 0.44% per annum (computed on the basis of the actual number of delays elapsed during the applicable
Interest Period, but assuming a 360-day year); provided, however, that, for any Interest Period for which the sum of SOFR
Rate + 0.44% is less than 0.00%, the Class A-2-B Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%.

Class A-2-B
Note Balance means, at any time, the Initial Class A-2-B Note Balance reduced by all payments of principal made prior
to such time on the Class A-2-B Notes.

Class A-2-B
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-2-B Note is registered on the Note Register.

Class A-2-B
Notes means the Class of auto loan asset backed notes designated as Class A-2-B Notes, issued in accordance with
the Indenture.

Class A-2
Notes means, collectively, the Class A-2-A Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes.

Class A-3
Final Scheduled Payment Date means August 20, 2029.

Class A-3
Interest Rate means 4.50% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A-3
Note Balance means, at any time, the Initial Class A-3 Note Balance reduced by all payments of principal made prior to
such time on the Class A-3 Notes.

Class A-3
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-3 Note is registered on the Note Register.

App. A-6 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Class A-3
Notes means the Class of auto loan asset backed notes designated as Class A-3 Notes, issued in accordance with the
Indenture.

Class A-4
Final Scheduled Payment Date means July 21, 2031.

Class A-4
Interest Rate means 4.61% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A-4
Note Balance means, at any time, the Initial Class A-4 Note Balance reduced by all payments of principal made prior to
such time on the Class A-4 Notes.

Class A-4
Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Class A-4 Note is registered on the Note Register.

Class A-4
Notes means the Class of auto loan asset backed notes designated as Class A-4 Notes, issued in accordance with the
Indenture.

Clearing Agency
means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act and shall initially
be DTC.

Clearing Agency
Participant means a broker, dealer, bank or other financial institution or other Person for which from time to time a Clearing
Agency effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency.

Closing Date
means March 25, 2025.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor law thereto, and the
regulations promulgated and the rulings issued thereunder.

Collateral
has the meaning set forth in the Granting Clause of the Indenture.

Collection Account
means the trust account established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Collection Period
means the period commencing on the first day of each fiscal month of the Servicer and ending on the last day of such fiscal month (or,
in the case of the initial Collection Period, the period commencing on the close of business on the Cut-Off Date and ending on March 31,
2025). As used herein, the related Collection Period with respect to a Payment Date shall be deemed to be the Collection
Period which precedes such Payment Date.

Collections
means, with respect to any Receivable and to the extent received by the Servicer after the Cut-Off Date, (i) any monthly payment
by or on behalf of the Obligor thereunder, (ii) any full or partial prepayment of such Receivable, (iii) all Liquidation Proceeds
and (iv) any other amounts received by the Servicer which, in accordance with the Customary Servicing Practices, would customarily
be applied to the payment of accrued interest or to reduce the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Receivable; provided, however,
that the term Collections in no event will include (1) for any Payment Date, any amounts in respect of any
Receivable the Repurchase Price of which has been included in the Available Funds on such Payment Date or a prior Payment Date, (2) any
Supplemental Servicing Fees or (3) rebates of premiums with respect to the cancellation or termination of any Insurance Policy,
extended warranty or service contract that was not financed by such Receivable.

App. A-7 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Compounded SOFR
means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day:

(1) the
applicable compounded average of SOFR for a tenor of 30 days as published on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day at the SOFR
Determination Time; or

(2) if
the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the applicable compounded average of SOFR for a tenor of 30 days as published
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate appeared on the FRBNYs Website.

The specific Compounded SOFR
rate is referred to by its tenor. For example, 30-day Average SOFR refers to the compounded average SOFR over a rolling
30-calendar day period as published on the FRBNYs Website.

Contract Rate
means, with respect to a Receivable, the fixed rate per annum at which interest accrues under the motor vehicle retail installment sales
contract or installment loan evidencing such Receivable. Such rate may differ from the Annual Percentage Rate disclosed
in the Receivable.

Corporate Trust
Office means:

(a) as
used with respect to Indenture Trustee, the principal office of the Indenture Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust
business shall be administered which office at date of the execution of the Indenture is located at (i) for note transfer/surrender
purposes, Citibank, N.A., 480 Washington Boulevard, 30th Floor Jersey City, NJ 07310, Attention: Istra Orlando, and (ii) for all
other purposes, Citibank, N.A., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, 10013, Attention: Agency & Trust VALET 2025-1, or
at such other address as the Indenture Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Noteholders, the Administrator, the Servicer
and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Indenture Trustee (the address of which the successor Indenture
Trustee will notify the Noteholders, the Administrator, the Servicer and the Owner Trustee); and

(b) as
used with respect to Owner Trustee, (i) solely for the purposes of the transfer, surrender, or exchange of Certificates, the corporate
trust office of the Owner Trustee located at U.S. Bank Trust National Association, 111 Fillmore Avenue East, St. Paul, MN 55107, Attention:
Bondholder Services/VALET 2025-1 or at such other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by notice and (ii) for all other purposes,
the corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee located at U.S. Bank Trust National Association, Delle Donne Corporate Center, 1011 Centre
Road, Suite 203, Wilmington, DE 19805, with a copy to U.S. Bank Trust National Association, 190 S. LaSalle Street, Seventh Floor
Chicago, Illinois 60603 or at such other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by notice to the Certificateholder and the Seller,
or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Owner Trustee (the address of which the successor Owner Trustee will notify
the Certificateholder and the Seller).

App. A-8 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Customary Servicing
Practices means the customary servicing practices of the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer with respect to all comparable motor
vehicle receivables that the Servicer or such Sub-Servicer, as applicable, services for itself and others, as such practices may be changed
from time to time, it being understood that the Servicer and the Sub-Servicers may not have the same Customary Servicing Practices.

Cut-Off Date
means the close of business on January 31, 2025.

Dealer
means a motor vehicle dealership.

Default
means any occurrence that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Receivable
means, with respect to any Collection Period, any Receivable as to which (a) any payment is past due 90 or more days or (b) the
date on which the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed. The Outstanding Principal Balance of any Receivable that becomes a Defaulted
Receivable will be deemed to be zero as of the date it becomes a Defaulted Receivable.

Definitive Note
means a definitive fully registered Note issued pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Indenture.

Delinquency Percentage
means, for any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, an amount equal to the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all 60-Day Delinquent Receivables as of the last day of such Collection Period to (ii) the
Net Pool Balance as of the last day of such Collection Period.

Delinquency Trigger
means, for any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, 3.22%.

Delivery
when used with respect to Trust Account Property means:

(a) with
respect to (I) bankers acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute
instruments as defined in Section 9-102(47) of the UCC and are susceptible of physical delivery, transfer of actual
possession thereof to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian by physical delivery to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee
or custodian endorsed to, the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank, and (II) with respect to a certificated
security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC) transfer of actual possession thereof (i) by physical delivery
of such certificated security to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Indenture
Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank, or to another person, other than a securities intermediary (as
defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), who acquires possession of the certificated security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee
or its nominee or custodian or, having previously acquired possession of the certificate, acknowledges that it holds for the Indenture
Trustee or its nominee or custodian or (ii) by delivery thereof to a securities intermediary, endorsed to or registered
in the name of the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, and the making by such securities intermediary of entries
on its books and records identifying such certificated securities as belonging to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian and
the sending by such securities intermediary of a confirmation of the purchase of such certificated security by the Indenture
Trustee or its nominee or custodian (all of the foregoing, Physical Property), and, in any event, any such Physical
Property in registered form shall be in the name of the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or alternative
procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete transfer of ownership of any such Trust Account Property to the
Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

App. A-9 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

(b) with
respect to any securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association
or the other government agencies, instrumentalities and establishments of the United States identified in Appendix A to Federal Reserve
Bank Operating Circular No. 7 as in effect from time to time that is a book-entry security (as such term is defined
in Federal Reserve Bank Operating Circular No. 7) held in a securities account and eligible for transfer through the Fedwire
Securities Service operated by the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations, the following procedures, all in
accordance with applicable law, including applicable Federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of
such Trust Account Property to an appropriate securities account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a participant
(as such term is defined in Federal Reserve Bank Operating Circular No. 7) that is a depository institution (as defined
in Section 19(B)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act) pursuant to applicable Federal regulations, and issuance by such depository
institution of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee
or custodian of the purchase by the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian of such book-entry securities; the making by such depository
institution of entries in its books and records identifying such book entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant
to Federal book-entry regulations or a security entitlement thereto as belonging to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian
and indicating that such depository institution holds such Trust Account Property solely as agent for the Indenture Trustee or its nominee
or custodian; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership
of any such Trust Account Property to the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or
regulations or the interpretation thereof; and

(c) with
respect to any item of Trust Account Property that is an uncertificated security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC)
and that is not governed by clause (b) above, (i) registration on the books and records of the issuer thereof in the name of
the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian, or (ii) registration on the books and records of the issuer thereof in the name
of another person, other than a securities intermediary, who acknowledges that it holds such uncertificated security for the benefit
of the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or custodian.

Depositor
means the Seller in its capacity as Depositor under the Trust Agreement.

Determination Date
means the second Business Day preceding the related Payment Date, beginning April 17, 2025.

App. A-10 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Dollar
and $ mean lawful currency of the United States of America.

DTC
means The Depository Trust Company, and its successors.

E-Sign Act
means the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act.

Eligible Account
means either (a) a segregated account with an Eligible Institution or (b) a segregated account with the corporate trust department
of a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the states thereof or the District
of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), having corporate trust powers and acting as trustee for funds deposited in such
account, or is an Affiliate of such trustee, so long as the long-term unsecured debt rating or issuer rating of such depository institution
is at least A from Fitch and at least Baa3 from Moodys. Any such trust account may be maintained with
the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates, if such accounts meet the requirements described in clause
(b) of the preceding sentence.

Eligible Institution
means a depository institution or trust company (which may be the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates)
organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the states thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic
branch of a foreign bank) which at all times (a) satisfies one of the following conditions (i) has a long-term senior unsecured
debt or issuer rating of A2 or better by Moodys and A or better by Fitch, (ii) has a short-term
unsecured debt or issuer rating of P-1 by Moodys and F1 by Fitch or (iii) such other rating that
is acceptable to each Rating Agency, as evidenced by a letter from such Rating Agency to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee and (b) whose
deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; provided, that a foreign financial institution shall be deemed
to satisfy clause (b) if such foreign financial institution meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13k-1(b)(1)).

Eligible Receivable
means a Receivable meeting all of the criteria set forth on Schedule I of each of the Purchase Agreement and the Sale and
Servicing Agreement as of the Closing Date.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Act Reports
means any reports on Form 10-D, Form 8-K and Form 10-K filed or to be filed by the Seller with respect to the Issuer under
the Exchange Act.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date hereof (or any amended or successor provisions that are substantially similar),
any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of
the Code, any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation the foregoing and any fiscal or
regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to such published intergovernmental agreement.

App. A-11 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

FATCA Withholding
Tax means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA.

Final Scheduled
Payment Date means, with respect to (i) the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (ii) the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-A Final Scheduled Payment Date, (iii) the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-2-B
Final Scheduled Payment Date, (iv) the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-3 Final Scheduled Payment Date and (v) the Class A-4
Notes, the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date.

Financed Vehicle
means an automobile or sport utility vehicle, together with all accessions thereto, securing an Obligors indebtedness under the
applicable Receivable.

Fitch
means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

Form 10-D
Disclosure Item means, with respect to any Person, (a) any legal proceedings pending against such Person or of which
any property of such Person is then subject, or (b) any proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities against
such Person or of which any property of such Person would be subject, in each case that would be material to the Noteholders.

FRBNYs Website
means the website of the FRBNY, currently at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index or at such other
page as may replace such page on the FRBNYs website.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the USA, applied on a materially consistent basis.

Governmental Authority
means any (a) Federal, state, municipal, foreign or other governmental entity, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, (b) administrative
or regulatory authority (including any central bank or similar authority) or (c) court or judicial authority.

Grant
means mortgage, pledge, bargain, sell, warrant, alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create, grant a lien upon and a
security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm pursuant to the Indenture. A Grant of the Collateral
or of any other agreement or instrument shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the Granting party
thereunder, including the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments
in respect of the Collateral and all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers
or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the Granting party or otherwise and generally
to do and receive anything that the Granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. Other forms
of the verb to Grant shall have correlative meanings.

Hague Securities
Convention means the Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities held with an Intermediary
(concluded July 5, 2006).

Holder
means, as the context may require, the Certificateholder or a Noteholder or both.

App. A-12 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Indenture
means the Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Issuer and Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented
from time to time.

Indenture Trustee
means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but as indenture trustee under the Indenture, or
any successor trustee under the Indenture.

Independent
means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that such Person (i) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor
upon the Notes, the Administrator and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) does not have any direct financial interest
or any material indirect financial interest in the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Administrator or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing
Persons and (iii) is not connected with the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Administrator or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing
Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions.

Independent Certificate
means a certificate or opinion to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying
with, the applicable requirements of Section 11.1 of the Indenture, made by an independent appraiser or other expert appointed by
an Issuer Order, and such opinion or certificate shall state that the signer has read the definition of Independent in
this Appendix A and that the signer is Independent within the meaning thereof.

Initial Class A-1 Note Balance
means $257,000,000.

Initial Class A-2-A Note Balance
means $229,500,000.

Initial Class A-2-B Note Balance
means $229,500,000.

Initial Class A-3 Note Balance
means $459,000,000.

Initial Class A-4 Note Balance
means $75,000,000.

Initial Note Balance
means, for any Class, the Initial Class A-1 Note Balance, the Initial Class A-2-A Note Balance, the Initial Class A-2-B
Note Balance, the Initial Class A-3 Note Balance and the Initial Class A-4 Note Balance, as applicable, or with respect to
the Notes generally, the sum of the foregoing.

Initial Reserve
Account Deposit Amount means an amount equal to $3,255,209.92 (at least 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Closing
Date).

Instituting Noteholders has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a) of the Indenture.

Insurance Policy
means (i) any theft and physical damage insurance policy maintained by the Obligor under a Receivable, providing coverage against
loss or damage to or theft of the related Financed Vehicle, and (ii) any credit life or credit disability insurance maintained by
an Obligor in connection with any Receivable.

App. A-13 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Interest Period
means, with respect to any Payment Date, (a) with respect to the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes, from and including
the Closing Date (in the case of the first Payment Date) or from and including the prior Payment Date to but excluding such Payment Date
(for example, for a Payment Date in June, the Interest Period is from and including the Payment Date in May to but excluding the
Payment Date in June) and (b) for the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, from and including
the 20th day of the calendar month preceding such Payment Date (or the Closing Date in the case of the first Payment Date)
to but excluding the 20th day of the month in which such Payment Date occurs.

Interest Rate
means (a) with respect to the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1 Interest Rate, (b) with respect to the Class A-2-A
Notes, the Class A-2-A Interest Rate, (c) with respect to the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-2-B Interest Rate, (d) with
respect to the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-3 Interest Rate or (e) with respect to the Class A-4 Notes, the Class A-4
Interest Rate.

Intermediary
means Citibank, N.A.

Investor
means (a) with respect to any Book-Entry Note, each related Note Owner and (b) with respect to any Definitive Note, each related
Noteholder.

ISDA Definitions
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto,
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time
to time.

ISDA Fallback Adjustment
means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark.

ISDA Fallback Rate
means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of
an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.

Issuer
means Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust established pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the filing
of the Certificate of Trust, until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means such successor.

Issuer Order
and Issuer Request means a written order or request of the Issuer signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of
its Authorized Officers and delivered to the Indenture Trustee.

Item 1119 Party
means the Seller, VCI, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, any underwriter of the Notes and any other material transaction
party identified by the Seller or VCI to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee in writing.

App. A-14 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Lien
means, for any asset or property of a Person, a lien, charge, excise, claim, security interest, mortgage, pledge or other encumbrance
in, of or on such asset or property in favor of any other Person, except any Permitted Lien.

Liquidation Proceeds
means, with respect to any Receivable, (a) insurance proceeds received by the Servicer with respect to the Insurance Policies, (b) amounts
received by the Servicer in connection with such Receivable pursuant to the exercise of rights under such Receivable and (c) the
monies collected by the Servicer (from whatever source, including proceeds of a sale of a Financed Vehicle, a deficiency balance recovered
from the Obligor after the charge-off of such Receivable or as a result of any recourse against the related Dealer, if any) on such Receivable
other than any monthly payments by or on behalf of the Obligor thereunder or any full or partial prepayment of such Receivable, in the
case of each of the foregoing clauses (a) through (c), net of any expenses (including, without limitation, any auction,
painting, repair or refurbishment expenses in respect of the related Financed Vehicle) incurred by the Servicer in connection therewith
and any payments required by law to be remitted to the Obligor; provided, however, that the Repurchase Price for any Receivable
shall not constitute Liquidation Proceeds.

Monthly Remittance
Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

Net Pool Balance
means, as of any date, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of all Receivables (other than Defaulted Receivables) of the Issuer
on such date.

Note
means a Class A-1 Note, Class A-2-A Note, Class A-2-B Note, Class A-3 Note or Class A-4 Note, in each case substantially
in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Note Balance
means, with respect to any date of determination, for any Class, the Class A-1 Note Balance, Class A-2-A Note Balance, Class A-2-B
Note Balance, Class A-3 Note Balance or Class A-4 Note Balance, as applicable, or with respect to the Notes generally, the
sum of all of the foregoing.

Note Depository
Agreement means the agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by the Issuer in favor of DTC, as the initial Clearing
Agency relating to the Notes, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Note Factor
means, with respect to the Notes or any Class of Notes on any Payment Date, a six-digit decimal figure equal to the Note Balance
of the Notes or such Class of Notes, as applicable, as of the end of the preceding Collection Period divided by the Note Balance
of the Notes or such Class of Notes, as applicable, as of the Closing Date. The Note Factor will be 1.000000 as of the Closing Date;
thereafter, the Note Factor will decline to reflect reductions in the Note Balance of the Notes or such Class of Notes, as applicable.

Note Owner
means, with respect to a Book-Entry Note, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Book-Entry Note, as reflected on the books of
the Clearing Agency or a Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency (directly as a Clearing Agency Participant or as an
indirect participant, in each case in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).

App. A-15 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Note Register
and Note Registrar have the respective meanings set forth in Section 2.4 of the Indenture.

Noteholder
means, as the context requires, all of the Class A-1 Noteholders, the Class A-2-A Noteholders, the Class A-2-B Noteholders,
the Class A-3 Noteholders and the Class A-4 Noteholders, or any of the foregoing.

Noteholder Direction
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a) of the Indenture.

Noteholder FATCA
Information means information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of U.S. withholding tax under
FATCA.

Noteholder Tax
Identification Information means properly completed and signed tax certifications (generally with respect to U.S. Federal
Income Tax, IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is a United States person
within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or the appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or applicable successor form) in the
case of a person that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code).

Noteholders
Interest Carryover Shortfall means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess of the Noteholders Monthly Accrued
Interest for the preceding Payment Date and any outstanding Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall on such preceding Payment
Date, over the amount in respect of interest that was actually paid to Noteholders on such preceding Payment Date, plus interest on the
amount of Noteholders Monthly Accrued Interest and any outstanding Noteholders Interest Carryover Shortfall due but not
paid to Noteholders on the preceding Payment Date, to the extent permitted by law, at the respective Interest Rates borne by such Notes
for the related Interest Period.

Noteholders
Monthly Accrued Interest means, with respect to any Payment Date, the aggregate interest accrued for the related Interest
Period on the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4
Notes at the respective Interest Rate for such Class on the Note Balance of the Notes of each such Class on the immediately
preceding Payment Date (or the Closing Date, in the case of the first Interest Period), after giving effect to all payments of principal
to the Noteholders of the Notes of such Class on or prior to such preceding Payment Date.

Obligor
means, for any Receivable, each Person obligated to pay such Receivable.

Officers
Certificate means (i) with respect to the Issuer, a certificate signed by any Authorized Officer of the Administrator
on behalf of the Issuer and (ii) with respect to the Seller or the Servicer, a certificate signed by the chairman of the board,
the president, any executive vice president, any vice president, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer or the controller of the Seller
or the Servicer, as applicable.

App. A-16 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Opinion of Counsel
means one or more written opinions of counsel who may, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture or any other applicable
Transaction Document, be employees of or counsel to the Issuer, the Servicer, the Seller or the Administrator, and which opinion or opinions
comply with any applicable requirements of the Transaction Documents and are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the recipient(s).
Opinions of Counsel need address matters of law only and may be based upon stated assumptions as to relevant matters of fact.

Optional Purchase
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Optional Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Originator
means, with respect to any Receivable, VCI.

Other Assets
means any assets (or interests therein) (other than the Trust Estate) conveyed or purported to be conveyed by the Seller to another Person
or Persons other than the Issuer, whether by way of a sale, capital contribution or by virtue of the granting of a lien.

Outstanding
means, as of any date, all Notes (or all Notes of an applicable Class) theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

(i) Notes
(or Notes of an applicable Class) theretofore cancelled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

(ii) Notes
(or Notes of an applicable Class) or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited
with the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the related Noteholders (provided, however, that if such Notes
are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the Indenture or provision therefor, satisfactory to the
Indenture Trustee, has been made); and

(iii) Notes
(or Notes of an applicable Class) in exchange for or in lieu of other Notes (or Notes of such Class) that have been authenticated and
delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a
bona fide purchaser; provided that in determining whether Noteholders holding the requisite aggregate principal balance of Outstanding
Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, vote or waiver hereunder or under any Transaction Document,
Notes owned by the Issuer, the Seller, any Certificateholder, the Servicer (so long as VCI or one of its Affiliates is the servicer),
the Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding unless all of the
Notes are then owned by the Issuer, the Seller, any Certificateholder, the Servicer, the Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates,
except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, vote or waiver, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee knows to be so owned shall
be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee thereof establishes
to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee such pledgees right so to act with respect to such Notes and that such pledgee is
not the Issuer, the Seller, any Certificateholder, the Servicer, the Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates.

App. A-17 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Outstanding Principal
Balance means, with respect to any Receivable as of any date, the outstanding principal balance of such Receivable calculated
in accordance with the Customary Servicing Practices.

Owner Trustee
means U.S. Bank Trust National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee
under the Trust Agreement, and any successor Owner Trustee thereunder.

Paying Agent
means the Indenture Trustee or any other Person that meets the eligibility standards for the Indenture Trustee set forth in Section 6.11
of the Indenture and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments to and distributions from the Principal Distribution Account, including
the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes on behalf of the Issuer.

Payment Date
means the 20th day of each calendar month beginning April 21, 2025; provided, however, whenever a Payment Date would
otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the Payment Date shall be the next Business Day. As used herein, the related
Payment Date with respect to a Collection Period shall be deemed to be the Payment Date which follows such Collection Period.

Payment Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a) of the Indenture.

Permitted Investments
means (i) evidences of indebtedness, maturing within 30 days after the date of loan thereof, issued by, or guaranteed by the full
faith and credit of, the federal government of the USA, (ii) repurchase agreements with banking institutions or broker-dealers registered
under the Exchange Act which are fully secured by obligations of the kind specified in clause (i), (iii) money market funds (a) rated
not lower than the highest rating category from Moodys and the highest rating category from Fitch or (b) which are otherwise
acceptable to each Rating Agency, as evidenced by a letter from such Rating Agency to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, (iv) commercial
paper (including commercial paper of any Affiliate of the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee) rated, at
the time of investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, at least P-1 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and
at least F1+ (or the equivalent) by Fitch or (v) such other investments acceptable to each Rating Agency, as evidenced
by a letter from such Rating Agency to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee.

Permitted Liens
means (a) the interest of the parties under the Transaction Documents, (b) any liens for taxes not due and payable or the amount
of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (c) any liens of mechanics, suppliers, vendors, materialmen,
laborers, employees, repairmen and other like liens securing obligations which are not due and payable or the amount or validity of which
is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
(including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

App. A-18 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Physical Property
has the meaning specified in the definition of Delivery above.

Predecessor Note
means, with respect to any particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such
particular Note; provided, however, for the purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.5
of the Indenture in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Note.

Principal Distribution
Account means the account by that name established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

Principal Distribution
Amount will mean, for any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the Adjusted Pool Balance as of
the last day of the Collection Period preceding the related Collection Period, or as of the Cut-Off Date, in the case of the first Collection
Period, over (b) the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period, together with any portion of the
Principal Distribution Amount that was to be distributed as such on any prior Payment Date but was not so distributed because sufficient
funds were not available to make such distribution; provided, that if the Servicer specifies in the related Servicers Certificate
that amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account will be included in the Reserve Account Draw Amount on any Payment Date in accordance
with the provisions set forth in the second sentence of the definition of Reserve Account Draw Amount, then, the Principal Distribution
Amount for such Payment Date will mean an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid Note Balance of all of the outstanding classes of Notes;
provided, further, that the Principal Distribution Amount on and after the Final Scheduled Payment Date of any Class of Notes shall
not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the aggregate outstanding principal amount of that Class of Notes to zero.

Proceeding
means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.

Purchase Agreement
means the Purchase Agreement dated as of the Closing Date between VCI and the Seller, as amended, modified or supplemented from time
to time.

Purchased Assets
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

Rating Agency
means either or each of Fitch and Moodys, as indicated by the context.

Rating Agency Condition
means, with respect to any event or circumstance and each Rating Agency, either (a) written confirmation (which may be in the form
of a letter, press release or other publication, or a change in such Rating Agencys published ratings criteria to this effect)
by such Rating Agency that the occurrence of such event or circumstance will not cause it to downgrade, qualify or withdraw its rating
assigned to any of the Notes, or (b) that such Rating Agency shall have been given notice of such event or circumstance at least
ten days prior to the occurrence of such event or circumstance (or, if ten days advance notice is impracticable, as much advance
notice as is practicable) and such Rating Agency shall not have issued any written notice that the occurrence of such event or circumstance
will itself cause it to downgrade, qualify or withdraw its rating assigned to the Notes. In the event that Fitch is a Rating Agency,
Fitch will be given notice of any event or circumstance in accordance with clause (b) of the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Rating Agency has any duty to review any notice given with respect to any event, and it is understood that such Rating
Agency may not actually review notices received by it prior to or after the expiration of the ten day period described in (b) above.
Further, each Rating Agency retains the right to downgrade, qualify or withdraw its rating assigned to all or any of the Notes at any
time in its sole judgment even if the Rating Agency Condition with respect to an event had been previously satisfied pursuant to clause
(a) or clause (b) above.

App. A-19 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Receivable
means any motor vehicle retail installment sales contract or installment loan with respect to a new or used automobile or sport utility
vehicle which shall appear on the Schedule of Receivables and all Related Security in connection therewith which has not been released
from the lien of the Indenture.

Receivable Files
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Record Date
means, unless otherwise specified in any Transaction Document, with respect to any Payment Date or Redemption Date, (i) for any
Definitive Notes and for the Certificates, the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding
the calendar month in which such Payment Date or Redemption Date occurs and (ii) for any Book-Entry Notes, the close of business
on the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date or Redemption Date.

Redemption Date
means, in the case of a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture, the Payment Date specified by the Administrator
or the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture.

Redemption Price
means an amount equal to the sum of (a) the unpaid Note Balance redeemed plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the
applicable Interest Rate for the Notes being so redeemed, up to but excluding the Redemption Date.

Reference Time
means, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Administrator after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes.

Registered Holder
means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register on the related Record Date.

Regulation AB
means Subpart 229.1100 Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. 229.1110-229.1125, as such regulation
may be amended from time to time and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have been provided by the Commission in the
adopting release (Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518. 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506, 1,531 (January 7, 2005))
or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided in writing by the Commission or its staff from time to time.

Related Security
means, for any Receivable, (i) the security interest in the related Financed Vehicle, (ii) any proceeds from claims on any
Insurance Policy (if such Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable after the Cut-Off Date), (iii) any other property securing the
Receivables, (iv) all rights of the Originator against the related Dealer and (v) all proceeds of the foregoing.

App. A-20 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Relevant Governmental
Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.

Reportable Event
means any event required to be reported on Form 8-K, and in any event, the following:

(a) entry
into a material definitive agreement related to the Issuer or the Notes or an amendment to a Transaction Document, even if the Seller
is not a party to such agreement (e.g., a servicing agreement with a servicer contemplated by Item 1108(a)(3) of Regulation AB);

(b) termination
of a Transaction Document (other than by expiration of the agreement on its stated termination date or as a result of all parties completing
their obligations under such agreement), even if the Seller is not a party to such agreement (e.g., a servicing agreement with a servicer
contemplated by Item 1108(a)(3) of Regulation AB);

(c) with
respect to the Servicer only, the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event;

(d) an
Event of Default;

(e) the
resignation, removal, replacement, or substitution of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee; and

(f) with
respect to the Indenture Trustee only, a required distribution to holders of the Notes is not made as of the required Payment Date under
the Indenture.

Repurchase Price
means, with respect to any Repurchased Receivable, a price equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Receivable (calculated
without giving effect to the second sentence of the definition of Defaulted Receivable) plus any unpaid accrued interest
related to such Receivable accrued to and including the end of the Collection Period preceding the date that such Repurchased Receivable
was purchased by VCI, the Servicer or the Seller, as applicable.

Repurchased Receivable
means a Receivable purchased by VCI pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement, by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.6
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Requested Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Requesting Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Reserve Account
means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

App. A-21 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Reserve Account
Draw Amount means, for any Payment Date, the amount withdrawn from the Reserve Account, equal to the lesser of (a) the
Available Funds Shortfall Amount, if any, or (b) the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account on such Payment Date. In addition,
if the sum of the amount in the Reserve Account and the amount of remaining Available Funds after payment of the amounts set forth in
clauses first through fifth of Section 4.4(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement would be sufficient
to pay in full the aggregate unpaid Note Balance of all of the outstanding Classes of Notes, then the Reserve Account Draw Amount will,
if so specified by the Servicer in the Servicers Certificate, include all amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account.

Reserve Account
Excess Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the amount of cash
or other immediately available funds in the Reserve Account on that Payment Date, after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals
from the Reserve Account relating to that Payment Date, over (b) the Specified Reserve Account Balance with respect to that Payment
Date.

Responsible Officer
means, (a) with respect to the Indenture Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Indenture Trustee, including
any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Indenture
Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively,
or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject
and who, in each case, shall have direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture, (b) with respect to the Owner Trustee,
any officer working within the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee, including any senior vice president, vice president, assistant
vice president, or trust officer or any other officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above
designated officers and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such
officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration
of the Trust Agreement, and (c) with respect to the Servicer or Seller, any officer of such Person having direct responsibility
for the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including the President, Treasurer or Secretary or any Vice President,
Controller, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Treasurer, Assistant Secretary, or any other officer customarily performing functions
similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to
whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

Review Conditions
means (i) the Delinquency Percentage for any Payment Date exceeds the Delinquency Trigger for that Payment Date and (ii) the
required percentage of Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, have voted to direct an Asset Review of the Subject Receivables.

Review Notice
means the notice delivered by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with Section 7.5(b) of the Indenture to the Asset Representations
Reviewer and the Servicer directing the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform an Asset Review.

Review Report
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.07 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

App. A-22 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

Sale and Servicing
Agreement means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Seller, the Issuer, the Servicer
and the Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Sarbanes Certification
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.21(b)(iii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor law thereto.

Schedule of Receivables
means the schedule of Receivables transferred to the Issuer on the Closing Date.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Seller
means Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Servicer
means VCI, initially, and any replacement Servicer appointed pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicer Replacement
Event means any one or more of the following that shall have occurred and be continuing:

(a) any
failure by the Servicer to deliver or cause to be delivered any required payment to the Indenture Trustee for distribution to the Noteholders,
which failure continues unremedied for ten Business Days after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or receipt
by the Servicer of written notice thereof from the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing a majority of the aggregate principal
balance of the Outstanding Notes;

(b) any
failure by the Servicer to duly observe or perform in any material respect any other of its covenants or agreements in the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Issuer or the Noteholders, and which continues unremedied
for 90 days after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or receipt by the Servicer of written notice thereof from
the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes;

(c) any
representation or warranty of the Servicer made in any Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party or by which it is bound
or any certificate delivered pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement proves to have been incorrect in any material respect when
made, which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Issuer or the Noteholders, and which failure continues unremedied
for 90 days after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or receipt by the Servicer of written notice thereof from
the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, (it being understood
that any repurchase of a Receivable by VCI pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement, by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.4
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall
be deemed to remedy any incorrect representation or warranty with respect to such Receivable); or

App. A-23 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

(d) the
Servicer suffers a Bankruptcy Event;

provided, however, that a delay
or failure of performance referred to under clauses (a), (b) or (c) above for a period of 120 days will
not constitute a Servicer Replacement Event if such delay or failure was caused by force majeure or other similar occurrence. The existence
or occurrence of any material instance of noncompliance (within the meaning of Item 1122 of Regulation AB) shall not create
any presumption that any event in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above has occurred.

Servicers
Certificate means the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicing Criteria
means the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB.

Servicing Fee
means, for any Payment Date, the product of (A) one-twelfth, or in the case of the first payment date one-sixth, (B) the Servicing
Fee Rate and (C) the Net Pool Balance as of the first day of the related Collection Period (or, in the case of the first Payment
Date, as of the Cut-Off Date).

Servicing Fee Rate
means 1.00% per annum.

Simple Interest
Method means the method of calculating interest due on a motor vehicle receivable on a daily basis based on the actual outstanding
principal balance of the receivable on that date.

Simple Interest
Receivable means any motor vehicle receivable pursuant to which the payments due from the Obligors during any month are allocated
between interest, principal and other charges based on the actual date on which a payment is received and for which interest is calculated
using the Simple Interest Method.

SOFR Adjustment
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes
to the interest period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and
other administrative matters) that the Administrator decides, from time to time, may be appropriate to adjust such SOFR Rate in a manner
substantially consistent with or conforming to market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines that no market practice exists, in such other manner
as the Administrator determines is reasonably necessary).

SOFR Adjustment Date means
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day before the first day of such Interest Period.

SOFR Determination Time means
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day, at which time Compounded SOFR is published on the FRBNYs
Website.

App. A-24 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

SOFR Rate
means the rate that will be obtained by the Indenture Trustee and notified to the Administrator for each Interest Period on the SOFR
Adjustment Date as of the SOFR Determination Time (or, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the Reference Time) and, except as provided below
following a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred,
shall mean, with respect to the Class A-2-B Notes as of any SOFR Adjustment Date, a rate equal to Compounded SOFR; provided, that,
the Administrator will have the right, in its sole discretion, to make applicable SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes.

Specified Reserve
Account Balance means, for any Payment Date, $3,255,209.92 (0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Closing Date).

Statutory Trust
Statute means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. Code 3801 et seq.

Sub-Servicer
means any Affiliate of the Servicer or any sub-contractor to whom any or all duties of the Servicer (including, without limitation, its
duties as custodian) under the Transaction Documents have been delegated in accordance with Section 6.5 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

Subject Receivables
means, for any Asset Review, all Receivables outstanding and held by the Issuer which are 60 or more days delinquent as of the first
day on which the Review Conditions are satisfied (as determined in accordance with the Servicers Customary Servicing Practices); provided,
however, that any Receivable that becomes a Repurchased Receivable or is paid off after such date will no longer be a Subject Receivable.

Supplemental Servicing
Fees means any and all (i) late fees, (ii) extension fees, (iii) non-sufficient funds charges and (iv) any
and all other administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law with respect to any Receivable.

Tax Information
means information and/or properly completed and signed tax certifications sufficient to eliminate the imposition of or to determine the
amount of any withholding of tax, including FATCA Withholding Tax, imposed on payments to the provider, and to allow the recipient to
comply with any reporting or other obligations under any applicable tax law, including but not limited to Internal Revenue Service Form W-9,
W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY, as applicable, and any required supporting documentation.

Test Fail
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

TIA
or Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended and as in force on the date hereof, unless
otherwise specifically provided.

Transaction Documents
means the Indenture, the Notes, the Note Depository Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Administration
Agreement, the Trust Agreement and the Asset Representations Review Agreement, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.

Transferred Assets
means (a) the Purchased Assets, (b) all of the Sellers rights under the Purchase Agreement and (c) all proceeds
of the foregoing.

App. A-25 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Trust Accounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Trust Account Property
means the Trust Accounts, all amounts and investments held from time to time in any Trust Account (whether in the form of deposit accounts,
Physical Property, book-entry securities, uncertificated securities or otherwise), and all proceeds of the foregoing.

Trust Agreement
means the Trust Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025, as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated
as of the Closing Date, between the Seller and the Owner Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Trust Estate
means all money, accounts, chattel paper, general intangibles, goods, instruments, investment property and other property of the Issuer,
including without limitation (i) the Receivables acquired by the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Related Security
relating thereto and Collections thereon after the Cut-Off Date, (ii) the Receivable Files, (iii) the rights of the Issuer
to the funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and any other account or accounts established pursuant to the Indenture
or Sale and Servicing Agreement and all cash, investment property and other property from time to time credited thereto and all proceeds
thereof (including investment earnings, net of losses and investment expenses, on amounts on deposit therein), (iv) the rights of
the Seller, as buyer, under the Purchase Agreement, (v) the rights of the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
Administration Agreement and (vi) all proceeds of the foregoing.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading
in U.S. government securities.

UCC
means, unless the context otherwise requires, the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction, as amended from
time to time.

UETA
means Title 15, United States Code, Sections 7001 et seq., the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Underwriting Agreement
means the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, between Barclays Capital, Inc., on behalf of itself and as a
representative of the several underwriters named therein, VCI and the Seller.

United States,
U.S. or USA means the United States of America (including all states, the District of Columbia
and political subdivisions thereof).

App. A-26 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

U.S. Tax Person
means a Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, generally including:

(a) a citizen or resident
of the United States;

(b) a corporation or
partnership organized in or under the laws of the United States, any State or the District of Columbia;

(c) an estate, the income
of which is includible in gross income for United States tax purposes, regardless of its source; or

(d) a trust if a U.S.
court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons have the authority
to control all substantial decisions of the trust or a trust that has properly elected to be treated as a United States person.

VCI
means VW Credit, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and assigns.

Verification Documents
means, with respect to any Note Owner, a certification from such Note Owner certifying that such Person is in fact, a Note Owner, as
well as an additional piece of documentation reasonably satisfactory to the recipient, such as a trade confirmation, account statement,
letter from a broker or dealer or other similar document.

Yield Supplement
Overcollateralization Amount means, with respect to the Closing Date and any Payment Date, the dollar amount set forth next
to such Payment Date on Schedule X hereto.

The foregoing definitions
shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. Unless otherwise inconsistent with the terms
of this Agreement, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made,
in accordance with GAAP. Amounts to be calculated hereunder shall be continuously recalculated at the time any information relevant to
such calculation changes.

App. A-27 Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing 

Agreement

SCHEDULE X

YIELD SUPPLEMENT OVERCOLLATERALIZATION AMOUNT

Payment Date Yield Supplement

Overcollateralization 

Amount 

Closing Date $ 125,389,657.08 

April 2025 $ 116,856,669.20 

May 2025 $ 112,689,344.66 

June 2025 $ 108,589,256.72 

July 2025 $ 104,556,680.80 

August 2025 $ 100,592,064.76 

September 2025 $ 96,696,204.90 

October 2025 $ 92,869,906.06 

November 2025 $ 89,114,010.77 

December 2025 $ 85,429,375.08 

January 2026 $ 81,816,577.40 

February 2026 $ 78,276,151.16 

March 2026 $ 74,808,786.14 

April 2026 $ 71,415,329.67 

May 2026 $ 68,096,601.37 

June 2026 $ 64,853,286.59 

July 2026 $ 61,685,778.74 

August 2026 $ 58,594,208.35 

September 2026 $ 55,578,346.98 

October 2026 $ 52,638,114.95 

November 2026 $ 49,773,880.94 

December 2026 $ 46,986,316.63 

January 2027 $ 44,276,150.64 

February 2027 $ 41,644,150.47 

March 2027 $ 39,090,957.49 

April 2027 $ 36,617,423.64 

May 2027 $ 34,224,307.94 

June 2027 $ 31,912,450.88 

July 2027 $ 29,682,712.76 

August 2027 $ 27,535,831.26 

September 2027 $ 25,471,958.37 

October 2027 $ 23,491,627.69 

November 2027 $ 21,595,615.25 

December 2027 $ 19,784,649.65 

January 2028 $ 18,059,130.10 

February 2028 $ 16,419,518.94 

March 2028 $ 14,864,372.58 

April 2028 $ 13,393,694.84 

X-1 Schedule X to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement

Payment Date Yield Supplement

Overcollateralization 

Amount 

May 2028 $ 12,006,718.61 

June 2028 $ 10,703,320.94 

July 2028 $ 9,483,744.35 

August 2028 $ 8,348,179.11 

September 2028 $ 7,295,853.64 

October 2028 $ 6,326,383.78 

November 2028 $ 5,439,555.05 

December 2028 $ 4,634,353.07 

January 2029 $ 3,910,387.02 

February 2029 $ 3,267,300.37 

March 2029 $ 2,702,545.67 

April 2029 $ 2,214,332.19 

May 2029 $ 1,794,749.26 

June 2029 $ 1,437,124.74 

July 2029 $ 1,140,892.00 

August 2029 $ 903,910.53 

September 2029 $ 709,638.88 

October 2029 $ 548,630.49 

November 2029 $ 416,927.99 

December 2029 $ 309,732.65 

January 2030 $ 223,421.70 

February 2030 $ 156,247.35 

March 2030 $ 105,189.68 

April 2030 $ 67,722.33 

May 2030 $ 39,477.26 

June 2030 $ 19,243.64 

July 2030 $ 7,050.03 

August 2030 $ 2,368.31 

September 2030 $ 903.97 

October 2030 $ 201.08 

November 2030 $ 1.01 

December 2030 $ 0.00 

X-2 Schedule X to the Sale and Servicing

Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION VERSION

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

among

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer

VW CREDIT, INC.,

as Administrator

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Indenture Trustee

Dated as of March 25, 2025

2025-1 Administration Agreement

Table
of Contents

Page

1. Duties of the Administrator 2

2. Records 3

3. Compensation; Payment of Fees and Expenses 3

4. Independence of the Administrator 3

5. No Joint Venture 3

6. Other Activities of the Administrator 3

7. Representations and Warranties of the Administrator 4

8. Administrator Replacement Events; Termination of the Administrator 4

9. Action upon Termination or Removal 6

10. Liens 6

11. Notices 6

12. Amendments 7

13. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 8

14. Headings 8

15. Counterparts 8

16. Entire Agreement 9

17. Severability of Provisions 9

18. Not Applicable to VCI in Other Capacities 9

19. Benefits of the Administration Agreement 9

20. Assignment 9

21. Nonpetition Covenant 9

22. Limitation of Liability 10

23. Other Interpretive Provisions 10

24. Electronic Signatures and Transmission 11

-i-

2025-1 Administration Agreement

THIS ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) dated as of March 25, 2025, is between Volkswagen
Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), VW CREDIT, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, as administrator (VCI or in its capacity as administrator, the Administrator),
and CITIBANK, N.A., a national banking association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned such terms in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), by and among Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan
Underwritten Funding, LLC, as seller, the Issuer, VCI, as servicer, and the Indenture Trustee.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, the Issuer has issued
the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Certificate pursuant to the Trust Agreement and has entered into certain agreements in connection
therewith, including, (i) the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (ii) the Indenture and (iii) the Note Depository Agreement
(the Trust Agreement and each of the agreements referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) are referred to herein collectively
as the Issuer Documents);

WHEREAS, to secure payment
of the Notes, the Issuer has pledged the Collateral to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Issuer Documents, the Issuer and the Owner Trustee are required to perform certain duties;

WHEREAS, the Issuer and the
Owner Trustee desire to have the Administrator perform certain of the duties of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee (in its capacity as
owner trustee under the Trust Agreement), and to provide such additional services consistent with this Agreement and the Issuer Documents
as the Issuer may from time to time request;

WHEREAS, the Administrator
has the capacity to provide the services required hereby and is willing to perform such services for the Issuer and the Owner Trustee
on the terms set forth herein;

2025-1 Administration Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual terms and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Duties
of the Administrator.

(a) Duties
with Respect to the Issuer Documents. The Administrator shall perform all of its duties as Administrator under this Agreement and
the Issuer Documents and the duties and obligations of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee (in its capacity as owner trustee under the Trust
Agreement) under the Issuer Documents, including the determination of a Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes, SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes, a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, a Benchmark Replacement or any
other matters related to or arising in connection with the foregoing, and including the execution on behalf of the Issuer of any amendment
to the Indenture that is being executed pursuant to Section 9.1 thereof, which such amendments the Administrator is authorized to
execute and deliver on behalf of the Issuer; provided, however, except as otherwise provided in the Issuer Documents, that
the Administrator shall have no obligation to make any payment required to be made by the Issuer under any Issuer Document; provided,
further, however, that the Administrator shall have no obligation, and the Owner Trustee shall be required to fully perform
its duties, with respect to the obligations of the Owner Trustee under Sections 11.12, 11.13, 11.14 and 11.15 of the Trust Agreement
and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Owner Trustee related to Regulation AB. In addition, the Administrator shall consult
with the Issuer and the Owner Trustee regarding its duties and obligations under the Issuer Documents. The Administrator shall monitor
the performance of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee and shall advise the Issuer and the Owner Trustee when action is necessary to comply
with the Issuers and the Owner Trustees duties and obligations under the Issuer Documents. The Administrator shall perform
such calculations, and shall prepare for execution by the Issuer or shall cause the preparation by other appropriate persons of all such
documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Issuer to prepare, file and deliver
pursuant to the Issuer Documents. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Administrator shall take all appropriate action that is the duty
of the Issuer to take pursuant to the Issuer Documents, and shall prepare, execute, file and deliver on behalf of the Issuer all such
documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Issuer to prepare, file or deliver
pursuant to the Issuer Documents or otherwise by law.

(b) Notices
to Rating Agencies. The Administrator shall give notice to each Rating Agency of (i) any merger or consolidation of the Owner
Trustee pursuant to Section 10.4 of the Trust Agreement; (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Indenture Trustee pursuant
to Section 6.9 of the Indenture; (iii) any resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.8 of
the Indenture; (iv) any Default or Event of Default of which it has been provided notice pursuant to Section 6.5 of the Indenture;
(v) the termination of, and/or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement; and (vi) any supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 9.1 or 9.2 of the Indenture; which notice shall be given,
in the case of each of (i) through (vi), promptly upon the Administrator being notified thereof by the Owner Trustee, the Indenture
Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable.

(c) No
Action by Administrator. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrator shall not be obligated to,
and shall not, take any action that the Issuer directs the Administrator not to take or which would result in a violation or breach of
the Issuers covenants, agreements or obligations under any of the Issuer Documents.

(d) Non-Ministerial
Matters; Exceptions to Administrator Duties.

(i) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, with respect to matters that in the reasonable judgment of the Administrator are non-ministerial,
the Administrator shall not take any action unless, within a reasonable time before the taking of such action, the Administrator shall
have notified the Issuer of the proposed action and the Issuer shall not have withheld consent or provided an alternative direction.
For the purpose of the preceding sentence, non-ministerial matters shall include, without limitation:

(A) the
initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the Issuer;

2 2025-1 Administration Agreement

(B) the
appointment of successor Note Registrars, successor Paying Agents, successor Indenture Trustees, successor Administrators or successor
Servicers, or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar, the Paying Agent or the Indenture Trustee of its obligations under
the Indenture; and

(C) the
removal of the Indenture Trustee.

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrator shall not be obligated to, and shall not, (x) make any payments to
the Noteholders under the Transaction Documents, (y) except as provided in the Transaction Documents, sell the Trust Estate or (z) take
any other action that the Issuer directs the Administrator not to take on its behalf.

2. Records.
The Administrator shall maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account
and records shall be accessible for inspection upon reasonable written request by the Issuer, the Seller and the Indenture Trustee at
any time during normal business hours.

3. Compensation;
Payment of Fees and Expenses. As compensation for the performance of the Administrators obligations under this Agreement,
the Administrator shall be entitled to receive $30,000 annually which shall be solely an obligation of the Servicer. The Administrator
shall pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder.

4. Independence
of the Administrator. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Administrator shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject
to the supervision of the Issuer with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder. Unless
expressly authorized by the Issuer, the Administrator shall have no authority to act for or to represent the Issuer in any way (other
than as permitted hereunder) and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer.

5. No
Joint Venture. Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall constitute the Administrator and the Issuer as members of any partnership,
joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability
as such on the Administrator or the Issuer or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on the Administrator or the Issuer any express, implied
or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the other.

6. Other
Activities of the Administrator. Nothing herein shall prevent the Administrator or its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses
or, in its sole discretion, from acting in a similar capacity as an Administrator for any other Person even though such Person may engage
in business activities similar to those of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee.

3 2025-1 Administration Agreement

7. Representations
and Warranties of the Administrator. The Administrator represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee as follows:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Administrator is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization and
has, in all material respects, all power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted. The Administrator has obtained all
necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect the ability of
the Administrator to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents or affect the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables
or any other part of the Collateral.

(b) Authorization
and No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Administrator of the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Administrator and (ii) do not contravene or
constitute a default under (A) any applicable law, rule or regulation, (B) its organizational documents or (C) any
material agreement, contract, order or other instrument to which it is a party or its property is subject (other than violations which
do not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by, or the Administrators ability to perform its obligations under,
the Transaction Documents).

(c) No
Consent Required. No approval or authorization by, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Administrator of any Transaction Document other than (i) UCC filings, (ii) approvals
and authorizations that have previously been obtained and filings that have previously been made and (iii) approvals, authorizations
or filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables
or any other part of the Collateral or would not materially and adversely affect the ability of the Administrator to perform its obligations
under the Transaction Documents.

(d) Binding
Effect. Each Transaction Document to which the Administrator is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Administrator enforceable against the Administrator in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and, if applicable, the rights of creditors of corporations from time to time in effect or by general
principles of equity.

8. Administrator
Replacement Events; Termination of the Administrator.

(a) Subject
to clauses (d) and (e) below, the Administrator may resign its duties hereunder by providing the Issuer with at least 60 days
prior written notice.

4 2025-1 Administration Agreement

(b) Subject
to clauses (d) and (e) below, the Issuer may remove the Administrator without cause by providing the Administrator with at
least 60 days prior written notice.

(c) The
occurrence of any one of the following events (each, an Administrator Replacement Event) shall also entitle the
Issuer, subject to Section 20 hereof, to terminate and replace the Administrator:

(i) any
failure by the Administrator to deliver or cause to be delivered any required payment to the Indenture Trustee for distribution to the
Noteholders, which failure continues unremedied for ten Business Days after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Administrator
or receipt by the Administrator of written notice thereof from the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing at least a majority of
the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes;

(ii) any
failure by the Administrator to duly observe or perform in any material respect any other of its covenants or agreements in this Agreement,
which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Issuer or the Noteholders, and which continues unremedied for 90 days
after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Administrator or receipt by the Administrator of written notice thereof from
the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing at least a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes;

(iii) any
representation or warranty of the Administrator made in any Transaction Document to which the Administrator is a party or by which it
is bound or any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement proves to have been incorrect in any material respect when made, which
failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Issuer or the Noteholders, and which failure continues unremedied for 90 days
after discovery thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Administrator or receipt by the Administrator of written notice thereof from
the Indenture Trustee or Noteholders evidencing at least a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes (it being
understood that any repurchase of a Receivable by VCI pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement, by the Seller pursuant
to Section 2.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
shall be deemed to remedy any incorrect representation or warranty with respect to such Receivable); or

(iv) the
Administrator suffers a Bankruptcy Event;

provided, however, that
a delay in or failure of performance referred to under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above for a period of 150 days will not constitute
an Administrator Replacement Event if such delay or failure was caused by force majeure or other similar occurrence.

5 2025-1 Administration Agreement

(d) If
an Administrator Replacement Event shall have occurred, the Issuer may, subject to Section 19 hereof, by notice given to
the Administrator and the Owner Trustee, terminate all or a portion of the rights and powers of the Administrator under this Agreement,
including the rights of the Administrator to receive the annual fee for services hereunder for all periods following such termination;
provided, however, that such termination shall not become effective until such time as the Issuer, subject to Section 19
hereof, shall have appointed a successor Administrator in the manner set forth below. Upon any such termination, all rights, powers,
duties and responsibilities of the Administrator under this Agreement shall vest in and be assumed by any successor Administrator appointed
by the Issuer, subject to Section 19 hereof, pursuant to a management agreement between the Issuer and such successor Administrator,
containing substantially the same provisions as this Agreement (including with respect to the compensation of such successor Administrator),
and the successor Administrator is hereby irrevocably authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Administrator,
as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all documents and other instruments, and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or
appropriate to effect such vesting and assumption. Further, in such event, the Administrator shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the administration of the Issuer to the new Administrator.

(e) The
Issuer, subject to Section 19 hereof, may waive in writing any Administrator Replacement Event by the Administrator in the
performance of its obligations hereunder and its consequences. Upon any such waiver of a past Administrator Replacement Event, such Administrator
Replacement Event shall cease to exist, and any Administrator Replacement Event arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied
for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Administrator Replacement Event or impair
any right consequent thereon.

9. Action
upon Termination or Removal. Promptly upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8,
or the removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8, the Administrator shall be entitled to be paid by the Servicer
all fees accruing to it to the date of such termination or removal.

10. Liens.
The Administrator will not directly or indirectly create, allow or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral other than Permitted Liens.

11. Notices.
All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified first-class
United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, by facsimile or by electronic mail and addressed in each
case as specified on Schedule II to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or at such other address as shall be designated in a written
notice to the other parties hereto. Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported tender of such communication by an officer of
the recipient entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient for notices hereunder.

6 2025-1 Administration Agreement

12. Amendments.

(a) Any
term or provision of this Agreement may be amended by the Administrator without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, any Noteholder,
the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or any other Person subject to the satisfaction of one of the following conditions:

(i) the
Administrator delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially and adversely
affect the interests of the Noteholders;

(ii) the
Administrator delivers an Officers Certificate of the Administrator to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; or

(iii) the
Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment and the Administrator notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing that
the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment;

provided, that no amendment shall be effective
which affects the rights, protections or duties of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee without the prior written consent of such
Person.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Issuer, the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee, with the consent of the Holders
of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes for the purpose of adding any
provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights
of the Noteholders. It will not be necessary for the consent of Noteholders to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment
or consent, but it will be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any
other consents of Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Noteholders
will be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates pursuant
to the Note Depository Agreement.

(c) Prior
to the execution of any such amendment, the Administrator shall provide written notification of the substance of such amendment to each
Rating Agency and the Owner Trustee; and promptly after the execution of any such amendment, the Administrator (i) shall furnish
a copy of such amendment to each Rating Agency, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and (ii) if this Agreement is amended
in accordance with clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 12(a), shall furnish a copy of such Opinion of Counsel or Officers
Certificate, as the case may be, to each of the Rating Agencies.

(d) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive
and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement
and that all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which adversely affects the Owner Trustees or the Indenture
Trustees, as applicable, own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement.

7 2025-1 Administration Agreement

13. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL, SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE
TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW, OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND
THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

(b) Each
of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i) submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any documents executed and delivered in connection
herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from
any thereof;

(ii) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought and maintained in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court
and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(iii) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address determined in accordance with Section 11
of this Agreement;

(iv) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right
to sue in any other jurisdiction; and

(v) to
the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives all right of trial by jury in any action, proceeding or
counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, or any matter arising
hereunder or thereunder.

14. Headings.
The section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction
or effect of this Agreement.

15. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature, each of which
so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

8 2025-1 Administration Agreement

16. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents contain a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter thereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter thereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. There are no unwritten agreements among the parties.

17. Severability
of Provisions. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever
held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

18. Not
Applicable to VCI in Other Capacities. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any obligation VCI may have in any other capacity.

19. Benefits
of the Administration Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person other than the parties
hereto and their successors hereunder, the Owner Trustee, any separate trustee or co-trustee appointed under Section 6.10 of the
Indenture and the Noteholders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Owner Trustee is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and may
enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto.

20. Assignment.
Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and consents to the mortgage, pledge, assignment and Grant of a security interest by the Issuer
to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders of all of the Issuers rights under this
Agreement. In addition, the Administrator hereby acknowledges and agrees that for so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Indenture
Trustee will have the right to exercise all waivers and consents, rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Issuer under
this Agreement.

21. Nonpetition
Covenant. Each party hereto agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations
of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by any Bankruptcy Remote Party (i) such party shall not authorize
any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization
or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against
such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of, its creditors generally, any party hereto or any other
creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party, and (ii) such party shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any
proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.

9 2025-1 Administration Agreement

22. Limitation
of Liability. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (a) this Agreement has been executed and delivered
by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, in the exercise
of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, warranties,
covenants, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, warranties,
covenants, undertakings and agreements by U.S. Bank Trust National Association but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only,
and is only binding on, the Issuer, (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on U.S. Bank Trust
National Association, individually or personally or as Owner Trustee, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein
of the Issuer, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under
the parties hereto, (d) U.S. Bank Trust National Association has made no investigation and shall make no investigation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any representations and warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (e) under no circumstances
shall U.S. Bank Trust National Association be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness, indemnities or expenses of the Issuer
or be liable for the performance, breach or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary duty, if any), representation, warranty
or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or under the Notes or any other related documents or in any of the
certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the
Issuer. For the purposes of this Agreement, in the performance of any duty or obligation on behalf of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner
Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, protections, indemnities and immunities in the Trust Agreement.

23. Other
Interpretive Provisions. For purposes of this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) accounting terms not otherwise
defined in this Agreement, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement to the extent not defined, shall have the respective
meanings given to them under GAAP (provided, that, to the extent that the definitions in this Agreement and GAAP conflict, the
definitions in this Agreement shall control); (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction
and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined in that Article; (c) the words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement; (d) references to any Article, Section, Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules,
Appendices and Exhibits in or to this Agreement and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or
definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (e) the term including
and all variations thereof means including without limitation; (f) except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
references to any law or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time and include any successor law or regulation;
(g) references to any Person include that Persons successors and assigns; and (h) headings are for purposes of reference
only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision herein.

10 2025-1 Administration Agreement

24. Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication,
including, without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission.
The term electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or
other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the
E-Sign Act, UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the parties hereto are authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports,
notices or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that
the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in
fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of
the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the parties hereto shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to such party, including, without limitation, the risk of such party
acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

(b) Any
requirement in this Agreement that a document, including this Agreement, is to be signed or authenticated by manual signature
or similar language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile or electronic signature and shall not be deemed to prohibit
delivery thereof by electronic transmission.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

11 2025-1 Administration Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

By: U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Jose A. Galarza

Name: Jose A. Galarza

Title: Vice President

S-1 2025-1 Administration Agreement

VW CREDIT, INC., as Administrator

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

S-1 2025-1 Administration Agreement

CITIBANK, N.A., as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Louis Piscitelli

Name: Louis Piscitelli

Title: Senior Trust Officer

S-2 2025-1 Administration Agreement

Joinder of Servicer:

VW CREDIT, INC., as Servicer, joins in this Agreement solely
for purposes of Section 3.

VW CREDIT, INC., as Servicer

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

S-3 2025-1 Administration Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION VERSION

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

TRUST AGREEMENT

between

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING,
LLC,

as the Seller

and

U.S.
BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Owner Trustee

Dated as of March 25, 2025

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1

SECTION 1.1. Capitalized Terms 1

SECTION 1.2. Other Interpretive Provisions 1

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATION 2

SECTION 2.1. Name 2

SECTION 2.2. Office 2

SECTION 2.3. Purposes and Powers 2

SECTION 2.4. Appointment of the Owner Trustee 3

SECTION 2.5. [Reserved] 3

SECTION 2.6. Declaration of Trust 3

SECTION 2.7. Organizational Expenses; Liabilities of the Holders 3

SECTION 2.8. Title to the Trust Estate 3

SECTION 2.9. Representations and Warranties of the Seller 4

SECTION 2.10. Situs of Issuer 5

ARTICLE III CERTIFICATE AND TRANSFER OF CERTIFICATE 5

SECTION 3.1. Initial Ownership 5

SECTION 3.2. Authentication of Certificate 5

SECTION 3.3. Form of the Certificate 5

SECTION 3.4. Registration of Certificates 5

SECTION 3.5. Transfer of Certificate 6

SECTION 3.6. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates 7

ARTICLE IV ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE 7

SECTION 4.1. Prior Notice to Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters 7

SECTION 4.2. Action by Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters 8

SECTION 4.3. Action by Certificateholder with Respect to Bankruptcy 8

SECTION 4.4. Restrictions on Certificateholders Power 8

SECTION 4.5. Majority Control 8

ARTICLE V APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES 9

SECTION 5.1. Application of Trust Funds 9

SECTION 5.2. Method of Payment 9

SECTION 5.3. Sarbanes-Oxley Act 9

-i-

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

SECTION 5.4. Signature on Returns 9

ARTICLE VI AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE 9

SECTION 6.1. General Authority 9

SECTION 6.2. General Duties 10

SECTION 6.3. Action upon Instruction 10

SECTION 6.4. No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions 11

SECTION 6.5. No Action Except under Specified Documents or Instructions 11

SECTION 6.6. Restrictions 12

ARTICLE VII CONCERNING the OWNER TRUSTEE 12

SECTION 7.1. Acceptance of Trusts and Duties 12

SECTION 7.2. Furnishing of Documents 14

SECTION 7.3. Representations and Warranties 14

SECTION 7.4. Reliance; Advice of Counsel 15

SECTION 7.5. Not Acting in Individual Capacity 15

SECTION 7.6. The Owner Trustee May Own Notes 16

ARTICLE VIII COMPENSATION and indemnification OF the OWNER TRUSTEE 16

SECTION 8.1. The Owner Trustees Compensation 16

SECTION 8.2. Indemnification 16

SECTION 8.3. Payments to the Owner Trustee 17

SECTION 8.4. Survival 17

ARTICLE IX TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT 17

SECTION 9.1. Termination of Trust Agreement 17

SECTION 9.2. Dissolution of the Issuer 17

SECTION 9.3. Limitations on Termination 17

ARTICLE X SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES 18

SECTION 10.1. Eligibility Requirements for the Owner Trustee 18

SECTION 10.2. Resignation or Removal of the Owner Trustee 18

SECTION 10.3. Successor Owner Trustee 19

-ii-

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

SECTION 10.4. Merger or Consolidation of the Owner Trustee 19

SECTION 10.5. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 20

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 21

SECTION 11.1. Amendments 21

SECTION 11.2. No Legal Title to Trust Estate in Certificateholder 22

SECTION 11.3. Limitations on Rights of Others 22

SECTION 11.4. Notices 22

SECTION 11.5. Severability 22

SECTION 11.6. Separate Counterparts 23

SECTION 11.7. Successors and Assigns 23

SECTION 11.8. No Petition 23

SECTION 11.9. Headings 24

SECTION 11.10. Governing Law 24

SECTION 11.11. Waiver of Jury Trial 24

SECTION 11.12. Information Requests 25

SECTION 11.13. Form 10-D and Form 10-K Filings 25

SECTION 11.14. Form 8-K Filings 25

SECTION 11.15. Information to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee 25

SECTION 11.16. Electronic Signatures and Transmission 26

SECTION 11.17. Anti-Money Laundering Law 27

Exhibit A Form of Certificate

-iii-

This AMENDED AND RESTATED
TRUST AGREEMENT is made as of March 25, 2025 (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect,
this Agreement) between VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, as the depositor (the Seller) and U.S. BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association,
as the owner trustee (the Owner Trustee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Seller and the
Owner Trustee entered into that certain Trust Agreement dated as of January 27, 2025 (the Original Trust Agreement),
and filed a certificate of trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to which the Issuer (as defined below)
was created; and

WHEREAS, in connection with
the issuance of the Notes, the parties have agreed to amend and restate the Original Trust Agreement;

NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual agreements herein contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Capitalized
Terms. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement
dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement) among the Issuer, the Seller, VW Credit, Inc., as servicer, and Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee, as the same
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

SECTION 1.2. Other
Interpretive Provisions. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other
document delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Agreement and all such certificates and other
documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) accounting terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement, and accounting terms
partly defined in this Agreement to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP (provided,
that, to the extent that the definitions in this Agreement and GAAP conflict, the definitions in this Agreement shall control); (b) terms
defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the State of Delaware and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined
in that Article; (c) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (d) references to any Article, Section,
Schedule or Exhibit are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this Agreement, and references to any
paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause
or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (e) the term including and all variations thereof means including
without limitation; (f) references to any law or regulation refer to that law or regulation as amended from time to time
and include any successor law or regulation; and (g) references to any Person include that Persons successors and assigns.

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

SECTION 2.1. Name.
The trust created under the Original Trust Agreement and continued hereby shall be known as Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust
2025-1 (the Issuer), in which name the Owner Trustee and the Administrator may conduct the business of such
trust, make and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of such trust and sue and be sued.

SECTION 2.2. Office.
The office of the Issuer shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at 1011 Centre Road, Suite 203, Wilmington, DE 19805, or at such
other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by written notice to the Certificateholder, the Seller and the Administrator.

SECTION 2.3. Purposes
and Powers. The purpose of the Issuer is, and the Issuer shall have the power and authority, to engage in the following activities:

(a) to issue
the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Certificate pursuant to this Agreement, and to sell, transfer and exchange the Notes and
the Certificate and to pay interest on and principal of the Notes and distributions on the Certificate;

(b) to acquire
the property and assets set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement from the Seller pursuant to the terms thereof, to make deposits
to and withdrawals from the Collection Account, the Principal Distribution Account and the Reserve Account and to pay the organizational,
start-up and transactional expenses of the Issuer;

(c) to assign,
Grant, transfer, pledge, mortgage and convey the Trust Estate pursuant to the Indenture and to hold, manage and distribute to the Certificateholder
any portion of the Trust Estate released from the lien of, and remitted to the Issuer pursuant to, the Indenture;

(d) to enter
into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party;

(e) to engage
in those activities, including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are
incidental thereto or connected therewith; and

(f) subject
to compliance with the Transaction Documents, to engage in such other activities as may be required in connection with conservation of
the Trust Estate and the making of distributions to the Certificateholder and the Noteholders.

Each of the Owner Trustee and the Administrator
is hereby authorized to engage in the foregoing activities on behalf of the Issuer. Neither the Issuer nor the Administrator or Owner
Trustee on behalf of the Issuer shall engage in any activity other than in connection with the foregoing or other than as required or
authorized by the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

2

SECTION 2.4. Appointment
of the Owner Trustee. The Seller pursuant to the Original Trust Agreement appointed the Owner Trustee as trustee of the Issuer, and
hereby confirms such appointment, to have all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein. The Owner Trustee hereby accepts such appointment
and will continue to serve as Owner Trustee under this Agreement.

SECTION 2.5. [Reserved].

SECTION 2.6. Declaration
of Trust. The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions set forth
herein for the use and benefit of the Certificateholder, subject to the obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents. It
is the intention of the parties hereto that the Issuer constitute a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust Act and that this Agreement
constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust. It is the intention of the parties hereto that, solely for United States
federal income and state and local income, franchise and value added tax purposes, so long as there is a single beneficial owner of the
Certificate, the Issuer will be disregarded as an entity separate from such beneficial owner and the Notes will be characterized as debt.
The parties agree that, unless otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, the Issuer will not file or cause to be filed annual
or other necessary returns, reports and other forms consistent with the characterization of the Issuer as an entity separate from its
beneficial owner. In the event that the Issuer is deemed to have more than one beneficial owner for United States federal income tax
purposes, the Issuer will file returns, reports and other forms consistent with the characterization of the Issuer as a partnership,
and this Agreement shall be amended to include such provisions as may be required under Subchapter K of the Code. Effective as of the
date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all rights, powers and duties set forth herein and in the Statutory Trust Act with respect
to accomplishing the purposes of the Issuer. The Certificate of Trust was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
as required by Section 3810(a) of the Statutory Trust Act. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Statutory Trust Act
to the contrary, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the Issuer constitute a business trust within the meaning
of Section 101(9)(A)(v) of the Bankruptcy Code.

SECTION 2.7. Organizational
Expenses; Liabilities of the Holders.

(a) The Servicer shall pay organizational
expenses of the Issuer as they may arise.

(b) No Certificateholder (including
the Seller) shall have any personal liability for any liability or obligation of the Issuer.

SECTION 2.8. Title
to the Trust Estate. Legal title to all the Trust Estate shall be vested at all times in the Issuer as a separate legal entity.

3

SECTION 2.9. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that, as of the date hereof:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Seller is a limited liability company validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
and has, in all material respects, all power and authority required to carry on its business as now conducted. The Seller has obtained
all necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect the ability
of the Seller to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and the Underwriting Agreement.

(b) Authorization
and No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is a party (i) have
been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Seller and (ii) do not contravene or constitute a default under
(A) any applicable law, rule or regulation, (B) its organizational instruments or (C) any material agreement, contract,
order or other instrument to which it is a party or its property is subject (other than violations of such laws, rules, regulations,
indenture or agreements which do not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of such agreements and which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by, or the Sellers ability to perform
its obligations under, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party).

(c) No
Consent Required. No approval, authorization or other action by, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of any Transaction Document other than (i) UCC filings, (ii) approvals
and authorizations that have previously been obtained and filings which have previously been made and (iii) approvals, authorizations
or filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(d) Binding
Effect. Each Transaction Document and the Underwriting Agreement to which the Seller is a party constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and, if applicable the rights of creditors of limited liability companies from time to time in effect or by general
principles of equity or other similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity.

(e) No
Proceedings. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the Seller
before or by any Governmental Authority that (i) assert the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents, (ii) seek to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (iii) seek any determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the collectability
or enforceability of the Receivables, or (iv) relate to the Seller that would materially and adversely affect the federal or Applicable
Tax State income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

4

SECTION 2.10. Situs
of Issuer. The Issuer shall be located in the State of Delaware (it being understood that the Issuer may have bank accounts located
and maintained outside of Delaware).

ARTICLE III

CERTIFICATE
AND TRANSFER OF CERTIFICATE

SECTION 3.1. Initial
Ownership. Upon the formation of the Issuer and until the issuance of the Certificate, the Seller is the sole beneficiary of the
Issuer; and upon the issuance of the Certificate, the Seller will no longer be a beneficiary of the Issuer, except to the extent that
the Seller is the Certificateholder.

SECTION 3.2. Authentication
of Certificate. Concurrently with the sale of the Transferred Assets to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
the Owner Trustee shall cause the Certificate to be executed on behalf of the Issuer, authenticated and delivered to or upon the written
order of the Seller, signed by its chairman of the board, its president, its chief financial officer, its chief accounting officer, any
vice president, its secretary, any assistant secretary, its treasurer or any assistant treasurer, without further corporate action by
the Seller. The Certificate shall represent 100% of the beneficial interest in the Issuer and shall be fully-paid and nonassessable.

SECTION 3.3. Form of
the Certificate. The Certificate, upon issuance, will be issued in the form of a typewritten Certificate, substantially in the form
of Exhibit A hereto, representing a definitive Certificate and shall be registered in the name of Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan
Underwritten Funding, LLC as the initial registered owner thereof. The Owner Trustee shall execute and authenticate, or cause
to be authenticated, the definitive Certificate in accordance with the instructions of the Seller.

SECTION 3.4. Registration
of Certificates. The Owner Trustee shall maintain at its Corporate Trust Office with respect to the surrender, transfer or exchange of
the Certificates or at the office of any agent appointed by it and approved in writing by the Certificateholder at the time of such appointment,
a register for the registration and transfer of the Certificate.

5

SECTION 3.5. Transfer
of Certificate.

(a) The Certificateholder
may assign, convey or otherwise transfer all or any of its right, title and interest in the Certificate; provided, that (i) the
Owner Trustee and the Issuer receive an Opinion of Counsel (at no cost or expense to the Owner Trustee) stating that, in the opinion
of such counsel, such transfer will not cause the Issuer to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a
corporation for United States federal income tax purposes and (ii) the Certificate (or any interest therein) may not be acquired
or held (in the initial acquisition or through a transfer) by or for the account of or with the assets of a Benefit Plan or any other
plan that is subject to a law that is substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law).
By accepting and holding a Certificate (or any interest therein), the holder thereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted
that it is not, and is not acquiring and will not hold the Certificate (or any interest therein) with the assets of a Benefit Plan or
any other plan or retirement arrangement that is subject to Similar Law. The Owner Trustee shall have no duty to independently determine
that the requirement in (ii) above is met and shall incur no liability to any person in the event the holder of the Certificate
does not comply with such restrictions. Subject to the transfer restrictions contained herein and in the Certificate, the Certificateholder
may transfer all or any portion of the beneficial interest in the Issuer evidenced by such Certificate upon surrender thereof to the
Owner Trustee accompanied by the documents required by this Section. Such transfer may be made by the registered Certificateholder in
person or by his attorney duly authorized in writing upon surrender of the Certificate to the Owner Trustee accompanied by (i) a
written instrument of transfer and with such signature guarantees and evidence of authority of the Persons signing the instrument of
transfer as the Owner Trustee may reasonably require and (ii) such other documentation as may be required by the Owner Trustee to
comply with applicable law. Promptly upon the receipt of such documents and receipt by the Owner Trustee of the transferors Certificate,
the Owner Trustee shall record the name of such transferee as a Certificateholder and its percentage of beneficial interest in the Issuer
in the Certificate register and issue, execute and deliver to such Certificateholder a Certificate evidencing such beneficial interest
in the Issuer. In the event a transferor transfers only a portion of its beneficial interest in the Issuer, the Owner Trustee shall register
and issue to such transferor a new Certificate evidencing such transferors new percentage of beneficial interest in the Issuer.
Subsequent to a transfer and upon the issuance of the new Certificate or Certificates, the Owner Trustee shall notify the Indenture Trustee
of such transfer, the name and address of the transferee, and cancel and destroy the Certificate surrendered to it in connection with
such transfer. The Owner Trustee may treat, for all purposes whatsoever, the Person in whose name any Certificate is registered as the
sole owner of the beneficial interest in the Issuer evidenced by such Certificate, and neither the Owner Trustee, nor any agent of the
Owner Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary. No transfer of all or any part of a Certificateholders interest (or
any economic interest therein) shall be made to any transferee other than a U.S. Tax Person. Further, in the event of any transfer of
a Certificate, the transferor shall deliver to any transferee an IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) certifying that it
is a U.S. Tax Person if so required in order to avoid withholding under Section 1446(f) of the Code or related regulations
or Internal Revenue Service guidance (together with any other appropriate certifications or documentation required).

(b) As a condition
precedent to any registration of transfer under this Section 3.5, the Owner Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient
to cover the payment of any tax or taxes or other governmental charges required to be paid in connection with such transfer.

(c) The Owner Trustee
shall not be obligated to register any transfer of a Certificate unless each of the transferor and the transferee have certified to the
Owner Trustee that such transfer does not violate any of the transfer restrictions stated herein including, but not limited to clauses (d) and
(e) of this Section 3.5. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for registering any transfer based
on such certifications.

6

(d) No transfer (or
purported transfer) of all or any part of a Certificateholders interest (or any economic interest therein), whether to another
Certificateholder or to a person who is not a Certificateholder, shall be effective, and any such transfer (or purported transfer) shall
be void ab initio, and no person shall otherwise become a Certificateholder if, after such transfer (or purported transfer), the
Issuer would have more than 95 direct or indirect holders of an interest in the Certificates. For purposes of determining whether the
Issuer will have more than 95 direct or indirect holders of an interest in the Certificates, each Person indirectly owning an interest
through a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes), a grantor trust or an S Corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (within the meaning of Section 1361(a)(1) of the Code) (each such entity, a flow-through
entity) shall be treated as a Certificateholder unless the Seller determines in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting
with qualified tax counsel, that less than substantially all of the value of the beneficial owners interest in the flow-through
entity is attributable to the flow-through entitys interest (direct or indirect) in the Issuer. Each Certificateholder (or indirect
holder on whose behalf any Certificates are held) shall notify the Administrator of any changes in ownership, and the Administrator shall
monitor the number of direct and indirect holders for purposes of this clause (d). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Owner
Trustee shall not have any obligation to determine the total number of direct or indirect holders or whether any transfer would cause
the number of direct or indirect holders to exceed the 95-holder limitation.

(e) No transfer shall
be permitted if the same is effected through an established securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)
within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code or would make the Issuer ineligible for safe harbor treatment under
Section 7704 of the Code.

SECTION 3.6. Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates. If (i) any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Owner Trustee or (ii) the
Owner Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction that the Certificate has been destroyed, lost or stolen, and upon proof of ownership
satisfactory to the Owner Trustee together with such security or indemnity as may be requested by the Owner Trustee to save it harmless,
the Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver a new Certificate for the same percentage of beneficial interest in the Issuer as the Certificate
so mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen, of like tenor and bearing a different issue number, with such notations, if any, as the Owner
Trustee shall determine. Upon the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 3.6, the Issuer or Owner Trustee may
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer
or exchange of the Certificate and any other reasonable expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of the Issuer and the Owner
Trustee) connected therewith. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant to this Section 3.6 shall constitute complete and
indefeasible evidence of ownership in the Issuer, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall
be found at any time.

ARTICLE IV

ACTIONS
BY OWNER TRUSTEE

SECTION 4.1. Prior
Notice to Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters. With respect to the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not take
action unless at least 10 days before the taking of such action (or such shorter notice acceptable to the Certificateholder), the Owner
Trustee shall have notified the Certificateholder in writing of the proposed action and the Certificateholder shall not have notified
the Owner Trustee in writing prior to the 10th day (or such shorter notice acceptable to the Certificateholder) after such notice is
given that the Certificateholder has withheld consent or provided alternative direction:

(a) the amendment
of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder is required;

7

(b) the amendment
of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder is not required and such amendment
materially adversely affects the interests of the Certificateholder;

(c) the amendment,
change or modification of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or the Administration Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or defect or
to amend or supplement any provision in a manner that would not materially adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholder; or

(d) the appointment
pursuant to the Indenture of a successor Indenture Trustee or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee
of its obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement, as applicable.

SECTION 4.2. Action
by Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters. The Owner Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the written direction
of the Certificateholder, to (a) except as expressly provided in the Transaction Documents, sell the Collateral after the termination
of the Indenture in accordance with its terms, (b) remove the Administrator under the Administration Agreement pursuant to Section 8
thereof or (c) appoint a successor Administrator pursuant to Section 8 of the Administration Agreement. The Owner Trustee shall
take the actions referred to in the preceding sentence only upon written instructions signed by the Certificateholder.

SECTION 4.3. Action
by Certificateholder with Respect to Bankruptcy. The Owner Trustee shall not have the power to commence a voluntary proceeding in
bankruptcy relating to the Issuer until one year and one day after the Note Balance of all Notes has been reduced to zero without the
prior written approval of the Certificateholder and the delivery to the Owner Trustee by the Certificateholder of a certificate certifying
that the Certificateholder reasonably believes that the Issuer is insolvent; provided however nothing in this section shall prevent the
Owner Trustee from filing a proof of claim in such a bankruptcy proceeding.

SECTION 4.4. Restrictions
on Certificateholders Power. The Certificateholder shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action
if such action or inaction would be contrary to any obligation of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any of the
Transaction Documents or would be contrary to Section 2.3, nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any such direction,
if given.

SECTION 4.5. Majority
Control. To the extent that there is more than one Certificateholder, any action which may be taken or consent or instructions which
may be given by the Certificateholder under this Agreement may be taken by Certificateholders holding in the aggregate a percentage of
the beneficial interest in the Issuer equal to more than 50% of the beneficial interest in the Issuer at the time of such action.

8

ARTICLE V

APPLICATION
OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES

SECTION 5.1. Application
of Trust Funds. Distributions on the Certificate shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Sale and
Servicing Agreement. Subject to the lien of the Indenture, the Owner Trustee shall promptly distribute to the Certificateholder all other
amounts (if any) received by the Issuer or the Owner Trustee in respect of the Trust Estate. After the termination of the Indenture in
accordance with its terms, the Owner Trustee shall distribute all amounts received (if any) by the Issuer and the Owner Trustee in respect
of the Trust Estate at the written direction of the Certificateholder provided, however, the Owner Trustee will be entitled to reimbursement
for all fees, expenses and indemnities due and owing to them under the Transaction Documents before any amounts shall be distributed
to the Certificateholder.

SECTION 5.2. Method
of Payment. Subject to the Indenture, distributions required to be made to the Certificateholder on any Payment Date and all amounts
received by the Issuer or the Owner Trustee on any other date that are payable to the Certificateholder pursuant to this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document shall be made to the Certificateholder by wire transfer, in immediately available funds, to the account
of the Certificateholder designated by the Certificateholder to the Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee in writing.

SECTION 5.3. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Transaction Document, the Owner Trustee shall not be required to execute,
deliver or certify in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act on behalf of the Issuer or any other Person, any periodic
reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act, or any other documents pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

SECTION 5.4. Signature
on Returns. Subject to Section 2.6, the Certificateholder shall sign on behalf of the Issuer the tax returns of the Issuer,
unless applicable law requires the Owner Trustee to sign such documents, in which case such documents shall be signed by the Owner Trustee
at the written direction of the Certificateholder.

ARTICLE VI

AUTHORITY
AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.1. General
Authority. The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to execute and deliver on behalf of the Issuer the Transaction Documents
to which the Issuer is named as a party, and each certificate or other document attached as an exhibit to or contemplated by the Transaction
Documents to which the Issuer or the Owner Trustee is named as a party and any amendment thereto, in each case, in such form as the Seller
shall approve, as evidenced conclusively by the Owner Trustees execution thereof, and at the written direction of the Seller,
to direct the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and deliver Class A-1 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $257,000,000, Class A-2-A
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $229,500,000, Class A-2-B Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $229,500,000, Class A-3
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $459,000,000 and Class A-4 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $75,000,000. In
addition to the foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized, but shall not be obligated, to take all actions required of the Issuer pursuant
to the Transaction Documents. The Owner Trustee is further authorized from time to time to take such action as the Seller or the Administrator
directs in writing with respect to the Transaction Documents, except to the extent that this Agreement expressly requires the consent
or direction of the Certificateholders for such action, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for any action or inaction
taken pursuant to such direction provided by the Seller, the Administrator or Certificateholder, as applicable.

9

SECTION 6.2. General
Duties. It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to be discharged) all of its responsibilities pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to administer the Issuer in the interest of the Certificateholder,
subject to the terms of the Transaction Documents, and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its duties and responsibilities hereunder
and under the Transaction Documents to the extent the Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement to perform any act or
to discharge any duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee hereunder or under any Transaction Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not
be liable for the default or failure of the Administrator or any other Person to carry out its obligations under the Administration Agreement
or any other document and shall have no duty to monitor and shall not be liable for the performance of the Administrator or any other
Person under the Administration Agreement or any other document. The Owner Trustee shall have no obligation to administer, service or
collect the Receivables or to maintain, monitor or otherwise supervise the administration, servicing or collection of the Receivables.
The Owner Trustee shall not be required to perform or monitor any of the obligations of the Issuer under any Transaction Document other
than as expressly provided for herein.

SECTION 6.3. Action
upon Instruction.

(a) Subject to Article IV,
and in accordance with the Transaction Documents, the Certificateholder may, by written instruction, direct the Owner Trustee in the
management of the Issuer. Such direction may be exercised at any time by written instruction of the Certificateholder pursuant to Article IV.

(b) Subject to Section 7.1,
the Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action hereunder or under any Transaction Document if the Owner Trustee shall have
reasonably determined or been advised by counsel that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee or
is contrary to the terms hereof or of any Transaction Document or is otherwise contrary to law.

(c) Whenever the Owner
Trustee is unable to decide between alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement or any Transaction
Document or is unsure as to the application of any provision of this Agreement or any Transaction Document or any such provision is ambiguous
as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event that this Agreement
permits any determination by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is incomplete as to the course of action that the Owner Trustee is required
to take with respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee shall promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate
under the circumstances) to the Certificateholder requesting instruction as to the course of action to be adopted or application of such
provision, and to the extent the Owner Trustee acts or refrains from acting in good faith in accordance with any written instruction
of the Certificateholder received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account of such action or inaction to any Person. If the
Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction within ten days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time as
reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or
refrain from taking such action, not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Transaction Documents, as it shall deem to be in the best
interests of the Certificateholder, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction.

10

(d) The Owner Trustee
shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement, or to institute, conduct or defend
any litigation, at the request, order or direction of the Certificateholder or any other Person, unless such Certificateholder or such
Person has offered to the Owner Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may
be incurred by the Owner Trustee (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel) therein or thereby,
including such advances as the Owner Trustee shall reasonably request.

SECTION 6.4. No
Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to
manage, make any payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of, or otherwise deal with the Trust Estate, or to otherwise
take or refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, any document contemplated hereby to which the Issuer or the Owner
Trustee is a party, except as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement or in any document or written instruction received by
the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.3; and no implied duties (including fiduciary duties) or obligations shall be read
into this Agreement or any Transaction Document against the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing
any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any ownership
or security interest or Lien granted to it hereunder or to prepare or file any Commission filing (including any filings required under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) for the Issuer or to record this Agreement or any Transaction Document, or to monitor or enforce the satisfaction
of any risk retention requirement. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Owner Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties)
and liabilities relating thereto to the Issuer or the Certificateholder, it is hereby understood and agreed by the other parties hereto
that all such duties and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Owner Trustee expressly set forth in this Agreement
and the Statutory Trust Act. The Owner Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, promptly take all action
as may be necessary to discharge any Liens on any part of the Trust Estate that result from actions by, or claims against, the Owner
Trustee that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the Trust Estate. The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility
or liability for or with respect to the genuineness, value, sufficiency or validity of the Trust Estate.

SECTION 6.5. No
Action Except under Specified Documents or Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise
deal with any part of the Trust Estate except (i) in accordance with the powers granted to and the authority conferred upon the
Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) in accordance with the Transaction Documents and (iii) in accordance with any
document or instruction delivered to the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.3.

11

SECTION 6.6. Restrictions.
The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (a) that is inconsistent with the purposes of the Issuer set forth in Section 2.3
or (b) that, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee, would (i) affect the treatment of the
Notes as indebtedness for United States federal income and state and local income, franchise and value added tax purposes, (ii) be
deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for United States federal income or state income or franchise tax purposes or (iii) cause
the Issuer or any portion thereof to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United
States federal income, state and local income or franchise tax purposes. The Certificateholder shall not direct the Owner Trustee to
take action that would violate the provisions of this Section.

ARTICLE VII

CONCERNING
the OWNER TRUSTEE

SECTION 7.1. Acceptance
of Trusts and Duties.

(a)
The Owner Trustee accepts the trusts hereby created and agrees to perform its duties hereunder
with respect to such trusts but only upon the terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee also agrees to disburse all moneys actually
received by it constituting part of the Trust Estate upon the terms of the Transaction Documents and this Agreement. The Owner
Trustee shall not be personally liable or accountable hereunder or under any Transaction Document under any circumstances
notwithstanding anything herein or in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, except (i) for its own willful misconduct or
gross negligence, (ii) in the case of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.3
expressly made by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, in its individual capacity, (iii) for liabilities arising from the
failure of the Owner Trustee to perform obligations expressly undertaken by it in the fourth sentence of Section 6.4 or
(iv) for taxes, fees or other charges on, based on or measured by, any fees, commissions or compensation received by the Owner
Trustee. In particular, but not by way of limitation of the foregoing:

(i) The Owner
Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by any of its officers or employees unless it is
proved that such persons were negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(ii) No provision
of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise
incur any financial liability in the exercise of its rights or powers hereunder or under any other Transaction Document;

(iii) Under
no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or indebtedness
of the Issuer;

(iv) The Owner
Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any fact or event unless a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee has actual
knowledge thereof or unless written notice of such fact or event is received by a Responsible Officer and such notice references the
fact or event;

12

(v) The recitals
and statements contained herein (other than the representations and warranties contained in Section 7.3 hereof) and in the Certificate
(other than any signature of the Owner Trustee thereon) shall be taken as the statements of the Seller, and the Owner Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof;

(vi) The Owner
Trustee shall not be personally liable for (x) special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, however styled, including,
without limitation, lost profits, (y) the acts or omissions of any nominee, correspondent, clearing agency or securities depository
through which it holds the Trusts securities or assets or (z) any losses due to forces beyond the control of the Owner Trustee,
including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, insurrection, revolution, pandemics, epidemics, nuclear
or natural catastrophes or acts of God and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and
hardware) services;

(vii) All funds
deposited with the Owner Trustee hereunder may be held in a non-interest bearing trust account and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable
for any interest thereon. Money held in trust need not be segregated from all other funds except and to the extent required by law or
the terms of this Agreement;

(viii) The
Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for preparing, filing or maintaining any trust licensing or qualifications to do business,
securities law filing or tax filing, and in no event will the Owner Trustee have any responsibility to monitor compliance with or enforce
compliance with the credit risk retention requirements for asset-backed securities or other rules or regulations relating to risk
retention;

(ix) The Owner
Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the due execution
hereof by any Person other than the Owner Trustee;

(x) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, neither U.S. Bank Trust National Association (or any successor thereto) nor the Owner Trustee
shall be required to take any action in any jurisdiction other than in the State of Delaware if the taking of such action will, even
after the appointment of a co-trustee or separate trustee in accordance with Section 10.5 hereof, (i) require the registration
with, licensing by or the taking of any other similar action in respect of, any State or other governmental authority or agency of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware by or with respect to the Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity); (ii) result
in any fee, tax or other governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or any political subdivisions thereof in existence on
the date hereof other than the State of Delaware becoming payable by the Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity); or (iii) subject
the Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity) to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware
for causes of action arising from acts unrelated to the consummation of the transactions by U.S. Bank Trust National Association (or
any successor thereto) or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, contemplated hereby;

13

(xi) The permissive
right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement or in any Transaction Document shall not be
construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct
in the performance of any such act; and

(xii) The Owner
Trustee shall not be liable for the failure to perform any duty if such failure is a result of another party failing to perform their
responsibilities under this Agreement or any Transaction Document.

(b) It
shall be the Administrator's duty and responsibility, and not the Owner Trustees duty or responsibility, to cause the Issuer to
respond to, defend, participate in or otherwise act in connection with any regulatory, administrative, governmental, investigative or
other proceeding or inquiry relating in any way to the Issuer, its assets or the conduct of its business; provided, that, the Owner Trustee
hereby agrees to cooperate with the Administrator and to comply with any reasonable request made by the Administrator for the delivery
of information or documents to the Administrator in the Owner Trustees actual possession relating to any such regulatory, administrative,
governmental, investigative or other proceeding or inquiry.

SECTION 7.2. Furnishing
of Documents. The Owner Trustee shall furnish to the Certificateholder promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor, duplicates
or copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and any other instruments furnished to the Owner
Trustee under the Transaction Documents.

SECTION 7.3. Representations
and Warranties. U.S. Bank Trust National Association, hereby represents and warrants to the Seller for the benefit of the Certificateholder,
that as of the date hereof:

(a) It is a national banking association
validly existing under the federal laws of the United States of America and having an office within the State of Delaware. It has all
requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) It has taken all corporate
action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be executed and delivered by
one of its officers who is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its behalf.

(c) This Agreement constitutes
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Owner Trustee, enforceable against the Owner Trustee in accordance with its terms, subject,
as to enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, conservatorship, receivership, liquidation and other
similar laws affecting enforcement of the rights of creditors of banks generally and to equitable limitations on the availability of
specific remedies.

14

(d) Neither the execution nor
the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by it with any
of the terms or provisions hereof will contravene any federal or Delaware law, governmental rule or regulation governing the banking
or trust powers of the Owner Trustee or any judgment or order binding on it, or constitute any default under its charter documents or
by-laws.

SECTION 7.4. Reliance;
Advice of Counsel

(a) The Owner
Trustee shall incur no personal liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, instruction, request,
consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed
by the proper party or parties. The Owner Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any such document, including verifying
the correctness of any numbers or calculations and, in the absence of bad faith on its part, may conclusively rely thereon as to the
truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein. The Owner Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution
of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted
by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the method of the determination of which is not
specifically prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all purposes hereof conclusively rely on a certificate, signed by the president
or any vice president or by the treasurer, secretary or other Authorized Officers of the relevant party, as to such fact or matter, and
such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Owner Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith
in reliance thereon.

(b) In the
exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder and in the performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement or the Transaction
Documents, the Owner Trustee (i) may act directly or through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into with any
of them, but the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable for the conduct or misconduct of such agents, custodians, nominees (including
persons acting under a power of attorney) or attorneys selected with reasonable care and (ii) may consult with counsel, accountants
and other skilled persons knowledgeable in the relevant area to be selected with reasonable care and employed by it at the expense of
the Issuer. The Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance
with the written opinion or advice of any such counsel, accountants or other such persons.

SECTION 7.5. Not
Acting in Individual Capacity. Except as provided in this Article VII, in accepting the trusts hereby created, the Owner
Trustee acts solely as the Owner Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity and all Persons having any claim against the Owner
Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Transaction Document shall look only to the Trust Estate
for payment or satisfaction thereof.

15

SECTION 7.6. The
Owner Trustee May Own Notes. The Owner Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes.
The Owner Trustee may deal with the Seller, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and their respective Affiliates in banking transactions
with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Owner Trustee, and the Seller, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator
and their respective Affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking relationships with the Owner Trustee and its Affiliates.

ARTICLE VIII

COMPENSATION
and indemnification OF the OWNER TRUSTEE

SECTION 8.1. The
Owner Trustees Compensation. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to pay to the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 3.11
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement from time to time compensation for all services rendered by the Owner Trustee under this Agreement
pursuant to a fee letter between the Servicer and the Owner Trustee (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law
in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust). The Servicer, pursuant to Section 3.11 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and the fee letter between the Servicer and the Owner Trustee, shall reimburse the Owner Trustee upon its request for all reasonable
expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Owner Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Agreement (including
the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of such agents, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection
with the exercise and performance of its rights and its duties hereunder, which shall include legal fees and expenses in connection with
enforcement of its rights to indemnity hereunder), except any such expense may be attributable to its willful misconduct or gross negligence
(other than an error in judgment). To the extent not paid by the Servicer, such fees and reasonable expenses shall be paid by the Issuer
in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.4(b) of the Indenture, as applicable.

SECTION 8.2. Indemnification.
The Seller shall cause the Servicer and the Issuer to indemnify the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity and as trustee and its successors,
assigns, directors, officers, employees and agents (the Indemnified Parties) from and against, any and all loss,
liability, expense, tax, penalty or claim (including reasonable legal fees and expenses, which shall include legal fees and expenses
in connection with enforcement of its rights to indemnity hereunder) of any kind and nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed
on, incurred by, or asserted against the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity and as trustee or any Indemnified Party in any way
relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, the Trust Estate, the administration of the Trust Estate or
the action or inaction of the Owner Trustee hereunder; provided, however, that neither the Seller, the Issuer nor the Servicer
shall be liable for or required to indemnify the Owner Trustee from and against any of the foregoing expenses arising or resulting from
(i) the Owner Trustees own willful misconduct or gross negligence, (ii) the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty
contained in Section 7.3 expressly made by the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (iii) liabilities arising from
the failure of the Owner Trustee to perform obligations expressly undertaken by it in the fourth sentence of Section 6.4
or (iv) taxes, fees or other charges on, based on or measured by, any fees, commissions or compensation received by the Owner Trustee.
To the extent not paid by the Servicer, amounts owed by the Issuer under this Section 8.2 shall be paid in accordance with
Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.4(b) of the Indenture, as applicable and to the extent these
agreements are still in place.

16

SECTION 8.3. Payments
to the Owner Trustee. Any amounts paid to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Article VIII and the Sale and Servicing
Agreement shall be deemed not to be a part of the Trust Estate immediately after such payment.

SECTION 8.4. Survival.
The provisions of this Article VIII shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall survive the removal or resignation
of the Owner Trustee.

ARTICLE IX

TERMINATION
OF TRUST AGREEMENT

SECTION 9.1. Termination
of Trust Agreement. The Issuer shall wind up and dissolve and this Agreement shall terminate (other than provisions hereof which
by their terms survive termination) upon the later of (a) the final distribution by the Owner Trustee, at the direction of the Certificateholders,
of all moneys or other property or proceeds of the Trust Estate in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and Article V and (b) the discharge of the Indenture in accordance with Article IV of the Indenture.
Upon the dissolution of the Issuer, the Administrator shall take all action necessary to windup the affairs of the Issuer as required
by Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Act. The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, death or incapacity of the Certificateholder
shall not (x) operate to terminate this Agreement or the Issuer, (y) entitle the Certificateholders legal representatives
or heirs to claim an accounting or to take any action or proceeding in any court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of
the Issuer or Trust Estate or (z) otherwise affect the rights, obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto.

SECTION 9.2. Dissolution
of the Issuer. Notice of any dissolution or termination of the Issuer shall be given in writing by the Administrator to the Depositor
and the Owner Trustee. Within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such notice, the Owner Trustee shall provide written notice to
the Certificateholder of the dissolution or termination of the Issuer and that the final distribution of all amounts remaining in the
Trust Estate shall be made upon presentation and surrender of the outstanding Certificates to the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee, upon
surrender of the outstanding Certificates, shall distribute the remaining Trust Estate (if any) in accordance with Article V
hereof and, at the written direction and expense of the Certificateholder, shall cause the Certificate of Trust to be cancelled by
filing a certificate of cancellation with the Delaware Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Section 3810 of the
Statutory Trust Act, at which time the Issuer shall terminate and this Agreement (other than Article VIII) shall be of no
further force or effect.

SECTION 9.3. Limitations
on Termination. Except as provided in Section 9.1, neither the Seller nor the Certificateholder shall be entitled to
revoke or terminate the Issuer.

17

ARTICLE X

SUCCESSOR
OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL

OWNER TRUSTEES

SECTION 10.1. Eligibility
Requirements for the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall at all times be a bank (i) authorized to exercise corporate trust
powers, (ii) that has, or has a direct or indirect parent that has, a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and (iii) subject
to supervision or examination by Federal or state authorities. If such bank shall publish reports of condition at least annually, pursuant
to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purpose of this Section, the combined
capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report
of condition so published. The Owner Trustee shall at all times be an institution satisfying the provisions of Section 3807(a) of
the Statutory Trust Act. In case at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section,
the Owner Trustee shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 10.2.

SECTION 10.2. Resignation
or Removal of the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged from the trusts hereby created by giving
written notice thereof to the Seller, the Administrator, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Certificateholder. Upon receiving
such notice of resignation, the Seller and the Administrator, acting jointly, shall promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee which
satisfies the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 10.1 by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument
shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee. If no successor Owner Trustee shall have
been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee
may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee; provided, however, that
such right to appoint or to petition for the appointment of any such successor shall in no event relieve the resigning Owner Trustee
from any obligations otherwise imposed on it under the Transaction Documents until such successor has in fact assumed such appointment.

If at any time the Owner
Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.1 and shall fail to resign after written
request therefor by the Seller or the Administrator, or if at any time the Owner Trustee shall be legally unable to act, or shall be
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall
take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,
then the Seller or the Administrator may remove the Owner Trustee. If the Seller or the Administrator shall remove the Owner Trustee
under the authority of the immediately preceding sentence, the Seller and the Administrator, acting jointly, shall promptly appoint a
successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing Owner Trustee
so removed and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee and shall pay all fees, expenses and indemnities owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee.

18

Any resignation or removal
of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not become
effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.3 and payment of all fees
and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. The Seller shall provide (or shall cause to be provided) notice of such resignation
or removal of the Owner Trustee to each of the Rating Agencies.

SECTION 10.3. Successor
Owner Trustee. Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 10.2 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver
to the Seller, the Administrator and to its predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment under this Agreement,
and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective and such successor Owner Trustee, without
any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor
under this Agreement, with like effect as if originally named as the Owner Trustee. The predecessor Owner Trustee shall upon payment
of its fees and expenses deliver to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and statements and monies held by it under this Agreement;
and the Seller and the predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such other things as may reasonably
be required for fully and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor Owner Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.

No successor Owner Trustee
shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner Trustee shall be
eligible pursuant to Section 10.1.

Upon acceptance of appointment
by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Seller shall mail (or shall cause to be mailed) notice of the successor of
the Owner Trustee to the Certificateholder, Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and each of the Rating Agencies. If the Seller shall
fail to mail (or cause to be mailed) such notice within 10 days after acceptance of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee, the successor
Owner Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Seller. Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to this
Section 10.3 shall promptly file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
identifying the name and the principal place of business of such successor Owner Trustee in the State of Delaware.

SECTION 10.4. Merger
or Consolidation of the Owner Trustee. Any Person into which the Owner Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be
consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Owner Trustee shall be a party, or any
Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Owner Trustee, shall, without the execution or filing
of any instrument or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, be the
successor of the Owner Trustee hereunder; provided, that such Person shall be eligible pursuant to Section 10.1; and
provided, further that the Owner Trustee shall file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust of the Issuer, if required by applicable
law, and mail notice of such merger or consolidation to the Seller and the Administrator.

19

SECTION 10.5. Appointment
of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of meeting
any legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Seller and the Owner
Trustee acting jointly shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons approved by
the Owner Trustee to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part
of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person, in such capacity, such title to the Trust Estate, or any part thereof, and, subject
to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Seller and the Owner Trustee may
consider necessary or desirable. If the Seller shall not have joined in such appointment within 15 days after the receipt by it of a
request so to do, the Owner Trustee alone shall have the power to make such appointment. No co-trustee or separate trustee under this
Agreement shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee pursuant to Section 10.1 and no notice
of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required pursuant to Section 10.3.

Each separate trustee and
co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(i) all rights,
powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee shall be conferred upon and exercised or performed by the
Owner Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized
to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which
any particular act or acts are to be performed, the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in
which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Issuer or any portion thereof in any such
jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Owner
Trustee;

(ii) no trustee
under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and

(iii) the Seller
and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

Any notice, request or other
writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively
as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions
of this Article. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates
or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein,
subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of,
affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Owner Trustee. Each such instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee
and copies thereof given to the Seller and the Administrator.

Any separate trustee or co-trustee
may at any time appoint the Owner Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited
by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee
shall become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and
be exercised by the Owner Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee. The Owner Trustee
shall have no obligation to determine whether a co-trustee or separate trustee is legally required in any jurisdiction in which any part
of the Trust Estate may be located.

20

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 11.1. Amendments.

(a) Any term
or provision of this Agreement may be amended by the Seller and the Owner Trustee without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, any Noteholder,
the Issuer or any other Person subject to the satisfaction of one of the following conditions:

(i) the Seller
delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the
interests of the Noteholders;

(ii) the Seller
delivers an Officers Certificate of the Seller to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially
and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; or

(iii) the Rating
Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment and the Seller notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing that the Rating
Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment;

provided, that no amendment shall be effective
which affects the rights, protections or duties of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee without the prior written consent of such
Person.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Seller and the Owner Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing
not less than a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or
changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders.
It will not be necessary to obtain the consent of the Noteholders to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or consent,
but it will be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents
of Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Noteholders will be subject
to such reasonable requirements as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates pursuant to the Note
Depository Agreement.

(c) Prior
to the execution of any such amendment, the Seller shall provide written notification of the substance of such amendment to each Rating
Agency and the Owner Trustee; and promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Seller (i) shall furnish a
copy of such amendment or consent to each Rating Agency, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and (ii) if this Agreement
is amended in accordance with clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 11.1(a), shall furnish a copy of such
Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate, as the case may be, to each of the Rating Agencies.

21

(d) Prior
to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Opinion
of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent
to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into
any such amendment which affects the Owner Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

SECTION 11.2. No
Legal Title to Trust Estate in Certificateholder. The Certificateholder shall not have legal title to any part of the Trust Estate.
The Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect to its undivided beneficial interest therein only in accordance
with Articles V and IX. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or interest of the Certificateholder
to and in its ownership interest in the Trust Estate shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the trusts hereunder or entitle any
transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Trust Estate.

SECTION 11.3. Limitations
on Rights of Others. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the Seller, the Administrator,
the Certificateholder and, to the extent expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement,
whether express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Trust
Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.

SECTION 11.4. Notices.

(a) Unless
otherwise expressly specified or permitted by the terms hereof, all notices shall be in writing and shall be deemed given by facsimile
with receipt acknowledged by the recipient thereof or upon receipt personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed certified
mail, return receipt requested, or electronic mail, if to the Owner Trustee, addressed as specified on Schedule II to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement; or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party.

(b) Any notice
required or permitted to be given to the Certificateholder shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid or electronic mail, at
the address of the Certificateholder as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party. Any notice so mailed
within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Certificateholder
receives such notice.

SECTION 11.5. Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

22

SECTION 11.6. Separate
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature,
each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.7. Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements contained herein shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Seller, the Owner
Trustee and its successors and permitted assigns and the Certificateholder and its successors and permitted assigns, all as herein provided.
Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or action by the Certificateholder shall bind the successors and
assigns of the Certificateholder.

SECTION 11.8. No
Petition.

(a) Subject
to Section 4.3, each of the Owner Trustee (in its individual capacity and as the Owner Trustee), by entering into this Agreement,
the Seller, the Certificateholder, by accepting the Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder or Note Owner by accepting
the benefits of this Agreement, hereby covenants and agrees that prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full
of all obligations of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by the Bankruptcy Remote Parties (i) such
party shall not authorize any Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other proceeding
seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver,
liquidator, custodian or other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property
or to consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding
commenced against such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of, its creditors generally, any party
hereto or any other creditor of such Bankruptcy Remote Party and (ii) such party shall not commence, join or institute against,
with any other Person, any proceeding against such Bankruptcy Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation
or insolvency law or statute now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.

23

(b) The Sellers
obligations under this Agreement are obligations solely of the Seller and will not constitute a claim against the Seller to the extent
that the Seller does not have funds sufficient to make payment of such obligations. In furtherance of and not in derogation of the foregoing,
each of the Owner Trustee (in its individual capacity and as the Owner Trustee), by entering into or accepting this Agreement, each Certificateholder,
by accepting a Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement,
hereby acknowledges and agrees that such Person has no right, title or interest in or to the Other Assets of the Seller. To the extent
that, notwithstanding the agreements and provisions contained in the preceding sentence, each of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee,
each Noteholder or Note Owner and the Certificateholder either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or benefit from, Other Assets
or (ii) is deemed to have any such interest, claim to, or benefit in or from Other Assets, whether by operation of law, legal process,
pursuant to applicable provisions of insolvency laws or otherwise (including by virtue of Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code or any successor provision having similar effect under the Bankruptcy Code), then such Person further acknowledges and agrees that
any such interest, claim or benefit in or from Other Assets is and will be expressly subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full,
which, under the terms of the relevant documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of such Other Assets, are entitled to be
paid from, entitled to the benefits of, or otherwise secured by such Other Assets (whether or not any such entitlement or security interest
is legally perfected or otherwise entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws,
and whether or not asserted against the Seller), including the payment of post-petition interest on such other obligations and liabilities.
This subordination agreement will be deemed a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Each of the Owner Trustee (in its individual capacity and as the Owner Trustee), by entering into or accepting this Agreement,
each Certificateholder, by accepting a Certificate, and the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting the benefits
of this Agreement, hereby further acknowledges and agrees that no adequate remedy at law exists for a breach of this Section and
the terms of this Section may be enforced by an action for specific performance. The provisions of this Section will be for
the third party benefit of those entitled to rely thereon and will survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.9. Headings.
The Article and Section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to
affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.10. Governing
Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT
OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE PERTAINING TO TRUSTS SHALL NOT BE APPLICABLE TO THE ISSUER,
THIS AGREEMENT, THE OWNER TRUSTEE, THE CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON THAT IS BOUND OR MAY BECOME BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT,
AND ALL SUCH PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS, POWERS, DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS OF SUCH PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT ARE LIMITED TO THE RIGHTS, POWERS, DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE STATUTORY
TRUST ACT.

SECTION 11.11. Waiver
of Jury Trial. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives all right of trial by jury in any
action, proceeding or counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document,
or any matter arising hereunder or thereunder.

24

SECTION 11.12. Information
Requests. The parties hereto shall provide any information reasonably requested by the Servicer, the Issuer, the Seller or any of
their Affiliates at the expense of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Seller or any of their Affiliates, as applicable, in order to comply
with or obtain more favorable treatment under any current or future law, rule, regulation, accounting rule or principle.

SECTION 11.13. Form 10-D
and Form 10-K Filings. So long as the Seller is filing Exchange Act Reports with respect to the Issuer (i) no later than
each Payment Date, the Owner Trustee shall notify the Seller of any Form 10-D Disclosure Item with respect to the Owner Trustee,
together with a description of any such Form 10-D Disclosure Item in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Seller and
(ii) no later than March 15 of each calendar year, commencing March 15, 2026, the Owner Trustee shall notify the Seller
in writing of any affiliations or relationships between the Owner Trustee and any Item 1119 Party; provided, that no such notification
need be made if the affiliations or relationships are unchanged from those provided in the notification in the prior calendar year.

SECTION 11.14. Form 8-K
Filings. So long as the Seller is filing Exchange Act Reports with respect to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee shall promptly notify
the Seller, but in no event later than five (5) Business Days after its occurrence, of any Reportable Event described in clause
(e) of the definition thereof with respect to the Owner Trustee of which a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee has actual knowledge
(other than a Reportable Event described in clause (e) of the definition thereof as to which the Seller or the Servicer has
actual knowledge). The Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have actual knowledge of any such event to the extent that it relates to the
Owner Trustee in its individual capacity or any action by the Owner Trustee under this Agreement.

SECTION 11.15. Information
to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee.

(a) The Owner Trustee
shall provide the Seller and the Servicer (each, a VW Party and, collectively, the VW Parties)
with (i) notification, as soon as practicable and in any event within five Business Days, of all demands communicated (other than
by a VW Party) to a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee for the repurchase or replacement of any Receivable pursuant to Section 2.4
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.4 of the Purchase Agreement, as applicable and (ii) promptly upon reasonable
written request (which may include electronic communications) by a VW Party, any other information reasonably requested by a VW Party
in the Owner Trustees possession and that can be provided to the VW Parties without unreasonable effort or expenses to facilitate
compliance by the VW Parties with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, and Items 1104(e), 1117, 1119 and 1121(c) of Regulation
AB. In no event shall the Owner Trustee have (x) any responsibility or liability in connection with any filing required to be made
by a securitizer under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB or with any VW Parties compliance with the Exchange Act or Regulation
AB or (y) any duty or obligation to undertake any investigation or inquiry related to repurchase activity or otherwise to assume
any additional duties or responsibilities in respect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. In no event
shall the Owner Trustee be deemed to be a securitizer as defined in Section 15Ga of the Exchange Act, nor shall it
have any responsibility for making any filing to be made by a securitizer under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB. A demand does not
include general inquiries, including investor inquiries, regarding asset performance or possible breaches of representations or warranties.

25

(b) The Owner Trustee
shall, as promptly as practicable following notice to or discovery by the Owner Trustee of any changes to any information regarding the
Owner Trustee as is required for the purpose of compliance with Item 1117 of Regulation AB, provide to the Depositor, in writing,
such updated information.

SECTION 11.16. Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For purposes of
this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication, including,
without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission. The term
electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record
and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto agrees that
this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the E-Sign Act,
UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Administrator are authorized to accept written instructions,
directions, reports, notices or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to
verify or confirm that the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic
transmission is, in fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information
on behalf of the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Administrator
shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance
upon or compliance with such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to the Issuer,
the Owner Trustee or the Administrator, as applicable, including, without limitation, the risk of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the
Administrator acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception
and misuse by third parties. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for, and shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Issuer and
the Servicer in accordance with Section 8.2 of this Agreement against any loss arising out of the use of electronic or digital signatures
and electronic methods of submission with respect to this Agreement and any documents or notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement
or the related documents, including the risk of the Owner Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and
misuse by third parties.

(b) Any requirement
in this Agreement, the Notes or the Certificates that a document, including this Agreement, the Notes and the Certificates, is to be
signed or authenticated by manual signature or similar language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile
or electronic signature and shall not be deemed to prohibit delivery thereof by electronic transmission.

26

SECTION 11.17. Anti-Money
Laundering Law. In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations, and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to
banking institutions, including without limitation, those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including
Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (Applicable Law), the Owner Trustee is required, to obtain, verify, record
and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Owner Trustee. Accordingly,
the Issuer and the Seller agree to provide to the Issuer, the Seller and the Owner Trustee, upon each such partys reasonable request,
such identifying information and documentation as may be available in order to permit compliance with Applicable Law. The Seller covenants
and agrees to take any action necessary to ensure compliance by the Issuer with the Corporate Transparency Act 31 CFR 1010 et. seq. (the
CTA), if any. It shall not be the Owner Trustees duty to cause the Issuer to make such filings or to cause the Issuer
to comply with its obligations under the CTA, if any. The Seller agrees that for the purposes of Applicable Law and the CTA, the Seller
is and shall be deemed to be the sole direct owner of the Issuer, acknowledges that the Owner Trustee acts solely as a directed trustee
at the direction of the Seller hereunder, and that one or more executive officer, senior officer, or senior manager or any other individual
who regularly performs similar functions, of or any other individuals affiliated with the Seller, are and shall be deemed to be the persons
with the power and authority to exercise substantial control over the Issuer.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank]

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.

U.S. BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Jose A. Galarza

Name: Jose A. Galarza

Title: Vice President

S-1 Amended & Restated Trust Agreement

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LEASE/LOAN UNDERWRITTEN FUNDING, LLC

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: President and Head of Securitization

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

S-2 Amended & Restated Trust Agreement

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CERTIFICATE

NUMBER $[ ]

100% BENEFICIAL INTEREST

R-1

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

CERTIFICATE

Evidencing the 100% beneficial
interest in all of the assets of the Issuer (as defined below), which consist primarily of motor vehicle receivables, including motor
vehicle retail installment sales contracts and/or installment loans that are secured by new and used automobiles and sport utility vehicles.

(This Certificate does
not represent an interest in or obligation of Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC, VW Credit, Inc. or any of their
respective Affiliates, except to the extent described below.)

THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION,
AND MAY NOT BE RESOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM OR IN A TRANSACTION
NOT SUBJECT THERETO.

NEITHER THIS CERTIFICATE
NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE ACQUIRED OR HELD (IN THE INITIAL ACQUISITION OR THROUGH A TRANSFER) BY OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OR WITH
ANY ASSETS OF (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) WHICH IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN (DESCRIBED
BY SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE)), WHICH IS SUBJECT TO
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (C) ANY ENTITY DEEMED TO HOLD THE PLAN ASSETS OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING BY REASON OF ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLANS OR A PLANS INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY OR (D) ANY PLAN OR RETIREMENT ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO A LAW THAT
IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.

THIS CERTIFIES THAT [___________]
is the registered owner of a 100% nonassessable, fully-paid beneficial interest in the Trust Estate of VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED
TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer) formed by Volkswagen Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as depositor (the Seller).

A-1 

The Issuer was created pursuant
to a Trust Agreement dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated
as of March 25, 2025, the Trust Agreement), between the Seller and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as
owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth below.
To the extent not otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in Appendix A to
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, among the Seller, the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee,
and VW Credit, Inc., as servicer, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

This Certificate is issued
under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the holder of this Certificate
by virtue of the acceptance hereof assents and by which such holder is bound. The provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement are
hereby incorporated by reference as though set forth in their entirety herein.

The holder of this Certificate
acknowledges and agrees that its rights to receive distributions in respect of this Certificate are subordinated to the rights of the
Noteholders as described in the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement, as applicable.

THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS,
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

By accepting this Certificate,
the Certificateholder hereby covenants and agrees that prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations
of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect of all securities issued by the Bankruptcy Remote Parties (i) such Person shall not authorize
such Bankruptcy Remote Party to commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization
or other relief with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or
hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
other similar official with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against
such Bankruptcy Remote Party, or to make a general assignment for the benefit of any party hereto or any other creditor of such Bankruptcy
Remote Party, and (ii) such Person shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any proceeding against such Bankruptcy
Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.

By accepting and holding
this Certificate (or any interest herein), the holder hereof (and if the holder is a plan, its fiduciary) shall be deemed to have represented
and warranted that it is not, and is not acquiring and will not hold this Certificate (or any interest herein) with the assets of, a
Benefit Plan or any governmental, non-U.S., or church plan or any other employee benefit plan or retirement arrangement that is subject
to Similar Law.

A-2 

By accepting and holding
this Certificate (or any interest therein), the holder hereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is a United States
person under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

It is the intention of the
parties to the Trust Agreement that, solely for United States income, franchise and value added tax purposes, (i) so long as there
is a single Certificateholder for United States federal income tax purposes, the Issuer will be disregarded as an entity separate from
such Certificateholder, and if there is more than one Certificateholder for United States federal income tax purposes, the Issuer will
be treated as a partnership and (ii) the Notes will be characterized as debt. By accepting this Certificate, the Certificateholder
agrees to take no action inconsistent with the foregoing intended tax treatment.

By accepting this Certificate,
the Certificateholder acknowledges that this Certificate represents the entire beneficial interest in the Issuer only and does not represent
interests in or obligations of the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or any of their
respective Affiliates and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as expressly set forth or contemplated
in this Certificate, the Trust Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

A-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer
has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.

Dated: 

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1

By: U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual
capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-4 

OWNER TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICATION

This is the Certificate referred to in the within-mentioned
Trust Agreement.

U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Authenticating
Agent

A-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm258669d17_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

EXECUTION VERSION

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT

VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer

and

VW CREDIT, INC.,

as Servicer

and

Clayton
Fixed Income Services LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

Dated as of March 25, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I. USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.01 Usage and Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Definitions 1

ARTICLE II. ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE 2

Section 2.01 Engagement; Acceptance 2

Section 2.02 Confirmation of Status 3

ARTICLE III. ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS 3

Section 3.01 Review Notices and Identification of Subject Receivables 3

Section 3.02 Review Materials 3

Section 3.03 Performance of Reviews 4

Section 3.04 Review Report 5

Section 3.05 Review Representatives 5

Section 3.06 Dispute Resolution 6

Section 3.07 Limitations on Review Obligations 6

ARTICLE IV. ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 6

Section 4.01 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Asset Representations Reviewer 6

Section 4.02 Fees and Expenses 7

ARTICLE V. OTHER MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 8

Section 5.01 Limitation on Liability 8

Section 5.02 Indemnification by Servicer 9

Section 5.03 Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer 9

Section 5.04 Inspections of Asset Representations Reviewer 9

Section 5.05 Delegation of Obligations 10

ARTICLE VI. TREATMENT OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 10

Section 6.01 Confidential Information 10

Section 6.02 Personally Identifiable Information 11

ARTICLE VII. REMOVAL, RESIGNATION 13

Section 7.01 Eligibility of the Asset Representations Reviewer 13

Section 7.02 Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer 13

Section 7.03 Successor Asset Representations Reviewer 14

i

Section 7.04 Merger, Consolidation or Succession 14

ARTICLE VIII. OTHER AGREEMENTS 15

Section 8.01 Independence of the Asset Representations Reviewer 15

Section 8.02 No Petition 15

Section 8.03 Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 16

Section 8.04 Termination of Agreement 16

ARTICLE IX. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 16

Section 9.01 Amendments 16

Section 9.02 Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries 17

Section 9.03 Notices 17

Section 9.04 Governing Law 17

Section 9.05 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 18

Section 9.06 No Waiver; Remedies 18

Section 9.07 Severability 18

Section 9.08 Headings 19

Section 9.09 Counterparts 19

Section 9.10 Electronic Signatures and Transmission 19

Schedule A Representations and Warranties, Review Materials
and Tests

ii

This ASSET REPRESENTATIONS
REVIEW AGREEMENT (this Agreement), entered into as of March 25, 2025, by and among VOLKSWAGEN AUTO LOAN ENHANCED
TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust, as issuer (the Issuer), VW CREDIT, INC., a Delaware corporation (VCI),
as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer) and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, as asset representations reviewer (the Asset Representations Reviewer).

WHEREAS, in connection with
a securitization transaction sponsored by VCI, VCI sold a pool of Receivables consisting of retail installment sale contracts to Volkswagen
Auto Lease/Loan Underwritten Funding, LLC (the Depositor), who sold them to the Issuer;

WHEREAS, the Issuer will
engage the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform reviews of certain Receivables for compliance with certain representations and warranties
made with respect thereto; and

WHEREAS, the Asset Representations
Reviewer desires to perform such reviews of Receivables in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Usage
and Definitions.

Except as otherwise defined
herein or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are defined in Appendix A to
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in
effect, the Sale and Servicing Agreement) among the Issuer, the Servicer, the Depositor, as seller, and the Indenture
Trustee, which also contains rules as to usage that are applicable herein.

Section 1.02 Definitions.

Whenever used in this Agreement,
the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings:

Annual Fee
has the meaning stated in Section 4.02(a).

Asset Review
means the completion by the Asset Representations Reviewer of the testing procedures for each Test and for each Subject Receivable as
further described in Section 3.03.

Confidential Information
has the meaning stated in Section 6.01(b).

Eligible Representations
shall mean those representations identified on Schedule A attached hereto.

Information Recipients
has the meaning stated in Section 6.01(a).

Indenture
means the Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2025, between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented
or modified from time to time.

Indenture Trustee
means Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee under the Indenture, and any successor thereto.

Issuer PII
has the meaning stated in Section 6.02(a).

PII
has the meaning stated in Section 6.02(a).

Review Fee
has the meaning stated in Section 4.02(b).

Review Materials
means the documents, data, and other information required for each Test listed under Documents in Schedule A.

Review Notice
means a notice delivered to the Asset Representations Reviewer by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.5(b) of
the Indenture.

Review Report
means, for an Asset Review, the report of the Asset Representations Reviewer prepared according to Section 3.04.

Test
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Test Complete
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(c).

Test Fail
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Test Incomplete
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Test Pass
has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

ARTICLE II.

ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE

Section 2.01 Engagement;
Acceptance.

The Issuer hereby engages
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC to act as the Asset Representations Reviewer for the Issuer. Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC accepts
the engagement and agrees to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer on the terms stated in this Agreement.

2

Section 2.02 Confirmation
of Status.

The parties confirm that
the Asset Representations Reviewer is not responsible for (a) reviewing the Receivables for compliance with the representations
and warranties under the Transaction Documents, except as described in this Agreement, or (b) determining whether noncompliance
with the representations or warranties constitutes a breach of the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE III.

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS

Section 3.01 Review
Notices and Identification of Subject Receivables.

(a) On
receipt of a Review Notice from the Indenture Trustee according to Section 7.5(b) of the Indenture, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will start an Asset Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated to start an Asset Review until a Review
Notice is received.

(b) Within
ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a Review Notice, the Servicer will deliver to the Asset Representations Reviewer, with a
copy to the Indenture Trustee, a list of the Subject Receivables. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated to start an
Asset Review until a Review Notice and the related list of Subject Receivables is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not
obligated to verify (i) whether the Indenture Trustee properly determined that a Review Notice was required or (ii) the accuracy
or completeness of the list of Subject Receivables provided by the Servicer.

Section 3.02 Review
Materials.

(a) Access
to Review Materials. The Servicer will render reasonable assistance to the Asset Representations Reviewer to facilitate the Asset
Review. The Servicer will give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the Review Materials for all of the Subject Receivables within
sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of the Review Notice in one or more of the following ways in the Servicers reasonable discretion:
(i) by electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the Asset Representations Reviewer has access, (ii) by providing
originals or photocopies at an office of the Servicer during normal business hours upon reasonable prior written notice in connection
with the Asset Review or (iii) in another manner agreed by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Servicer may
redact or remove Personally Identifiable Information from the Review Materials so long as all information in the Review Materials necessary
for the Asset Representations Reviewer to complete the Asset Review remains intact and unchanged. The Asset Representations Reviewer
shall be entitled to rely in good faith, without independent investigation or verification, that the Review Materials are accurate and
complete in all material respects, and not misleading in any material respect.

3

(b) Missing
or Insufficient Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer will review the Review Materials to determine if any Review
Materials are missing or insufficient for the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform any Test. If the Asset Representations Reviewer
reasonably determines any missing or insufficient Review Materials, the Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Servicer promptly,
and in any event no less than twenty (20) calendar days before completing the Asset Review. The Servicer will use reasonable efforts
to provide the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the missing Review Materials or other documents or information to correct the
insufficiency within fifteen (15) calendar days. If the missing Review Materials or other documents have not been provided by the Servicer
within sixty (60) calendar days, the related Review Report will report a Test Incomplete for each Test that requires use of the missing
or insufficient Review Materials.

Section 3.03 Performance
of Reviews.

(a) Test
Procedures. For an Asset Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will perform, for each Subject Receivable, the procedures listed
under Procedures to be Performed in Schedule A for each representation and warranty being tested (each, a Test)
using the Review Materials listed in Schedule A for each such Test. For each Test and Subject Receivable, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will determine in its reasonable judgment if the Test has been satisfied (a Test Pass), if the Test has
not been satisfied (a Test Fail) or if the Test could not be conducted as a result of missing or incomplete Review
Materials (a Test Incomplete). The Asset Representations Reviewer will use such determination for all Subject Receivables
that are subject to the same Test.

(b) Review
Period. The Asset Representations Reviewer will complete the Asset Review within sixty (60) calendar days of receiving access to
the Review Materials. However, if additional Review Materials are provided to the Asset Representations Reviewer as described in Section 3.02(b),
the Asset Review period will be extended for an additional thirty (30) calendar days.

(c) Completion
of Review for Certain Subject Receivables. Following the delivery of the list of the Subject Receivables and before the delivery
of the Review Report by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer may notify the Asset Representations Reviewer if a Subject Receivable
is paid in full by the Obligor or purchased from the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. On receipt of
such notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will immediately terminate all Tests of the related Subject Receivable, and the Asset
Review of such Subject Receivables will be considered complete (a Test Complete). In this case, the related Review
Report will indicate a Test Complete for such Subject Receivable and the related reason.

(d) Previously
Reviewed Receivables; Duplicative Tests. If any Subject Receivable was included in a prior Asset Review, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will not conduct additional Tests on such Subject Receivable, but will include the previously reported Test results in the Review
Report for the current Asset Review; provided, however, that, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall conduct additional Tests on such
Subject Receivable if the Asset Representations Reviewer determines, in its sole discretion, that the related prior Asset Review was
conducted in a manner that would not have ascertained compliance with a specific representation or warranty. If the same Test is required
for more than one representation and warranty, the Asset Representations Reviewer will only perform the Test once for each Subject Receivable,
but will report the results of the Test for each applicable representation and warranty on the Review Report.

4

(e) Termination
of Review. If an Asset Review is in process and the Notes will be paid in full on the next Payment Date, the Servicer will notify
the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Indenture Trustee no less than ten (10) calendar days before that Payment Date. On receipt
of such notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will terminate the Asset Review immediately and will not be obligated to deliver a
Review Report.

(f) Review
Systems; Personnel. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain business process management and/or other systems necessary to
ensure that it can perform each Test and, on execution of this Agreement, will load each Test into these systems. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will ensure that these systems allow for each Subject Receivable and the related Review Materials to be individually tracked
and stored as contemplated by this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain adequate staff that is properly trained
to conduct Asset Reviews as required by this Agreement.

Section 3.04 Review
Report.

Within ten (10) calendar
days after the end of the applicable Asset Review period under Section 3.03(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver
to the Issuer, the Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee a Review Report indicating for each Subject Receivable whether there was a Test
Pass, Test Incomplete, Test Fail or Test Complete for each related Test. For each Test Fail or Test Complete, the Review Report will
indicate the related reason. The Review Report will contain the findings and conclusions of the Asset Representations Reviewer with respect
to the Asset Review, and will be included in the Issuers Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which the Review Report
is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that the Review Report does not contain any PII. On reasonable request of
the Servicer, the Asset Representations Reviewer will provide additional details on the Test results.

Section 3.05 Review
Representatives.

(a) Servicer
Representative. The Servicer will designate one or more representatives who will be available to assist the Asset Representations
Reviewer in performing the Asset Review, including responding to requests and answering questions from the Asset Representations Reviewer
about access to Review Materials on the Servicers originations, receivables or other systems, obtaining missing or insufficient
Review Materials and/or providing clarification of any Review Materials or Tests.

(b) Asset
Representations Review Representative. The Asset Representations Reviewer will designate one or more representatives who will be
available to the Issuer and the Servicer during the performance of an Asset Review.

(c) Questions
About Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will make appropriate personnel available to respond in writing to written questions
or requests for clarification of any Review Report from the Servicer until the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the delivery
of the subject Review Report or (ii) the payment in full of the Notes. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated
to respond to questions or requests for clarification from Noteholders or any other Person and will direct such Persons to submit written
questions or requests to the Servicer.

5

Section 3.06 Dispute
Resolution.

If a Subject Receivable that
was the subject of an Asset Review becomes the subject of a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer will participate in the dispute resolution proceeding on request of a party to the proceeding.
The reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer for its participation in any dispute resolution proceeding
will be considered expenses of the Requesting Party for the dispute resolution and will be paid by a party to the dispute resolution
as determined by the mediator or arbitrator for the dispute resolution according to Section 9.24 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.
If not paid by a party to the dispute resolution, the expenses will be reimbursed according to Section 4.02(c) of this
Agreement.

Section 3.07 Limitations
on Review Obligations.

(a) Review
Process Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation (i) to determine whether a Delinquency Trigger
has occurred or whether the required percentage of Noteholders has voted to direct an Asset Review under the Indenture, (ii) to
determine which Receivables are subject to an Asset Review, (iii) to obtain or confirm the validity of the Review Materials, (iv) to
obtain missing or insufficient Review Materials except as specifically described herein, (v) to take any action or cause any other
party to take any action under any of the Transaction Documents to enforce any remedies for breaches of representations or warranties
about the Subject Receivables, (vi) to determine the reason for the delinquency of any Subject Receivable, the creditworthiness
of any Obligor, the overall quality of any Subject Receivable, or the compliance by the Servicer with its covenants with respect to the
servicing of any Subject Receivable, or (vii) to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed Test.

(b) Maintenance
of Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain copies of any Review Materials, Review Reports and other documents
relating to an Asset Review, including internal correspondence and work papers, until the earlier of (i) two (2) years after
the delivery of any Review Report or (ii) the repayment of the Notes in full.

ARTICLE IV.

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER

Section 4.01 Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Asset Representations Reviewer is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of State of Delaware. The Asset Representations Reviewer is qualified as a foreign limited liability company
in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties
or the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses
or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

6

(b) Power,
Authority and Enforceability. The Asset Representations Reviewer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Asset Representations Reviewer enforceable against the Asset Representations
Reviewer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors
rights or by general equitable principles.

(c) No
Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the performance of the Asset Representations
Reviewers obligations under this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, loan
agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in
the creation or imposition of a Lien on the properties or assets of the Asset Representations Reviewer under the terms of any indenture,
loan agreement, guarantee or similar document, (iii) violate the organizational documents of the Asset Representations Reviewer
or (iv) violate a law or, to the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal
or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations
Reviewer or its property that applies to the Asset Representations Reviewer, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) No
Proceedings. To the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened
in writing before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent
the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under,
or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

(e) Eligibility.
The Asset Representations Reviewer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 7.01, and will notify the Issuer and the
Servicer promptly if it no longer meets, or reasonably expects that it will no longer meet, the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01.

Section 4.02 Fees
and Expenses.

(a) Annual
Fee. The Servicer will pay the Asset Representations Reviewer, as compensation for its activities under this Agreement, an annual
fee of $5,000.00 (the Annual Fee). The Annual Fee will be payable by the Servicer on the Closing Date and on each
anniversary thereof until this Agreement is terminated; provided, that in the year in which all Notes are paid in full, the Annual Fee
shall be reduced pro rata by an amount equal to the days of the year in which the Notes are no longer outstanding.

7

(b) Review
Fee. Following the completion of an Asset Review and the delivery of the related Review Report pursuant to Section 3.04,
or the termination of an Asset Review according to Section 3.03(e), and the delivery to the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer
of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be entitled to a fee of $200.00 for each Subject Receivable for which
the Asset Review was started (the Review Fee). However, no Review Fee will be charged for any Subject Receivable
which was included in a prior Asset Review or for which no Tests were completed prior to the Asset Representations Reviewer being notified
of a termination of the Asset Review according to Section 3.03(e) or due to missing or insufficient Review Materials
under Section 3.02(b).

(c) Dispute
Resolution Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer participates in a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.06
of this Agreement and its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for participating in the proceeding are not paid by a party to the dispute
resolution within ninety (90) days after the end of the proceeding, the Servicer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for
such expenses upon receipt of a detailed invoice.

(d) Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Servicer shall reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred or
made by it, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Asset Representations Reviewers agents, counsel, accountants and experts.

(e) Payment
of Invoices. The Asset Representations Reviewer will issue invoices to the Servicer at the notices address set forth in Schedule
II to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Servicer shall pay all invoices submitted by the Asset Representations Reviewer within thirty
(30) days following the receipt by the Servicer. Any amounts payable by the Servicer to the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to
this Agreement that have been outstanding for at least thirty (30) days shall be paid on the Payment Date related to the Collection Period
in which such thirtieth (30th) day occurs, in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.4(b) of
the Indenture, as applicable.

ARTICLE V.

OTHER MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE ASSET REPRESENTATIONS
REVIEWER

Section 5.01 Limitation
on Liability.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will not be liable to any Person for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under this Agreement or for errors in judgment.
However, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith, breach of this Agreement or negligence
in performing its obligations under this Agreement. In no event will the Asset Representations Reviewer be liable for special, indirect
or consequential losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Asset Representations Reviewer has been advised of the likelihood
of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

8

Section 5.02 Indemnification
by Servicer.

The Servicer shall indemnify
the Asset Representations Reviewer against any and all loss, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred
by it in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the performance of its duties hereunder. The Asset Representations
Reviewer shall notify the Servicer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Asset Representations Reviewer
to so notify the Servicer shall not relieve the Servicer of its obligations hereunder. The Servicer shall defend any such claim, and
the Asset Representations Reviewer may have separate counsel and the Servicer shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. The Servicer
shall not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Asset Representations Reviewer arising
out of or resulting from the Asset Representations Reviewers own bad faith, negligence, willful misfeasance or breach of this
Agreement. The Servicers obligations under this Section 5.02 will survive the termination of this Agreement, the termination
of the Issuer and the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section 5.03 Indemnification
by Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will indemnify each of the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from
(a) the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence of the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this
Agreement and (b) the Asset Representations Reviewers breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement.
The Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Section 5.03 will survive the termination of this Agreement,
the termination of the Issuer and the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section 5.04 Inspections
of Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer agrees that, with reasonable advance notice not more than once during any year, it will permit authorized representatives of
the Issuer or the Servicer, during the Asset Representations Reviewer's normal business hours, to examine and review the books of account,
records, reports and other documents and materials of the Asset Representations Reviewer relating to (a) the performance of the
Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement, (b) payments of fees and expenses of the Asset Representations
Reviewer for its performance and (c) a claim made by the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement. In addition, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuer's or the Servicer's representatives to make copies and extracts of any of those documents
and to discuss them with the Asset Representations Reviewer's officers and employees. Each of the Issuer and the Servicer will, and will
cause its authorized representatives to, hold in confidence the information except if disclosure may be required by law or if the Issuer
or the Servicer reasonably determines that it is required to make the disclosure under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain all relevant books, records, reports and other documents and materials for a period
of at least two years after the termination of its obligations under this Agreement.

9

Section 5.05 Delegation
of Obligations.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer may not delegate or subcontract its obligations under this Agreement to any Person without the consent of the Issuer and the
Servicer.

ARTICLE VI.

TREATMENT OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

Section 6.01 Confidential
Information.

(a) Treatment.
The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to hold and treat Confidential Information given to it under this Agreement in confidence and
under the terms and conditions of this Article VI, and will implement and maintain safeguards to further assure the confidentiality
of the Confidential Information. The Confidential Information will not, without the prior consent of the Issuer and the Servicer, be
disclosed or used by the Asset Representations Reviewer, or its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or affiliates,
including legal counsel (collectively, the Information Recipients) other than for the purposes of performing Reviews
of Subject Receivables or performing its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that it will not,
and will cause its Affiliates to not (i) purchase or sell securities issued by VCI or its Affiliates or special purpose entities
on the basis of Confidential Information or (ii) use the Confidential Information for the preparation of research reports, newsletters
or other publications or similar communications.

(b) Definition.
Confidential Information means oral, written and electronic materials (irrespective of its source or form of communication)
furnished before, on or after the date of this Agreement to the Asset Representations Reviewer for the purposes contemplated by this
Agreement, including:

(i) lists
of Subject Receivables and any related Review Materials;

(ii) origination
and servicing guidelines, policies and procedures, and form contracts; and

(iii) notes,
analyses, compilations, studies or other documents or records prepared by the Servicer, which contain information supplied by or on behalf
of the Servicer or its representatives.

However, Confidential Information
will not include information that (A) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the
Information Recipients, (B) was available to, or becomes available to, the Information Recipients on a non-confidential basis from
a Person or entity other than the Issuer or the Servicer before its disclosure to the Information Recipients who, to the knowledge of
the Information Recipient is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Issuer or the Servicer and is not prohibited from transmitting
the information to the Information Recipients, (C) is independently developed by the Information Recipients without the use of the
Confidential Information, as shown by the Information Recipients' files and records or other evidence in the Information Recipients'
possession or (D) the Issuer or the Servicer provides permission to the applicable Information Recipients to release.

10

(c) Protection.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will use best efforts to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of Confidential
Information, including those measures that it takes to protect its own confidential information and not less than a reasonable standard
of care. The Asset Representations Reviewer acknowledges that Personally Identifiable Information is also subject to the additional requirements
in Section 6.02.

(d) Disclosure.
If the Asset Representations Reviewer is required by applicable law, regulation, rule or order issued by an administrative, governmental,
regulatory or judicial authority to disclose part of the Confidential Information, it may disclose the Confidential Information. However,
before a required disclosure, the Asset Representations Reviewer, if permitted by law, regulation, rule or order, will use its reasonable
efforts to provide the Issuer and the Servicer with notice of the requirement and will cooperate, at the Servicer's expense, in the Issuer's
and the Servicer's pursuit of a proper protective order or other relief for the disclosure of the Confidential Information. If the Issuer
or the Servicer is unable to obtain a protective order or other proper remedy by the date that the information is required to be disclosed,
the Asset Representations Reviewer will disclose only that part of the Confidential Information that it is advised by its legal counsel
it is legally required to disclose.

(e) Responsibility
for Information Recipients. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be responsible for a breach of this Section 6.01
by its Information Recipients.

(f) Violation.
The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that a violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the Issuer and the Servicer
and the Issuer and the Servicer may seek injunctive relief in addition to legal remedies. If an action is initiated by the Issuer or
the Servicer to enforce this Section 6.01, the prevailing party will be reimbursed for its fees and expenses, including reasonable
attorney's fees, incurred for the enforcement.

Section 6.02 Personally
Identifiable Information. (a) Definitions. Personally
Identifiable Information or PII means information in any format about an identifiable individual, including,
name, address, phone number, e-mail address, account number(s), identification number(s), vehicle identification number or VIN,
any other actual or assigned attribute associated with or identifiable to an individual and any information that when used separately
or in combination with other information could identify an individual. Issuer PII means PII furnished by the Issuer,
the Servicer or their Affiliates to the Asset Representations Reviewer and PII developed or otherwise collected or acquired by the Asset
Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

11

(b) Use
of Issuer PII. The Issuer does not grant the Asset Representations Reviewer any rights to Issuer PII except as provided in this Agreement.
The Asset Representations Reviewer will use Issuer PII only to perform its obligations under this Agreement or as specifically directed
in writing by the Issuer and will only reproduce Issuer PII to the extent necessary for these purposes. The Asset Representations Reviewer
must comply with all laws applicable to PII, Issuer PII and the Asset Representations Reviewer's business, including any legally
required codes of conduct, including those relating to privacy, security and data protection. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
protect and secure Issuer PII. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement privacy or data protection policies and procedures that
comply with applicable law and this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement and maintain reasonable and appropriate
practices, procedures and systems, including administrative, technical and physical safeguards to (i) protect the security, confidentiality
and integrity of Issuer PII, (ii) ensure against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Issuer PII, (iii) protect
against unauthorized access to or use of Issuer PII and (iv) otherwise comply with its obligations under this Agreement. These safeguards
include a written data security plan, employee training, information access controls, restricted disclosures, systems protections (e.g.,
intrusion protection, data storage protection and data transmission protection) and physical security measures.

(c) Additional
Limitations. In addition to the use and protection requirements described in Section 6.02(b), the Asset Representations
Reviewer's disclosure of Issuer PII is also subject to the following requirements:

(i) The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not disclose Issuer PII to its personnel or allow its personnel access to Issuer PII except (A) for
the Asset Representations Reviewer personnel who require Issuer PII to perform an Asset Review, (B) with the prior consent of the
Issuer or (C) as required by applicable law. When permitted, the disclosure of or access to Issuer PII will be limited to the specific
information necessary for the individual to complete the assigned task. The Asset Representations Reviewer will inform personnel with
access to Issuer PII of the confidentiality requirements in this Agreement and train its personnel with access to Issuer PII on the proper
use and protection of Issuer PII.

(ii) The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not sell, disclose, provide or exchange Issuer PII with or to any third party without the prior consent
of the Issuer.

(d) Notice
of Breach. The Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Issuer promptly in the event of an actual or reasonably suspected security
breach, unauthorized access, misappropriation or other compromise of the security, confidentiality or integrity of Issuer PII and, where
applicable, immediately take action to prevent any further breach.

(e) Return
or Disposal of Issuer PII. Except where return or disposal is prohibited by applicable law, promptly on the earlier of the completion
of the Asset Review or the request of the Issuer, all Issuer PII in any medium in the Asset Representations Reviewer's possession or
under its control will be (i) destroyed in a manner that prevents its recovery or restoration or (ii) if so directed by the
Issuer, returned to the Issuer without the Asset Representations Reviewer retaining any actual or recoverable copies, in both cases,
without charge to the Issuer. Where the Asset Representations Reviewer retains Issuer PII, the Asset Representations Reviewer will limit
the Asset Representations Reviewer's further use or disclosure of Issuer PII to that required by applicable law.

(f) Compliance;
Modification. The Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with and provide information to the Issuer regarding the Asset Representations
Reviewer's compliance with this Section 6.02. The Asset Representations Reviewer and the Issuer agree to modify this Section 6.02
as necessary for either party to comply with applicable law.

12

(g) Audit
of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuer and its authorized representatives to
audit the Asset Representations Reviewer's compliance with this Section 6.02 during the Asset Representations Reviewer's
normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, and not more than once during any year unless
circumstances necessitate additional audits. The Issuer agrees to make reasonable efforts to schedule any audit described in this Section 6.02
with the inspections described in Section 5.04. The Asset Representations Reviewer will also permit the Issuer and its
authorized representatives during normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to audit any service providers used by the Asset
Representations Reviewer to fulfill the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement.

(h) Affiliates
and Third Parties. If the Asset Representations Reviewer processes the PII of the Issuer's Affiliates or a third party when performing
an Asset Review, and if such Affiliate or third party is identified to the Asset Representations Reviewer, such Affiliate or third party
is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 6.02, and this Agreement is intended to benefit the Affiliate or third
party. The Affiliate or third party may enforce the PII related terms of this Section 6.02 against the Asset Representations
Reviewer as if each were a signatory to this Agreement.

ARTICLE VII.

REMOVAL, RESIGNATION

Section 7.01 Eligibility
of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer must be a Person who (a) is not Affiliated with VCI, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee
or any of their Affiliates and (b) was not, and is not Affiliated with a Person that was, engaged by the Sponsor or any underwriter
to perform any due diligence on the Receivables prior to the Closing Date.

Section 7.02 Resignation
and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) No
Resignation. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not resign as Asset Representations Reviewer except if (i) the Asset Representations
Reviewer no longer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 7.01 or (ii) the Asset Representations Reviewer has
determined that the performance of its duties under this Agreement is no longer permissible under applicable law and there is no reasonable
action that it could take to make the performance of its obligations under this Agreement permitted under applicable law. Upon the occurrence
of one of the foregoing events, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall promptly resign and the Servicer shall appoint a successor Asset
Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver a notice of its resignation to the Issuer and the Servicer,
and an Opinion of Counsel supporting its determination.

13

(b) Removal.
If any of the following events occur, the Servicer, by notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Issuer, may remove the Asset
Representations Reviewer and terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement:

(i) the
Asset Representations Reviewer no longer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 7.01;

(ii) the
Asset Representations Reviewer breaches of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations in this Agreement; or

(iii) a
Bankruptcy Event of the Asset Representations Reviewer occurs.

(c) Notice
of Resignation or Removal. The Issuer will notify the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee of any resignation or
removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(d) Continue
to Perform After Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective, and the
Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement, until a successor Asset Representations
Reviewer has accepted its engagement according to Section 7.03(b).

Section 7.03 Successor
Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) Engagement
of Successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Following the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer
will engage a successor Asset Representations Reviewer who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 7.01.

(b) Effectiveness
of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective until the successor
Asset Representations Reviewer has executed and delivered to the Issuer and the Servicer an agreement accepting its engagement and agreeing
to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement or entering into a new agreement with the Issuer
and the Servicer on substantially the same terms as this Agreement.

(c) Transition
and Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed, the Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with
the Issuer and the Servicer and take all actions reasonably requested to assist the Issuer in making an orderly transition of the Asset
Representations Reviewers rights and obligations under this Agreement to the successor Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset
Representations Reviewer will pay the reasonable expenses of transitioning the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under
this Agreement and preparing the successor Asset Representations Reviewer to take on the obligations on receipt of an invoice with reasonable
detail of the expenses from the Issuer and the Servicer or the successor Asset Representations Reviewer.

14

Section 7.04 Merger,
Consolidation or Succession.

Any Person (a) into
which the Asset Representations Reviewer is merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the
Asset Representations Reviewer is a party or (c) succeeding to the business of the Asset Representations Reviewer, if that Person
meets the eligibility requirements in Section 7.01, will be the successor to the Asset Representations Reviewer under this
Agreement. Such Person will execute and deliver to the Issuer and the Servicer an agreement to assume the Asset Representations Reviewers
obligations under this Agreement (unless the assumption happens by operation of law).

ARTICLE VIII.

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section 8.01 Independence
of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

The Asset Representations
Reviewer will be an independent contractor and will not be subject to the supervision of, or deemed to be the agent of, the Issuer, the
Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee for the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
None of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee shall be responsible for monitoring the performance of the Asset Representations
Reviewer or liable to any Person for the failure of the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform its obligations hereunder. Unless authorized
by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, respectively, the Asset Representations Reviewer will have no authority to
act for or represent the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee and will not be considered an agent of the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee or the Owner Trustee. Nothing in this Agreement will make the Asset Representations Reviewer and either of the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee or the Owner Trustee members of any partnership, joint venture or other separate entity or impose any liability as such on any
of them.

Section 8.02 No
Petition.

Each party hereto agrees
that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations of each Bankruptcy Remote Party in respect
of all securities issued by any Bankruptcy Remote Party (a) such party hereto shall not authorize any Bankruptcy Remote Party to
commence a voluntary winding-up or other voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with
respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect
in any jurisdiction or seeking the appointment of an administrator, a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official
with respect to such Bankruptcy Remote Party or any substantial part of its property or to consent to any such relief or to the appointment
of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against such Bankruptcy Remote Party,
or to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, any party hereto or any other creditor of such Bankruptcy
Remote Party, and (b) such party shall not commence or join with any other Person in commencing any proceeding against such Bankruptcy
Remote Party under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency law or statute now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction.
This Section 8.02 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

15

Section 8.03 Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee.

Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, (a) this Agreement has been executed and delivered by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not
in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred
and vested in it, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements
herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements
by U.S. Bank Trust National Association but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only, and is only binding on, the Issuer,
(c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on U.S. Bank Trust National Association, individually
or personally or as Owner Trustee, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein of the Issuer, all such liability,
if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (d) U.S.
Bank Trust National Association has made no investigation and shall make no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations
and warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (e) under no circumstances shall U.S. Bank Trust National Association be
personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness, indemnities or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the performance, breach
or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the
Issuer under this Agreement or under the Notes or any other related documents or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered
pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. For the purposes of this Agreement, in
the performance of any duty or obligation on behalf of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, protections,
indemnities, and immunities in the Trust Agreement.

Section 8.04 Termination
of Agreement.

This Agreement will terminate,
except for the obligations under Article VI and Sections 5.02 and 5.03, on the earlier of (a) the payment
in full of all outstanding Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and (b) the date the Issuer is terminated under
the Trust Agreement.

ARTICLE IX.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 9.01 Amendments.

(a) Any
term or provision of this Agreement may be amended by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer without the consent of the
Indenture Trustee, any Noteholder, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or any other Person subject to the satisfaction of one of the following
conditions:

(i) the Servicer delivers an Opinion of Counsel
to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially and adversely
affect the interests of the Noteholders;

16

(ii) the Servicer delivers an Officers
Certificate to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not materially
and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders; or

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied
with respect to such amendment and the Servicer notifies the Indenture Trustee in writing
that the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to such amendment;

provided,
that no amendment pursuant to this Section 9.01 shall be effective which affects the rights, protections or duties of the
Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee without the prior written consent of such Person.

(b) This
Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer with the consent of the Holders
of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Outstanding Notes for the purpose of adding any
provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights
of the Noteholders. It will not be necessary for the consent of Noteholders to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment
or consent, but it will be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any
other consents of Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Noteholders
will be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates pursuant
to the Note Depository Agreement.

Section 9.02 Assignment;
Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.

(a) Assignment.
Except as stated in Section 7.04, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset Representations Reviewer without the consent
of the Issuer and the Servicer.

(b) Benefit
of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted
successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, will be third-party beneficiaries
of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer. No other Person will have
any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section 9.03 Notices.

All demands, notices and
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified first-class United States mail,
postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, via electronic mail, or by facsimile and addressed in each case as specified
on Schedule II to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or at such other address as shall be designated in a written notice to the other
parties hereto.

17

Section 9.04 Governing
Law.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL, SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF
RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW, OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 9.05 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(a) submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any documents executed and delivered in connection
herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from
any thereof;

(b) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought and maintained in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court
and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(c) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address determined in accordance with Section 9.03;

(d) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right
to sue in any other jurisdiction; and to the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives all right of trial
by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim based on, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, any other
Transaction Document, or any matter arising hereunder or thereunder.

Section 9.06 No
Waiver; Remedies.

No partys failure
or delay in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power,
right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or
remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section 9.07 Severability.

If a part of this Agreement
is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity,
legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

18

Section 9.08 Headings.

The headings in this Agreement
are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 9.09 Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, including in counterparts executed via electronic signature, each of which so executed shall be deemed
to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
of this Agreement.

Section 9.10 Electronic
Signatures and Transmission.

(a) For purposes of
this Agreement, any reference to written or in writing means any form of written communication, including,
without limitation, electronic signatures, and any such written communication may be transmitted by electronic transmission. The term
electronic signature shall mean any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record
and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto agrees that
this Agreement, any addendum or amendment hereto or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the E-Sign Act,
UETA or any applicable state law. Each of the parties hereto are authorized to accept written instructions, directions, reports, notices
or other communications delivered by electronic transmission and shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that the
Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in fact,
a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of the party
purporting to send such electronic transmission; and none of the parties hereto shall have any liability for any losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information delivered to such party, including, without limitation, the risk of such party
acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

(b) Any requirement
in this Agreement that a document, including this Agreement, is to be signed or authenticated by manual signature or similar
language shall not be deemed to prohibit signature by facsimile or electronic signature and shall not be deemed to prohibit delivery
thereof by electronic transmission.

[Remainder of Page Left
Blank]

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer,
the Servicer, and the Asset Representations Reviewer have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto
duly authorized as of the date first above written.

Volkswagen
Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 2025-1, as Issuer

By: U.S. Bank Trust National Association, not in its individual capacity,
but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Jose A. Galarza

Name: Jose A. Galarza

Title: Vice President

VW
Credit, Inc., as Servicer

By: /s/ Jens Schreiber

Name: Jens Schreiber

Title: Treasurer

By: /s/ Garett Miles

Name: Garett Miles

Title: Assistant Treasurer

Clayton
Fixed Income Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer

By: /s/ Anthony Neske

Name: Anthony Neske

Title: Senior Vice President

2025-1 Asset Representations Review Agreement

Schedule A

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, REVIEW MATERIALS
AND TESTS

Characteristics of Receivables (a): Each Receivable:

(i) has been fully executed by the Obligor thereto;

(ii) has either (A) been originated by a Dealer located in the United
States to finance the sale by a Dealer of the related Financed Vehicle and has been purchased
by the Originator or (B) has been originated or acquired by the Originator;

(iii) as of the Closing Date is secured by a first priority perfected
security interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as secured party, or
all necessary actions have been commenced that would result in a first priority validly perfected
security interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Originator, as secured party;

(iv) contains provisions that permit the repossession and sale of the
Financed Vehicle upon a default under the Receivable by the Obligor;

(v) provided, at origination, for level monthly payments which fully amortize
the initial Outstanding Principal Balance over the original term; provided, that the
amount of the first and last payments may be different but in no event more than three times
the level monthly payment;

(vi) provides for interest at the Contract Rate specified in the Schedule
of Receivables; and

(vii) was denominated in Dollars.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) Title documents

(iii) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Fully Executed

(A) Confirm there is a signature of the appropriate Obligor on the contract.

(ii) Origination of Receivable

(A) Confirm the Receivable was either originated by a Dealer or Originator
or acquired by the Originator.

(B) If originated by a Dealer, confirm the Dealers address is in
the United States.

(C) If originated by a Dealer, confirm the Receivable was assigned by the
Dealer to the Originator.

(iii) First Priority Interest

(A) Confirm the contract contains language regarding the creation of an
enforceable security interest.

(B) Confirm that a Certificate of Title lists VCI, or an acceptable variation
of its name, as primary lienholder or that an application for a Certificate of Title has
been filed in the applicable state listing VCI, or an acceptable variation of its name, as
primary lienholder.

(C) Confirm that the Obligors name, or an acceptable variation thereof,
on the contract matches the name on the title documents.

(D) Confirm that the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on the contract
matches the VIN on the title documents.

(E) Confirm the Receivable is listed on the Schedule of Receivables.

(iv) Repossession

(A) Observe the contract and confirm it contains provisions that permit
the repossession and sale of the Financed Vehicle upon a default under the Receivable by
the Obligor.

(v) Payment Schedule Structure

(A) Confirm all payments are equivalent with the possible exception of the
first and last months payments which may differ by no more than three times the amount
of the level monthly payment.

(B) Confirm that the number of payments and the amount of payments, together
with any first and last months payment (if applicable), equals the Total of the Payments
as stated within the Truth and Lending section of the contract.

(vi) Contract Rate

(A) Review the system screenprint and confirm the Contract Rate matches
the Contract Rate in the Schedule of Receivables.

(vii) Dollar Denomination

(A) Review the retail contract and confirm the amount is denominated in
Dollars.

(viii) If steps (i) through (vii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Individual Characteristics (b): Each Receivable has
the following individual characteristics as of the Cut-Off Date:

(i) each Receivable is secured by a new or used automobile, minivan or
sport utility vehicle;

(ii) each Receivable has a Contract Rate of no less than 0.00%;

(iii) each Receivable had an original term to maturity of not more than
75 months and not less than 12 months and each Receivable has a remaining term to maturity,
as of the Cut-Off Date, of 3 months or more;

(iv) each Receivable has an Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Cut-Off
Date of greater than or equal to $1,000;

(v) no Receivable has a scheduled maturity date later than December 15,
2030;

(vi) no Receivable was more than 30 days past due as of the Cut-Off Date;

(vii) as of the Cut-Off Date, no Receivable was noted in the records of
VCI or the Servicer as being the subject of any pending bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding;

(viii) no Receivable is subject to a force-placed Insurance Policy on
the related Financed Vehicle; and

(ix) each Receivable is a Simple Interest Receivable.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Financed Vehicle

(A) Review the contract and confirm that the Financed Vehicle is new or
used automobile, minivan or sport utility vehicle.

(ii) Contract Rate

(A) Review the system screenprint and confirm the Contract Rate is not less
than the minimum allowable Contract Rate.

(iii) Original Term and Remaining Term

(A) Review the contract and confirm the number of payments (including first
and last payments) does not exceed the maximum allowable contract term of no more than 75 months.

(B) Review the contract and confirm the number of payments (including first
and last payments) is within the allowable limits of no less than 12 months.

(C) Review the system screenprint and confirm that, as of the Cut-Off Date,
the remaining term to maturity of the contract is no less than 3 months.

(iv) Remaining Balance

(A) Review the system screenprint and confirm that the unpaid balance as
of the Cut-Off Date is not less than the minimum allowable Outstanding Principal Balance.

(v) maturity date

(A) Review the system screenprint and confirm that the Receivable has a
maturity date on or before December 15, 2030.

(vi) Delinquency Status

(A) Review the system screenprint and confirm that the Receivable is not
more than 30 days past due as of the Cut-Off Date.

(vii) Bankruptcy and Insolvency

(A) Verify through the system screenprint that there is no evidence the
Receivable is the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

(viii) Force-Placed Insurance

(A) Verify through the system screenprint that the Receivable did not have
a force-placed Insurance Policy.

(ix) Interest Method

(A) Review the contract and confirm that the Receivable is amortized using
the Simple Interest Method.

(x) If steps (i) through (ix) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Compliance with Law
(c): The Receivable complied, at the time it was originated or made, in all material respects with all requirements of law in
effect at that time and applicable to such Receivable.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) List of approved contract forms

(iii) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Observe the contract and confirm the form number and revision date
are on the list of approved contract Forms.

(ii) Confirm the following disclosures are included in the contract:

(A) Prepayment disclosure

(B) Late payment policy including the late charge amount (or calculation)

(C) Security interest disclosure

(D) Contract reference

(E) Insurance requirements

(iii) Review the system screenprint and confirm that there is no evidence
of any judgment against VCI indicating that the contract was originated in violation of applicable
law.

(iv) Review the system screenprint and confirm that there is no evidence
of any Obligor(s) alleging non-compliance.

(v) If steps (i) through (iv) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Binding Obligation
(d): The Receivable constitutes the legal and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor, enforceable by the holder
thereof in all material respects, subject as to enforcement, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or other
laws and equitable principles, consumer protection laws and the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) List of approved forms

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm that the contract form number and revision date are on the
list of approved contract forms.

(ii) Confirm that the Obligor(s) signed the contract.

(iii) If steps (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Receivable in Force
(e): As of the Cut-Off Date, neither VCIs nor the Servicers records related to the Receivable indicate that the
Receivable has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded or that the related Financed Vehicle been released from the lien granted by
the Receivable in whole or in part.

Documents

(i) Title documents

(ii) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm there is no indication within the title documents or the system
screenprint that the Receivable was satisfied.

(ii) Confirm there is no indication within the title documents or the
system screenprint that the Receivable was subordinated or rescinded.

(iii) Confirm there is no indication within the title documents or the
system screenprint that the Financed Vehicle has been released from the Lien in whole or
in part.

(iv) Confirm that the Receivable is noted as active within
the system screenprint.

(v) If steps (i) through (iv) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

No Default (f):
Except for payment delinquencies continuing for a period of not more than 30 days as of the Cut-Off Date, the records of the Servicer
did not disclose that any default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable existed as of
the Cut-Off Date or that any continuing condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default, breach, violation
or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable as of the Cut-Off Date.

Documents

(i) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Observe the system screenprint and confirm there is no indication
of a default, breach, violation or event that would permit acceleration under the terms of
the Receivable except for payment default within 30 days of the Cut-Off Date.

(ii) Confirm that no continuing condition (other than payment delinquencies
continuing for a period of not more than 30 days as of the Cut-Off Date) would constitute
a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable.

(iii) If steps (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Insurance (g):
The Receivable requires the Obligor thereunder to insure the Financed Vehicle under a physical damage insurance policy.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm the contract contains language that requires the Obligor(s) to
obtain and maintain physical damage insurance covering the Financed Vehicle.

(ii) If step (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

No Government Obligor
(h): The Obligor on the Receivable is not listed on VCIs records as the United States of America or any state thereof
or any local government, or any agency, department, political subdivision or instrumentality of the United States of America or any state
thereof or any local government.

Documents

(i) Retail contract.

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm the Buyer section of the contract includes the name of a natural
person.

(ii) If the Buyer section of the contract does not report a natural persons
name, confirm internet search results show no indication the Buyer is the United States of
America or any State, or any agency, department or instrumentality of the United States of
America or any State.

(iii) If step (i) or (ii) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Assignment (i):
The terms of the Receivable do not prohibit the sale, transfer or assignment of such Receivable or the grant of a security interest in
such Receivable under the Indenture.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) List of approved forms

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm that the contract form number and revision date are included
on the list of approved forms.

(ii) Confirm that the contract does not contain language that limits the
sale or transfer of the Receivable.

(iii) If (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Good Title (j):
Immediately prior to the transfers and assignments herein contemplated, VCI had good and marketable title to each Receivable free and
clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens and any Lien that will be released prior to the assignment of such Receivable hereunder),
and, immediately upon the transfer thereof to the Purchaser, the Purchaser will have good and marketable title to each Receivable, free
and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

(ii) Title documents

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Review the contract and confirm that the Receivable has not been assigned
to any party other than VCI (or an acceptable variation of the name).

(ii) Observe the title documents and confirm they report VCI, or an acceptable
variation of its name, as the first lien holder.

(iii) If steps (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

Receivable Files (k):
There is only one original executed copy of each tangible record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable that
is tangible chattel paper and a single authoritative copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the
UCC) of each electronic record constituting or forming a part of such Receivable that is electronic chattel paper. The Receivable Files
that constitute or evidence such Receivable do not have any marks or notations indicating that the Receivable has been pledged, assigned
or otherwise conveyed by VCI to any Person other than to a party to the Transaction Documents.

Documents

(i) Retail contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Confirm there is a signature of the appropriate Obligor(s) on
the contract.

(ii) Confirm that the contract either constitutes an electronically authenticated
original, or is marked Authoritative Copy.

(iii) Confirm no marks or notations on contract indicating that it has
been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than a party to the Transaction
Documents.

(iv) If steps (i) through (iii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

No Defenses (l):
VCIs and the Servicers FiServ electronic data warehouse containing records related to the Receivables do not reflect any
right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, or of the same being asserted or threatened, in writing by any Obligor with respect
to any Receivable.

Documents

(i) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Review the system screenprint and confirm there is no evidence of
litigation or other attorney involvement.

(ii) Review the system screenprint and confirm that there is no evidence
that the Receivable is subject to recission, set-off, counterclaim or defense that would
cause the Receivable to become invalid.

If steps (i) and (ii) are
confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation

No Repossession (m):
As of the Cut-Off Date, no Financed Vehicle shall have been repossessed.

Documents

(i) System screenprint

Procedures to be Performed

(i) Review the system screenprint and confirm the Receivable was not held
in repossession as of the Cut-Off Date.

If step (i) is confirmed,
then Test Pass.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>