<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-018856.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-018856.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228172030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-018856
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ECD Automotive Design, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001922858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41497
		FILM NUMBER:		25692267

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 SHIPYARD DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-528-0767

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 SHIPYARD DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EF Hutton Acquisition Corp I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220411
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232206-8k_ecdauto.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000192285800019228582025-02-202025-02-200001922858us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-202025-02-200001922858ECDA:WarrantsMember2025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 20, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-41497 86-2559175

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

of incorporation) Identification No.)

4390 Industrial Lane

Kissimmee, Florida 34758

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (407) 483-4825

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock ECDA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants ECDAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On February 20, 2025, ECD Automotive Design Inc. (the
Company) entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement with an effective date of February 20, 2025 (the Loan
Agreement) by and among a commercial lender (Collateral Agent), Agile Lending, LLC (Leading Lender),
the Company and its subsidiary, Humble Imports Inc., pursuant to which the Company received a term loan from Leading Lender in the principal
amount of $1,575,000 (the Loan). The Loan shall be repaid through thirty (30) equal weekly payments of principal and interest
in the aggregate amount of $74,550 commencing March 3, 2025, and ending September 22, 2025 (the Term). During the Term,
the Loan shall accrue interest in the aggregate amount of $661,500. The principal amount of the Loan included an administrative agent
fee of $75,000 which was paid to the Collateral Agent out of the Loan. The Loan is secured by all properties, rights and assets of the
Company and Collateral Agent is designated as the collateral agent under the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants. Among other things, these covenants restrict the Companys ability to incur
certain types or amounts of indebtedness, incur liens on certain assets, dispose of material assets, enter into certain restrictive agreements,
or engage in certain transactions with affiliates. Additionally, the Loan Agreement contains customary default provisions including, but
not limited to, failure to pay interest or principal when due. To evidence the Loan, the Company executed a secured promissory note, the
form of which is an exhibit to the Loan Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Loan Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Loan Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

1

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits.

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report.

No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 Form
of Business Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 20, 2025, by and among Agile Capital Funding, LLC, Agile Lending, LLC,
ECD Automotive Design Inc. and Humble Imports Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 28, 2025 

ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC.

By: /s/ Benjamin Piggott

Name: Benjamin Piggott

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023220601ex10-1_ecdauto.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 20, 2025, BY AND AMONG AGILE CAPITAL FUNDING, LLC, AGILE LENDING, LLC, ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN INC. AND HUMBLE IMPORTS INC.
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

BUSINESS
LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

THIS
BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (as the same may be amended, restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time, this Agreement)
dated as of February 20, 2025(the Effective Date) among Commercial Lender No. 1 as collateral agent (in such
capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Collateral Agent), and Commercial Lender
No. 2, a Virginia limited liability company (Lead Lender) and each assignee that becomes a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 12.1 (each individually with the Lead Lender, a Lender and collectively with the Lead Lender, the Lenders),
and ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN,INC., A Domestic Delaware Corporation(Parent or Borrower) and its subsidiaries,
HUMBLE IMPORTS INC, A Domestic Florida Corporation, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, Guarantors),
and provides the terms on which the Lenders shall lend to Borrower and Borrower shall repay the Lenders the loans described herein.
The Collateral Agent, Lenders, and Borrower, each a Party and collectively the Parties, intending to be legally
bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS,
ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS

1.1 Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 to the extent defined therein. All other capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Code. Any accounting term used but not defined herein shall
be construed in accordance with GAAP and all calculations shall be made in accordance with GAAP. The term financial statements
shall include the accompanying notes and schedules thereto. Any section, subsection, schedule or exhibit references are to this Agreement
unless otherwise specified.

2. LOANS
AND TERMS OF PAYMENT

2.1 Promise
to Pay. Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay each Lender the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan advanced to
Borrower by such Lender and accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder as and when due in accordance with
this Agreement.

2.2
Term Loans.

(a) Availability.
The Lenders, relying upon each of the representations and warranties set out in this Agreement, as well as each of the representations,
covenants and warranties set out in the other Loan Documents, hereby severally and not jointly agree with the Borrower that, subject
to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall advance the Principal Loan to the Borrower on the Effective Date, but in
any event no later than two (2) Business Days after the date hereof, by wiring the funds to the Borrowers Account.

(b) Repayment.
Borrower agrees to pay all amounts owing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including any financing charge, specified fees, interest
and any other charges that may be assessed as provided in this Agreement or as documented in the Business Loan and Security Agreement
Supplement (the Supplement) or the Secured Promissory Note (as defined below). The Term Loan shall be repaid by
Borrower on the dates specified on Exhibit B-4 of this Agreement (each a Scheduled Repayment Date) by the amount
set out opposite each Scheduled Repayment Date (each a Scheduled Repayment Amount) and in accordance with the Term
Loan Amortization Schedule. If any payment on the Secured Promissory Note is due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall
be due on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be taken into account in calculating the amount of interest
payable under this Note. All unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loan is due and payable in full
on the Maturity Date. The Term Loan may only be prepaid in accordance with Sections 2.2(c) and 2.2(d). Once repaid, no portion of the
Term Loan may be reborrowed.

(c) Mandatory
Prepayments. If an event described in Section 7.2 hereof occurs, or the Term Loan is accelerated following the occurrence of an Event
of Default, Borrower shall immediately pay to Lenders, payable to each Lender in accordance with its respective Pro Rata Share, an amount
equal to the sum of: (i) all outstanding principal of the Term Loans plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the prepayment
date, (ii) the Prepayment Fee (as defined in Section 2.2(d) below), plus (iii) all other Obligations that are due and payable, including,
without limitation, interest at the Default Rate with respect to any past due amounts. 

(d) Permissive
Prepayments and Make-Whole Premium. Borrower shall have the right to make a full prepayment or partial prepayment of any or all
of the Obligations in accordance with the prepayment amendment in Exhibit E of this Agreement. The foregoing notwithstanding, upon
the prepayment of any principal amount, Borrower shall be obligated to pay a make-whole premium payment on account of such principal
so paid, which shall be equal to the aggregate and actual amount of interest (at the contract rate of interest) that would be paid
through the Maturity Date (Prepayment Fee).

2.3
Payment of Interest on the Term Loans.

(a) Interest
Rate. Borrower agrees to pay in full the interest as set forth in the Supplement found in Exhibit B-5 of this Agreement. Interest
shall accrue on the Term Loan commencing on, and including, the Effective Date of such Term Loan, and shall accrue on the principal amount
outstanding under the Term Loan through and including the day on which the Term Loan is paid in full.

(b) Default
Rate. Immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations shall accrue interest at a fixed
per annum rate equal to the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto plus five percentage points (5.00%) (the Default
Rate). Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative
to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of
Collateral Agent.

(c) 360
Day Year. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

(d) Debit
of Accounts; Payments. All payments on the Secured Promissory Note shall be made via automated clearing house transfers of immediately
available funds to be initiated by Lender in accordance with the authorization and direction of Borrower to Lead Lender provided in Exhibit
B-6 of this Agreement.

(e) Usury
Savings Clause. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are subject to the express condition that at no time shall Borrower be
required to pay interest on the principal balance of the Term Loan at a rate which could subject Lenders to either civil or criminal
liability as a result of being in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate. If by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower
is at any time required or obligated to pay interest on the principal balance due hereunder at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal
Rate, the Interest Rate or the Default Rate, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate
and all previous payments in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal and not
on account of the interest due hereunder. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to the Collateral Agent or Lenders for the use, forbearance,
or detention of the sums due under the Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated, and
spread throughout the full stated term of the Loan until payment in full.

2.4
Fees. Borrower shall pay to Collateral Agent and/or Lenders:

(a) Administrative
Agent Fee. The Administrative Agent Fee of SEVENTY FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($75,000.00, which shall be paid at closing out of proceeds
of the Term Loan for the account of Collateral Agent.

2.5 Secured
Promissory Notes. The Term Loan shall be evidenced by a Secured Promissory Note in the form attached as Exhibit D hereto (Secured
Promissory Note) and shall be repayable as set forth in this Agreement.

3. CONDITIONS
OF LOANS

3.1 Conditions
Precedent to Term Loan. Each Lenders obligation to make the Term Loan is subject to the condition precedent that each Lender
shall consent to or shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender, such documents, and completion of such other
matters, as each Lender may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

2

4. CREATION
OF SECURITY INTEREST

4.1 Grant
of Security Interest. Effective from and after the Effective Date of the Term Loan, Borrower hereby grants Collateral Agent, for
the ratable benefit of the Lenders, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest
in, and pledges to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. If Borrower shall acquire a commercial tort claim (as defined in the Code),
Borrower shall grant to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof,
all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent. If this
Agreement is terminated, Collateral Agents Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity
obligations) are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)
and at such time as the Lenders obligation to extend the Term Loan has terminated, Collateral Agent shall, at the sole cost and
expense of Borrower, release its Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower.

4.2 Authorization
to File Financing Statements. Borrower hereby authorizes Collateral Agent to file such financing statements and/or take any other
action required to perfect Collateral Agents security interests in the Collateral, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate
jurisdictions to perfect or protect Collateral Agents interest or rights in the Collateral and under the Loan Documents; provided,
however, Collateral Agent may only file such financing statements and/or take any other action required to perfect Collateral
Agents security interests in the Collateral, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.

4.3
Guaranty. (Intentionally omitted).

5. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Each
Borrower, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to Collateral Agent and the Lenders as follows:

5.1 Due
Organization, Authorization: Power and Authority. Each Borrower and each of its respective Subsidiaries is duly formed, validly existing
and in good standing as under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation and each Borrower and each of its respective
Subsidiaries is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its businesses
or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change.

5.2 Collateral.
Subject to the Permitted Liens and all Liens disclosed in Borrowers filing with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC
Reports), the Borrower and Subsidiaries have good title to, have rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral
upon which it purports to grant a Lien under the Loan Documents, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens, and neither
Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have any deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodity accounts or other investment accounts
other than the collateral accounts or other investment accounts (the Collateral Accounts), if any, described in
the SEC Reports or the Perfection Certificates delivered to Collateral Agent in connection herewith with respect to which Borrower has
given Collateral Agent notice and taken, subject to Section 6.6 (a), such actions as are necessary to give Collateral Agent a perfected
security interest therein. The security interests granted herein are and shall at all times continue to be a first priority perfected
security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens that are permitted by the terms of this Agreement to have priority
to Collateral Agents Lien. All Inventory and Equipment that is part of the Collateral is in all material respects of good and
marketable quality, free from material defects.

5.3 Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or on the Perfection Certificate, there are no actions, suits, investigations, or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of any of the Responsible Officers, threatened in writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
involving more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00).

3

5.4 No
Material Adverse Change; Financial Statements. All consolidated financial statements for Parent and its Subsidiaries, delivered to
Collateral Agent fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Parent and
its Subsidiaries, and the consolidated results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries. Since the date of the most recent financial
statements submitted to any Lender, there has not been a Material Adverse Change.

5.5
Solvency. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, when taken as a whole, is Solvent.

5.6 Regulatory
Compliance. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated any laws, ordinances or rules, the violation of which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all consents, approvals
and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all governmental authorities that are necessary
to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted.

5.7 Investments.
Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any stock, shares, partnership interests or other equity securities except for Permitted
Investments.

5.8 Tax
Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions. Each Borrower and each of its respective Subsidiaries has timely filed all required
tax returns and reports, and, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, each Borrower and each of its respective Subsidiaries, has timely
paid all foreign, federal, state, and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by such Borrower and such Subsidiaries,
in all jurisdictions in which such Borrower or any such Subsidiary is subject to taxes, including the United States, unless such taxes
are being contested in good faith.

5.9
Use of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Term Loan solely to fund its general business requirements in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement, and not for personal, family, household or agricultural purposes.

5.10
Full Disclosure. No written representation, warranty or other statement of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in any certificate
or written statement given to Collateral Agent or any Lender, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made,
taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given to Collateral Agent or any Lender, contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements
not misleading (it being recognized that projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions
are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from
the projected or forecasted results).

5.11 Shares.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Perfection Certificate, each Borrower has full power and authority to create a first lien
on its Shares and no disabilityor contractual obligation exists that would prohibit such Borrower from pledging the Shares pursuant to
this Agreement. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports to Borrowers knowledge, there are no subscriptions, warrants, rights of
first refusal or other restrictions on transfer relative to, or options exercisable with respect to the Shares. With respect to each
Subsidiary which is a corporation, the Shares have been and will be duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.
To Borrowers knowledge, the Shares are not the subject of any present or threatened suit, action, arbitration, administrative
or other proceeding, and Borrower knows of no reasonable grounds for the institution of any such proceedings.

5.12
Guarantee. (Intentionally omitted)

6. AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

Borrower
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do all of the following:

6.1 Government
Compliance. Maintain its and all its Subsidiaries legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of organization
and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change.

4

6.2
Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates, Notices.

(a) Deliver
to Collateral Agent and each Lender: (i) as soon as available, but no later than thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, a
company prepared consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement covering the consolidated operations
of Parent and its Subsidiaries for such month certified by a Responsible Officer and in a form reasonably acceptable to Collateral Agent;
(ii) prompt notice of any material amendments of or other changes to the capitalization table of Borrower (other than Parent) and to
the Operating Documents of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, together with any copies reflecting such amendments or changes with respect
thereto; (iii) as soon as available, but no later than thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, copies of the month end account
statements for each Collateral Account maintained by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, which statements may be provided to Collateral Agent
and each Lender by Borrower or directly from the applicable institution(s); (iv) prompt notice of any event that (A) could reasonably
be expected to materially and adversely affect the Borrowers Intellectual Property and (B) could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change; (v) written notice at least (10) days prior to Borrowers creation of a new Subsidiary in
accordance with the terms of Section 6.10; (vi) written notice at least (30) days prior to Borrowers (A) changing its jurisdiction
of organization, (B) changing its organizational structure or type, (C) changing its legal name, (D) changing any organizational number
(if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization, or (E) registering or filing any Intellectual Property; (vii) upon Borrower becoming
aware of the existence of any Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute
an Event of Default, prompt (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) written notice of such occurrence, which such notice shall
include a reasonably detailed description of such Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, or both,
would constitute an Event of Default; (viii) notice of any commercial tort claim of Borrower or any Guarantor and of the general details
thereof; (ix) other information as reasonably requested by Collateral Agent or any Lender. (x) written notice of any litigation or governmental
proceedings pending or threatened (in writing) against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which could reasonably be expected to result
in damages or costs to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00); and (xi) written notice
of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims regarding Inventory that involve more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00) individually
or in the aggregate in any calendar year.

(b) Keep
proper, complete and true books of record and account in accordance with GAAP and in all material respects. Borrower shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, allow, at the sole cost of Borrower, Collateral Agent or any Lender, during regular business hours
upon reasonable prior notice (provided that no notice shall be required when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to
visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine and make abstracts or copies from any of its books and records, and to conduct a
collateral audit and analysis of its operations and the Collateral. Such audits shall be conducted no more often than twice every year
unless (and more frequently if) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon request of any
Lender, Borrower agrees to permit such Lender to communicate with Borrowers accounting firm, in the presence of a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower or the Parent, with respect to the consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to this Section 6.2.

6.3
Inventory and Returns. Keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from material defects. Returns and allowances between
Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries, and their respective account debtors shall follow Borrowers, or such Subsidiarys,
customary practices as they exist at the Effective Date.

6.4 Taxes.
Timely file and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file, all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and require
each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state, and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by
Borrower or its Subsidiaries, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of Section 5.8 hereof.

6.5
Insurance. Keep Borrowers and its Subsidiaries business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard
for companies in Borrowers and its Subsidiaries industry and location and as Collateral Agent may reasonably request (including
customary lenders loss payable endorsements and naming the Collateral Agent as an additional insured), and give the Collateral
Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered or canceled (other
than cancellation for non-payment of premiums, for which ten (10) days prior written notice shall be required). At Collateral
Agents request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of policies and evidence of all premium payments to Collateral Agent.
If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.5 or to pay any amount or furnish any
required proof of payment to third persons, Collateral Agent and/or any Lender may make (but has no obligation to do so), at Borrowers
expense, all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 6.5, and take any action under the policies
Collateral Agent or such Lender deems prudent.

5

6.6 Operating
Accounts. Borrower shall provide Collateral Agent ten (10) days prior written notice before Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
establishes any Collateral Account.

6.7 Litigation
Cooperation. Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Collateral
Agent and the Lenders, without expense to Collateral Agent or the Lenders, Borrower and each of Borrowers officers, employees
and agents and Borrowers books and records, to the extent that Collateral Agent or any Lender may reasonably deem them necessary
to prosecute or defend any third party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect to any
Collateral or relating to Borrower.

6.8 Landlord
Waivers; Bailee Waivers. In the event that Borrower, after the Effective Date, intends to add any new offices or business locations,
including warehouses, or otherwise store any portion of the Collateral with, or deliver any portion of the Collateral to, a bailee, in
each case pursuant to Section 7.2, then Borrower must first receive the written consent of Collateral Agent to do so.

6.9 Further
Assurances. Execute any further instruments and take any and all further action as Collateral Agent or any Lender reasonably requests
to perfect or continue Collateral Agents Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement, including without
limitation, permit Collateral Agent or any Lender to discuss Borrowers financial condition with Borrowers accountants in
the presence of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Parent.

6.10 Lockbox
Agreement. Upon the request of any Lender at any time after the Effective Date and for any reason in Lenders sole and absolute
discretion, Borrower shall enter into a lockbox arrangement with Lenders with respect to Borrowers accounts receivable at a financial
institution of the Lenders choosing in their sole and absolute discretion and shall execute a deposit control agreement in favor
of Lenders in a form satisfactory to Lenders in their sole and absolute discretion.

7. NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

Borrower
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, do any of the following without the prior written consent of the Required
Lenders:

7.1 Dispositions.
Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, dispose of (collectively, Transfer), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to
Transfer, all or any part of its business or property (including Intellectual Property), except for Transfers (a) of (i) Inventory in
the ordinary course of business and (ii) Inventory, that, prior to the Effective Date, has been written down or written off, together
with related tangible assets and non-material Intellectual Property; (b) of worn out or obsolete Equipment; (c) in connection with Permitted
Liens, Permitted Investments and Permitted Licenses; (d) of any non-material Intellectual Property; (e) from (i) Borrower to another
Borrower Guarantor, (ii) a non-Borrower Subsidiary to a Borrower, and (iii) a non-Borrower Subsidiary to another non-Borrower ; or (f)
permitted under Section 7.3 below.

7.2 Changes
in Business or Management, Ownership. (a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses
engaged in by Borrower as of the Effective Date or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve or permit any of its Subsidiaries
to liquidate or dissolve; or (c) cause or permit, voluntarily or involuntarily, any Key Person to cease to be actively engaged in the
management of Borrower unless written notice thereof is provided to Collateral Agent and each Lender within ten (10) days of such Key
Person ceasing to be actively engaged in the management of Borrower,

7.3 Mergers
or Acquisitions. Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire,
or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock, shares or property of another Person.

6

7.4 Indebtedness.
Create, incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary to do so, other than Permitted Indebtedness. For
the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness includes Merchant Cash Advances.

7.5 Encumbrance.
Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of its property, or assign or convey any right to receive income, including the sale
of any Accounts, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, or permit any Collateral not to be subject to
the first priority security interest granted herein (except for Permitted Liens), or enter into any agreement, document, instrument or
other arrangement (except with or in favor of Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders) with any Person which directly
or indirectly prohibits or has the effect of prohibiting Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries, from assigning, mortgaging, pledging,
granting a security interest in or upon, or encumbering any of Borrowers or such Subsidiarys Intellectual Property.

7.6 Maintenance
of Collateral Accounts. Maintain any Collateral Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 6.6 hereof.

7.7 Restricted
Payments. Pay any dividends (other than dividends payable solely in capital stock) or make any distribution or payment in respect
of or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock.

7.8 Investments.
Directly or indirectly make any Investment other than Permitted Investments, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so.

7.9 Transactions
with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries (other than among Borrower), except for (a) transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrowers
or such Subsidiarys business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary than would
be obtained in an arms length transaction with a non- affiliated Person, and (b) Subordinated Debt or equity investments by Borrowers
investors in Borrower or its Subsidiaries.

7.10 Subordinated
Debt. Make or permit any payment on any Subordinated Debt or alternative financings that may encumber any assets of Borrower.

7.11 Material
Agreements. Other than in the ordinary course of business, (a) enter into a Material Agreement or (b) terminate or materially amend
a Material Agreement.

7.12
Financial Covenants. Waived.

8. EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Any
one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an Event of Default) under this Agreement:

8.1 Payment
Default. Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of principal or interest on the Term Loan on its due date, or (b) pay any other Obligation
within three (3) Business Days after such Obligation is due and payable (which three (3) Business Day grace period shall not apply to
payments due on the Maturity Date or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 9.1 (a) hereof.

8.2 Covenant
Default. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2 (Financial Statements, Reports,
Certificates), 6.4 (Taxes), 6.5 (Insurance), 6.6 (Operating Accounts), or Borrower violates any provision in Section 7.

8.3
Material Adverse Change. A Material Adverse Change has occurred.

8.4
Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business.

(a) (i)
The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of Borrower or any of its Material Subsidiaries or
of any entity under control of Borrower or its Material Subsidiaries on deposit with any institution at which Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries maintains a Collateral Account, or (ii) a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed against Borrower or any of its Material
Subsidiaries or their respective assets by any government agency, and the same under subclauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not, within ten
(10) days after the occurrence thereof, discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise); and

7

(b) (i)
any material portion of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries assets is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession
of a trustee or receiver, or (ii) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from conducting
any part of its business;

8.5 Insolvency.
(a) Parent is or becomes Insolvent; (b) Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are or become Insolvent; (c) Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (d) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any Material Subsidiary and
is not dismissed or stayed within forty five (45) days (but no Term Loan shall be extended while Parent or any Subsidiary is Insolvent
and/or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed);

8.6 Other
Agreements. There is a default in any agreement between Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and a third party or parties resulting
in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness.

8.7 Judgments.
(a) One or more judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00) (not covered by independent third party insurance) shall be rendered against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
and shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days after the entry thereof or (b) any judgments, orders
or decrees rendered against Borrower that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change;

8.8 Misrepresentations.
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Person acting for Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries makes any representation, warranty,
or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Collateral Agent and/or Lenders or
to induce Collateral Agent and/or the Lenders to enter this Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other
statement, when taken as a whole, is incorrect in any material respect when made.

8.9 Subordinated
Debt. A default or breach occurs under any agreement between Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any creditor of Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries that signed a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement with Collateral Agent or the Lenders,
or any creditor that has signed such an agreement with Collateral Agent or the Lenders breaches any terms of such agreement;

8.10
Guaranty. (Intentionally Omitted)

8.11 Lien
Priority. Any Lien created hereunder or by any other Loan Document shall at any time fail to constitute a valid and perfected first
Lien on any of the Collateral purported to be secured thereby, subject to no prior or equal Lien, other than Permitted Liens arising
as a matter of applicable law.

9. RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES

9.1 Rights
and Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder (unless all Events of Default have been cured by Borrower, as
applicable, or waived by Lenders in writing), Lenders may, at their option: (i) by written notice to Borrower, declare the entire unpaid
principal balance of the Term Loan, together with all accrued interest thereon and any other charges or fees payable hereunder, immediately
due and payable regardless of any prior forbearance and (ii) exercise any and all rights and remedies available to it hereunder, under
the Secured Promissory Note and/or under applicable law, including, without limitation, the right to collect from Borrower all sums due
under this Agreement and the Secured Promissory Note and repossess any Collateral at Borrowers expense. Borrower shall pay all
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of Lenders or Collateral Agent in connection with Lenders exercise of any
or all of its rights and remedies under this Agreement or the Secured Promissory Note, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
fees. Borrower waives the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter in effect.

8

9.2 Power
of Attorney. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Collateral Agent as its lawful attorney in fact, exercisable upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries name on any checks
or other forms of payment or security; (b) sign Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries name on any invoice or bill of lading
for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly with Account
Debtors, for amounts and on terms Collateral Agent determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrowers
insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral,
or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into
the name of Collateral Agent or a third party as the Code or any applicable law permits. Borrower hereby appoints Collateral Agent as
its lawful attorney in fact to sign Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries name on any documents necessary to perfect or
continue the perfection of Collateral Agents security interest in, and lien on, the Collateral regardless of whether an Event
of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied in full and Collateral
Agent and the Lenders are under no further obligation to extend the Term Loan hereunder. Collateral Agents foregoing appointment
as Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries attorney in fact, and all of Collateral Agents rights and powers, coupled
with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been fully repaid and performed
and Collateral Agents and the Lenders obligation to provide the Term Loan terminates.

9.3 No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. Failure by Collateral Agent or any Lender, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower
of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Collateral Agent or any
Lender thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed
by Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given.
The rights and remedies of Collateral Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Collateral
Agent and the Lenders have all rights and remedies provided under the Code, any applicable law, by law, or in equity. The exercise by
Collateral Agent or any Lender of one right or remedy is not an election,

and
Collateral Agents or any Lenders waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Collateral Agents or
any Lenders delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.

9.4 Demand
Waiver. Borrower waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment,
notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments,
chattel paper, and guarantees held by Collateral Agent or any Lender on which Borrower or any Subsidiary is liable.

9

10. NOTICES

All
notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication (collectively, Communication) by any party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered:
(a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified
mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by facsimile transmission or e-mail; (c)
one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand delivered
by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address
indicated below. Any of Collateral Agent, any Lender or Borrower may change its mailing address or facsimile number by giving the other
party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.

If
to Borrower:

ECD
Automotive Design, Inc.

4930
Industrial Lan

Kissimmee
FL 34758

E-Mail
Address:

If
to Collateral Agent:

E-Mail
Address:

11. CHOICE
OF LAW, VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER

11.1 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF BORROWER, COLLATERAL AGENT AND LENDERS UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM
OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, ANY OF THE INDEBTEDNESS SECURED HEREBY,
ANY DEALINGS AMONG BORROWER, COLLATERAL AGENT AND/OR LENDERS RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND/OR THE RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED AMONG BORROWER, COLLATERAL AGENT AND/OR LENDERS. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED
TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE. THIS WAIVER MAY NOT BE MODIFIED
EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING. THE WAIVER ALSO SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS
AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THIS TRANSACTION OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTION.
THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

11.2
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

(a) THIS
AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCLUDING THOSE LOAN DOCUMENTS THAT BY THEIR OWN TERMS ARE EXPRESSLY GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF ANOTHER
JURISDICTION) AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT
IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAWS OTHER THAN THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA), INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY
AND PERFORMANCE, REGARDLESS OF THE LOCATION OF THE COLLATERAL, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN VIRGINIA
SHALL GOVERN IN REGARD TO THE VALIDITY, PERFECTION OR EFFECT OF PERFECTION OF ANY LIEN OR IN REGARD TO PROCEDURAL MATTERS AFFECTING ENFORCEMENT
OF ANY LIENS IN COLLATERAL, SUCH LAWS OF SUCH OTHER JURISDICTIONS SHALL CONTINUE TO APPLY TO THAT EXTENT.

10

(b) Submission
to Jurisdiction. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to the Loan Documents shall be brought exclusively in the courts of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, including, without limitation the Circuit Court of Arlington County in the Commonwealth of Virginia and,
by execution and delivery of this Agreement, Borrower hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its Property, generally and unconditionally,
the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Collateral Agent and Lenders shall have the right to bring any
action or proceeding against Borrower (or any property of Borrower) in the court of any other jurisdiction Collateral Agent or Lenders
deem necessary or appropriate in order to realize on the Collateral or other security for the Obligations. The parties hereto hereby
irrevocably waive any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, that
any of them may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in such jurisdictions. Borrowers expressly acknowledge
that they are subject to personal jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of the Virginia, that they intentionally entered into the transactions
that are the subject of this Agreement with Collateral Agent and Lender, who are located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, and that Borrowers
waive any and all objections to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over them of the Commonwealth of Virginia and to venue in the Circuit
Court for Arlington County, Virginia and any other court within the Commonwealth of Virginia.

(c) Service
of Process. Borrower irrevocably waives personal service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and other documents and other
service of process of any kind and consents to such service in any suit, action or proceeding brought in the United States of America
with respect to or otherwise arising out of or in connection with any Loan Document by any means permitted by applicable requirements
of law, including by the mailing thereof (by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid) to the address of Borrower specified herein
(and shall be effective when such mailing shall be effective, as provided therein). Borrower agrees that a final judgment in any such
action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided
by law.

(d) Non-exclusive
Jurisdiction. Nothing contained in this Section 11.2 shall affect the right of Collateral Agent or Lenders to serve process in any
other manner permitted by applicable requirements of law or commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against Borrower in any other
jurisdiction.

12. GENERAL
PROVISIONS

12.1 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each Party. Borrower may not
transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Collateral Agents prior written consent
(which may be granted or withheld in Collateral Agents discretion, subject to Section 12.5). The Lenders have the right, without
the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, negotiate, or grant participation in (any such sale, transfer,
assignment, negotiation, or grant of a participation, a Lender Transfer) all or any part of, or any interest in,
any one or more Lenders obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In the event of such
a Lender Transfer, Collateral Agent or Lead Lender shall have the right to, at its respective sole and absolute option, (a) notify Borrower
of such Lender Transfer, in accordance with Section 10 hereof, and direct Borrower to make payments directly to such other Lender or
Lenders, indicating such other Lenders Pro Rata share of the Term Loan and the amount of the payment to be made in connection
therewith, or (b) continue to collect payments hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and pay such other Lenders their Pro Rata
Share of the Term Loan, in accordance with, and on such terms, as are determined by and between the Lenders.

12.2 Indemnification.
Borrower, jointly and severally, agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Collateral Agent and the Lenders and their respective members,
managers, directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Collateral
Agent or the Lenders (each, an Indemnified Person) harmless against: (a) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities
(collectively, Claims) asserted by any other party in connection with; related to; following; or arising from, out
of or under, the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (b) all losses or expenses incurred, or paid by Indemnified Person
in connection with; related to; following; or arising from, out of or under, the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents between
Collateral Agent, and/or the Lenders and Borrower (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses), except for Claims and/or
losses directly caused by such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct. Borrower hereby further, jointly and
severally, indemnifies, defends and holds each Indemnified Person harmless from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including
the fees and disbursements of counsel for such Indemnified Person) in connection with any investigative, response, remedial, administrative
or judicial matter or proceeding, whether or not such Indemnified Person shall be designated a party thereto and including any such proceeding
initiated by or on behalf of Borrower, and the reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental consultants and similar
technical personnel and any commission, fee or compensation claimed by any broker (other than any broker retained by Collateral Agent
or Lenders) asserting any right to payment for the transactions contemplated hereby which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against such Indemnified Person as a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the use or intended use
of the proceeds of the loan proceeds except for liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims,
costs, expenses and disbursements directly caused by such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct.

11

12.3 Severability
of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any
provision.

12.4 Correction
of Loan Documents. Collateral Agent may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
consistent with the agreement of the parties.

12.5 Amendments
in Writing; Integration. (a) No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, no approval or consent thereunder, and no consent to any departure by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, shall
in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders provided
that:

(i) no
such amendment, waiver or other modification that would have the effect of increasing or reducing a Lenders Term Loan Commitment
or Commitment Percentage shall be effective as to such Lender without such Lenders written consent;

(ii) no
such amendment, waiver or modification that would affect the rights and duties of Collateral Agent shall be effective without Collateral
Agents written consent or signature; and

(iii) no
such amendment, waiver or other modification shall, unless signed by all the Lenders directly affected thereby, (A) reduce the principal
of, rate of interest on or any fees with respect to the Term Loan or forgive any principal, interest (other than default interest) or
fees (other than late charges) with respect to the Term Loan (B) postpone the date fixed for, or waive, any payment of principal of the
Term Loan or of interest on the Term Loan (other than default interest) or any fees provided for hereunder (other than late charges or
for any termination of any commitment); (C) change the definition of the term Required Lenders or the percentage of Lenders
which shall be required for the Lenders to take any action hereunder; (D) release all or substantially all of any material portion of
the Collateral, authorize Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral,
except, in each case with respect to this clause (D), as otherwise may be expressly permitted under this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents (including in connection with any disposition permitted hereunder); (E) amend, waive or otherwise modify this Section 12.5
or the definitions of the terms used in this Section 12.5 insofar as the definitions affect the substance of this Section 12.5; (F) consent
to the assignment, delegation or other transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document or release Borrower
of its payment obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case with respect to this clause (F), pursuant to a merger or consolidation
permitted pursuant to this Agreement; (G) amend any of the provisions of Section 9.4 or amend any of the definitions of Pro Rata Share,
Term Loan Commitment, Commitment Percentage or that provide for the Lenders to receive their Pro Rata Shares of any fees, payments, setoffs
or proceeds of Collateral hereunder; (H) subordinate the Liens granted in favor of Collateral Agent securing the Obligations. It is hereby
understood and agreed that all Lenders shall be deemed directly affected by an amendment, waiver or other modification of the type described
in the preceding clauses (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) and (H) of the immediately preceding sentence.

(b) Other
than as expressly provided for in Section 12.5(a)(i) (iii), Collateral Agent may, if requested by the Required Lenders, from time to
time designate covenants in this Agreement less restrictive by notification to a representative of Borrower.

(c) This
Agreement and the Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements
with respect to such subject matter. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the
parties about the subject matter of this Agreement and the Loan Documents merge into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.

12

12.6 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. Any and all electronic
signatures, whether by scan, e-mail, PDF, Docusign or similar means, and any electronic delivery of signature pages hereto, shall be
treated as originals.

12.7 Survival.
All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force and effect until this Agreement has terminated
pursuant to its terms and all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations and any other obligations which, by their terms,
are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been satisfied. The obligation of Borrower in Section 12.2 to indemnify each Lender
and Collateral Agent, as well as the confidentiality provisions in Section 12.8 below, shall survive until the statute of limitations
with respect to such claim or cause of action shall have run.

12.8 Confidentiality.
In handling any confidential information of Borrower, the Lenders and Collateral Agent shall exercise the same degree of care that it
exercises for their own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, to the Lenders and Collateral Agents Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (b) to prospective transferees (other
than those identified in (a) above) or purchasers of any interest in the Term Loan (provided, however, the Lenders and Collateral Agent
shall obtain such prospective transferees or purchasers agreement to the terms of this provision or to similar confidentiality
terms); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Lenders or Collateral Agents regulators or
as otherwise required in connection with an examination or audit; (e) as Collateral Agent reasonably considers appropriate in exercising
remedies under the Loan Documents; and (f) to third party service providers of the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent so long as such service
providers have executed a confidentiality agreement or have agreed to similar confidentiality terms with the Lenders and Collateral Agent
with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein. Confidential information does not include information that either: (i) is
in the public domain or in the Lenders and/or Collateral Agents possession when disclosed to the Lenders and/or Collateral
Agent, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent at no fault of the Lenders or the
Collateral Agent; or (ii) is disclosed to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent by a third party, if the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent
does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. Collateral Agent and the Lenders may use confidential
information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for the development of client databases, reporting purposes, and market analysis.
The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The agreements provided under this
Section 12.8 supersede all prior agreements, understanding, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the
subject matter of this Section 12.8.

12.9 Right
of Set Off. Borrower hereby grants to Collateral Agent and to each Lender, a lien, security interest and right of set off as security
for all Obligations to Collateral Agent and each Lender hereunder, whether now existing or hereafter arising, upon and against all deposits,
credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Collateral Agent or the Lenders
or any entity under the control of Collateral Agent or the Lenders (including a Collateral Agent affiliate) or in transit to any of them.
At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without demand or notice, Collateral Agent or the
Lenders may set off the same or any part thereof and apply the same to any liability or obligation of Borrower even though unmatured
and regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE COLLATERAL AGENT TO EXERCISE
ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH
RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED BY BORROWER.

13

12.10 Borrower
Liability. Each Borrower may, acting singly, request credit extensions hereunder. Each Borrower hereby appoints the other as agent
for the other for all purposes hereunder, including with respect to requesting credit extensions hereunder. Each Borrower hereunder shall
be jointly and severally obligated to repay all credit extensions made hereunder, regardless of which Borrower actually receives said
credit extension, as if each Borrower hereunder directly received all credit extensions. Each Borrower waives (a) any suretyship defenses
available to it under the Code or any other applicable law, and (b) any right to require Collateral Agent or any Lender to: (i) proceed
against any Borrower or any other person; (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security; or (iii) pursue any other remedy. Collateral
Agent and/or any Lender may exercise or not exercise any right or remedy it has against any Borrower or any security it holds (including
the right to foreclose by judicial or non-judicial sale) without affecting any Borrowers liability. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement or other related document, each Borrower irrevocably waives all rights that it may have at law or in equity
(including, without limitation, any law subrogating Borrower to the rights of Collateral Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement)
to seek contribution, indemnification or any other form of reimbursement from any other Borrower, or any other Person now or hereafter
primarily or secondarily liable for any of the Obligations, for any payment made by Borrower with respect to the Obligations in connection
with this Agreement or otherwise and all rights that it might have to benefit from, or to participate in, any security for the Obligations
as a result of any payment made by Borrower with respect to the Obligations in connection with this Agreement or otherwise. Any agreement
providing for indemnification, reimbursement or any other arrangement prohibited under this Section 12.10 shall be null and void. If
any payment is made to a Borrower in contravention of this Section 12.10, such Borrower shall hold such payment in trust for Collateral
Agent and the Lenders and such payment shall be promptly delivered to Collateral Agent for application to the Obligations, whether matured
or unmatured.

12.11.
Change of Law. If, due to any change in applicable law or regulations, or the interpretation thereof by any court of law or other
governing body having jurisdiction subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the performance of any provision of this Agreement, the
loans granted pursuant hereto or any transaction contemplated hereby shall become unlawful, impracticable or impossible, the Lender shall
have the right, with the consent of the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, to amend the terms hereof in
good faith so as to comply with the then current laws, rules and/or regulations in the way that, in its reasonable judgment, best and
most closely reflects the terms and conditions negotiated herein and intended hereby.

13. DEFINITIONS

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

Accounts
shall mean accounts receivable of Parent.

Affiliate
of any Person is a Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is
under common control with the Person, and each of that Persons senior executive officers, directors, partners if such Person is
a partnership and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Persons managers and members.

Borrowing
Base shall mean, at any time, an amount equal to 100% of Eligible Accounts.

Business Day is any day that
is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Code
is the Uniform Commercial Code, as enacted in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Collateral is any and all properties,
rights and assets of Borrower described on Exhibit A.

Disbursement
Instruction Form is that certain form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2.

Drawdown
means any principal amount borrowed or to be borrowed (by any means) under the provisions hereof.

14

Eligible
Accounts shall mean Accounts that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below.
None of the following shall be Eligible Accounts: (A) Accounts (i) with respect to which the scheduled due date is more than 60 days
after the original invoice date, (ii) which are unpaid more than (A) 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor; (B) Accounts
which (i) do not arise from the sale of goods or performance of services in the ordinary course of business, (ii) are not evidenced by
an invoice or other documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, (iii) represent a progress billing, or (iv) are contingent
upon any Borrowers completion of any further performance; (C) Accounts which are owed by an account debtor which (i) does not
maintain its chief executive office in the United States or (ii) is not organized under any applicable law of the United States, any
State of the United States or the District of Columbia; (D) Accounts which are owed in any currency other than dollars; or (E) Accounts
which are owed by any Affiliate, employee, officer, director or stockholder of any Borrower or Guarantor.

Equipment
is all equipment as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without
limitation all machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing.

Existing
Indebtedness is the indebtedness of Borrower listed in the Perfection Certificate.

Indebtedness is (a)
indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety
bonds and letters of credit, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations,
(d) merchant cash advances; and (e) Contingent Obligations in respect of any of the foregoing.

Insolvency
Proceeding is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or
insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement,
or other relief.

Insolvent
means not Solvent.

Intellectual
Property shall mean, all (a) trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, service marks, service mark rights,
logos, trade dress, domain names, web sites, and all other indicia of origin or quality, and goodwill associated therewith and arising
therefrom; (b) patents and patent rights; and (c) works of authorship and copyrights therein, and all common law rights in all of the
foregoing, and registration and applications for all of the foregoing issued by or filed with the US Patent and Trademark Office, any
State of the US, the US Copyright Office, or any foreign equivalent thereof, and all of the foregoing (a)-(c) used in, at, or in connection
with and/or necessary for the (i) conduct of any Borrowers business and/or (ii) use and/or operation of the Collateral.

Inventory
is all inventory as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter
be made under the Code, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping
materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of any
Persons custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of
the above.

Investment
is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership interest or other securities), and any loan, advance
or capital contribution to any Person.

Key
Person is BENJAMIN PIGGOTT

Lien
is a mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest, or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred
or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property.

Loan
Documents are, collectively, this Agreement, each Secured Promissory Note, each Disbursement Instruction Form, any subordination
agreements, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower or any other Person, and any other present or future document, certificate,
form or agreement entered into by Borrower or any other Person for the benefit of the Lenders and Collateral Agent in connection with
this Agreement; all as amended, restated, or otherwise modified or supplemented from time to time.

Material
Adverse Change is (a) a material adverse change in the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Parent,
or Parent and each Subsidiary, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations,
or (c) a material adverse effect on the Collateral.

15

Material
Agreement is any license, agreement or other similar contractual arrangement with a Person or Governmental Authority whereby
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is reasonably likely to be required to transfer, either in-kind or in cash, prior to the Maturity
Date, assets or property valued (book or market) at more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00) in the aggregate or any license, agreement
or other similar contractual arrangement conveying rights in or to any material Intellectual Property.

Maturity
Date is 30 weeks from the Effective Date.

Maximum
Legal Rate shall mean the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted
for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the indebtedness evidenced by the Note and as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents,
under the laws of such state or states whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to govern the interest rate provisions
of the Term Loan.

Obligations
are all of Borrowers obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, the Prepayment Fee, the Final Fee, and other
amounts Borrower owes the Lenders now or later, in connection with, related to, following, or arising from, out of or under, this Agreement
or, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, and including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed)
and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent, and the performance of Borrowers
duties under the Loan Documents.

Operating
Documents are, for any Person, such Persons formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent
agency) of such Persons jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective
Date, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited
liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar
agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto.

Perfection
Certificate is that certain form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1.

Permitted
Indebtedness is: (a) Borrowers Indebtedness to the Lenders and Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents; (b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and disclosed on the Perfection Certificate(s); (c) unsecured Indebtedness
to trade creditors and Indebtedness in connection with credit cards incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) extensions, refinancings,
modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (a) through (c) above, provided that the principal
amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose materially more burdensome terms upon Borrower, or its
Subsidiary, as the case may be;

Permitted
Investments are: (a) investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization
of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in
the ordinary course of business; (b) Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions,
to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the ordinary course of business; provided that this paragraph (b) shall not apply
to Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary.

Permitted
Licenses are licenses of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public.

Permitted
Liens are Liens existing on the Effective Date and disclosed on the Perfection Certificates or arising under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents;

Person
is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization,
association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency.

Property
means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible.

16

Pro
Rata Share is, as of any date of determination, with respect to each Lender, a percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded
to the ninth decimal place) determined by dividing the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan held by such Lender by the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan.

Related
Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee,
representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor and other consultants and
agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates.

Required
Lenders means (i) for so long as the Lead Lender has not assigned or transferred any of its interests in the Term Loan, Lenders
holding one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan, or (ii) at any time from and after
the Lead Lender has assigned or transferred any interest in its Term Loan, Lenders holding at least fifty one percent (51%) of the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan.

Responsible
Officer is any of the President, Chief Executive Officer, or Chief Financial Officer of Borrower or Parent.

Secured
Promissory Note is defined in Section 2.5.

Shares
means one hundred percent (100.0%) of the stock, units or other evidence of equity ownership held by Borrower or its Subsidiaries of
any Subsidiary which is organized under the laws of the United States.

Solvent
is, with respect to any Person: the fair salable value of such Persons consolidated assets (including goodwill minus disposition
costs) exceeds the fair value of such Persons liabilities; such Person is not left with unreasonably small capital after the transactions
in this Agreement; and such Person is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature in the ordinary course (without taking
into account any forbearance and extensions related thereto).

Subordinated
Debt is indebtedness incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries subordinated to all Indebtedness of Borrower and/or its
Subsidiaries to the Lenders (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory
to Collateral Agent and the Lenders entered into between Collateral Agent, Borrower, and/or any of its Subsidiaries, and the other creditor),
on terms acceptable to Collateral Agent and the Lenders.

Subsidiary
is, with respect to any Person, any Person of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other equity interests (in the
case of Persons other than corporations) is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or through one or more intermediaries.
Unless otherwise specified, references herein to a Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of Borrower.

Term
Loan is defined in Section 2.2(a) hereof.

Term
Loan Amortization Schedule means the amortization schedule set forth in Exhibit B-4 of this Agreement.

[Balance
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized on the date
hereof.

Parties Name
of Signatory and Title Signature

Borrowers 

ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC. BENJAMIN PIGGOTT, CFO 

HUMBLE IMPORTS INC BENJAMIN PIGGOTT, CFO /s/ Benjamin Piggott

Guarantors 

ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC. BENJAMIN PIGGOTT, CFO /s/ Benjamin Piggott

HUMBLE IMPORTS INC BENJAMIN PIGGOTT, CFO /s/ Benjamin Piggott

LEAD LENDER: COLLATERAL AGENT:

By: By: 

Its: Member Its: Member

EXHIBITS
TO FOLLOW

18

APPENDIX
1

BORROWER
LIST

APPENDIX-1-1

EXHIBIT
A

DESCRIPTION
OF COLLATERAL

The
Collateral consists of all of Borrowers right, title and interest in and to the following property:

All
of Borrowers goods, Accounts, Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements,
franchise agreements, General Intangibles (including Intellectual Property), commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including
any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts and other Collateral Accounts, all certificates
of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other
investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and

All
of Borrowers books and records relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and
all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance
proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Collateral does not include (i) any license or contract, in each case if the granting of a Lien in such license or
contract is prohibited by or would constitute a default under the agreement governing such license or contract (but (A) only to the extent
such prohibition is enforceable under applicable law and (B) other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective
pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9- 408 or 9-409 (or any other Section) of Division 9 of the Code); provided that upon the termination, lapsing
or expiration of any such prohibition, such license or contract, as applicable, shall automatically be subject to the security interest
granted in favor of Collateral Agent hereunder and become part of the Collateral.

A-1

EXHIBIT
B-1

PERFECTION
CERTIFICATE

The
undersigned, the CFO of ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC., A Domestic Delaware Corporation (the Parent or
Borrower), hereby certifies, with reference to (i) the Business Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of
February 20, 2025(the Loan Agreement), among Commercial Lender No. 1 as collateral agent (in suchcapacity,
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Collateral Agent),and Commercial Lender No. 2, a Virginia
limited liability company (Lead Lender) and each assignee that becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant
to Section 12.1 (each individually with the Lead Lender, a Lender and collectively with the Lead Lender, the Lenders),
and the Borrower and its subsidiaries, HUMBLE IMPORTS INC, A Domestic Florida Corporation., individually and collectively, jointly
and severally, Guarantors) as Guarantors, to the Lender as follows:

1.
Name, Tax ID, and State of Formation. The exact legal name of the Borrower and Guarantors as that name appears on its Certificate
of Organization, as amended, is as follows:

Name Tax
ID State
of Formation

ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC. 

FLORIDA

2.
Other Identifying Factors.

(a) The
following is the mailing address of the Borrower and Guarantors:

4930 INDUSTRIAL
LN STE 107 

KISSIMMEE FL 34758-2068 

The following are any DBAs
of the Borrower: 

ECD AUTO DESIGN 

B-1-1

3.
Other Current Locations.

(a) The
following are all other locations in which the Borrower maintains any books or records relating to any of the Collateral consisting of
accounts, instruments, chattel paper, general intangibles or mobile goods:

(b)
The following are all other places of business of the Company in the United States of America:

(c) The
following are all other locations where any of the Collateral consisting of inventory or equipment is located:

(d) The
following are the names and addresses of all persons or entities other than the Company, such as lessees, consignees, warehousemen or
purchasers of chattel paper, which have possession or are intended to have possession of any of the Collateral consisting of instruments,
chattel paper, inventory or equipment:

4.
Prior Locations.

(a) Set
forth below is the information required by 4(a) or (b) with respect to each location or place of business previously maintained
by the Company at any time during the past five years in a state in which the Company has previously maintained a location or place of
business at any time during the past four months:

(b) Set
forth below is the information required by 4(c) or (d) with respect to each other location at which, or other person or entity
with which, any of the Collateral consisting of inventory or equipment has been previously held at any time during the past twelve months:

5. Fixtures.
Set forth below is the information required by UCC 9-502(b) or former UCC 9-402(5) of each state in which any of the
Collateral consisting of fixtures are or are to be located and the name and address of each real estate recording office where a mortgage
on the real estate on which such fixtures are or are to be located would be recorded.

6.
Intellectual Property.

Set
forth below is a complete list of all United States and foreign patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and service marks registered
or for which applications are pending in the name of the Company.

7. Securities;
Instruments. Set forth below is a complete list of all stocks, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities and investment property
owned by the Company (provide name of issuer, a description of security and value).

8. Motor
Vehicles. The following is a complete list of all motor vehicles owned by the Borrower (describe each vehicle by make, model
and year and indicate for each the state in which registered and the state in which based):

Vehicle State
of Registration State
in Which Based

Truck Plate VIN Make

B-1-2

9.
Permitted Indebtedness.

Lender Balance Total
Payment (indicate daily, 

weekly, or monthly)

Commercial Lender
No. 3 Approximately $18,863,213 Approximately $590,000 per
quarter

10.
Permitted Liens:

Commercial Lender
No. 3 has a secured perfected security interest against All personal property and assets of

ECD
Automotive Design, Inc. and its subsidiaries, wherever located and whether now or hereafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, of every kind, nature and description, whether tangible or intangible and all proceeds, including all cash proceeds and noncash
proceeds, and products of any and all of the foregoing.

All
Liens disclosed in Borrowers filing with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC Reports) 

11. Bank
Accounts. The following is a complete list of all bank accounts (including securities and commodities accounts) maintained by
the Borrower (provide name and address of depository bank, type of account and account number):

Deposit
Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts 

Grantor Name
and Address of Institution Purpose
of the Account Account
No.

ECD Auto
Design UK LTD HSBC UK 8 Canada Sq, London, Greater London,
E14 5HQ, UK UK Working
Cap *1839

Grantor Name
and Address of Institution Purpose
of the Account Account
No.

ECD Auto Design UK LTD HSBC UK 8 Canada Sq, London, Greater London, E14 5HQ, UK UK Working Cap *3327

ECD Auto Design UK LTD HSBC UK 8 Canada Sq, London, Greater London, E14 5HQ, UK UK Working Cap *6615

Humble Imports Inc. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo Commercial Banking 8505 IBM Drive, 1st Floor
| Charlotte, NC 28262 Savings *9241

Humble Imports Inc. Wells Fargo Coe Account Deposit *0650

Humble Imports Inc. Wells Fargo Parts Deposit *9533

Humble Imports Inc. Wells Fargo Client Deposit *3588

ECD Automotive Design, Inc. Wells Fargo Corporate Account *0394

ECD Automotive Design, Inc. First National Bank Savings *0578

B-1-3

12. Unusual
Transactions. All of the Collateral has been originated by the Borrower in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business
or consists of goods which have been acquired by the Borrower in the ordinary course from a person in the business of selling goods of
that kind.

13.
Litigation

a. The
following is a complete list of pending and threatened litigation or claims involving amounts claimed against the Borrower in an indefinite
amount or in excess of $50,000 in each case:

b. The
following are the only claims which the Borrower has against others (other than claims on accounts receivable), which the Borrower is
asserting or intends to assert, and in which the potential recovery exceeds $50,000:

14.
Insurance Broker. The following broker handles the Borrowers property insurance:

Broker Contact Telephone Email

Philadelphia Insurance Co. John Glomb 

The
Borrower agrees to advise you of any change or modification to any of the foregoing information or any supplemental information provided
on any continuation pages attached hereto, and, until such notice is received by you, you shall be entitled to rely upon such information
and presume it is correct. The Borrower acknowledges that your acceptance of this Perfection Certificate and any continuation pages does
not imply any commitment on your part to enter into a loan transaction with the Borrower, and that any such commitment may only be made
by an express written loan commitment, signed by one of your authorized officers.

Date: February 20, 2025 [ECD Automotive Design, Inc.]

By: /s/
BENJAMIN PIGGOTT

Name: BENJAMIN PIGGOTT

Its: CFO

Email: 

B-1-4

EXHIBIT B-2

DISBURSEMENT
INSTRUCTION FORM

The
proceeds of the first advance of Term Loan shall be disbursed as follows:

Term Loan $ 1,575,000.00 

Less: 

Administrative Agent Fee to be remitted to
Collateral Agent $ (75,000.00 )

TOTAL TERM LOAN NET PROCEEDS
TO BORROWER $ 1,500,000.00 

The
aggregate net proceeds of the Term Loan shall be transferred to the Designated Deposit Account as follows:

BORROWER: ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC. 

Account Name: 

Bank Name: Wells Fargo 

ABA Number: 

The
proceeds of the subsequent advances of the Term Loan shall be disbursed as follows:

B-2-1

EXHIBIT
B-3 

DRAWDOWN
SCHEDULE

Within
2 Business Days of Closing Date.

B-3-1

EXHIBIT
B-4

REPAYMENT
AND AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE

Projected Payment
Schedule 

Weekly
Payment 

2/28/2025 $ 74,550.00 

3/7/2025 $ 74,550.00 

3/14/2025 $ 74,550.00 

3/21/2025 $ 74,550.00 

3/28/2025 $ 74,550.00 

4/4/2025 $ 74,550.00 

4/11/2025 $ 74,550.00 

4/18/2025 $ 74,550.00 

4/25/2025 $ 74,550.00 

5/2/2025 $ 74,550.00 

5/9/2025 $ 74,550.00 

5/16/2025 $ 74,550.00 

5/23/2025 $ 74,550.00 

5/30/2025 $ 74,550.00 

6/6/2025 $ 74,550.00 

6/13/2025 $ 74,550.00 

6/20/2025 $ 74,550.00 

6/27/2025 $ 74,550.00 

7/4/2025 $ 74,550.00 

7/11/2025 $ 74,550.00 

7/18/2025 $ 74,550.00 

7/25/2025 $ 74,550.00 

8/1/2025 $ 74,550.00 

8/8/2025 $ 74,550.00 

8/15/2025 $ 74,550.00 

8/22/2025 $ 74,550.00 

8/29/2025 $ 74,550.00 

9/5/2025 $ 74,550.00 

9/12/2025 $ 74,550.00 

9/19/2025 $ 74,550.00 

Total $ 2,236,500.00 

B-4-1

EXHIBIT
B-5

Business
Loan and Security Agreement Supplement

Principal
Amount of Loan: 

$1,575,000.00,
including the Administrative Agent Fee, available as set forth in the Drawdown Schedule
found in Exhibit B-3 of this Agreement.

Total
Repayment Amount: 

The
total repayment amount of the Term Loan, including all interest, lender fees, and third-party
fees, assuming all payments are made on time is $2,236,500.00.

Payment
Schedule: 

As
set forth in the Repayment and Amortization Schedule found in Exhibit B-4 of the Agreement.

Payment
Multiplier: (The per dollar cost of the loan inclusive of all interest and fees). 1.42

Interest
Charge: 

$661,500.00,
assuming all payments are made on time.

Fees
payable to Collateral Agent and its designees: 

Administrative
Agent Fee: $75,000.00, payable at closing out of proceeds of the Term Loan

B-5-1

EXHIBIT
B-6

AUTHORIZATION
AGREEMENT

FOR AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE TRANSACTIONS

Borrower
hereby authorizes Lender and / or Servicer (or its representatives) to present automated clearing house (ACH) debits to the following
checking account in the amount of fees and other obligations due to Lender from Borrower under the terms of the Business Loan and Security
Agreement and Subordinated Secured Promissory Note entered into between Lender and Borrower, as it may be amended, supplemented or replaced
from time to time. In addition, if an Event of Default (as defined in the Business Loan and Security Agreement or Secured Promissory
Note) occurs, Borrower authorizes Lender and / or Servicer (or its representatives) to debit any and all accounts controlled by Borrower
or controlled by any entity with the same Federal Tax Identification Number as Borrower up to the total amount, including but not limited
to, all fees and charges, due to Lender from Borrower under the terms of the Agreement.

Transfer Funds To/From: Humble Imports, Inc.

Account Name: CORE

Bank Name: Wells Fargo

ABA Number: 

This
authorization is to remain in full force and effect until all obligations due to Borrower under the Agreement have been fulfilled.

Borrower Information: 

Borrowers Name: Humble Imports, Inc. d/b/a ECD Auto Design 

Signature of Authorized Representative: /s/ Benjamin
Piggott 

Print Name: Benjamin Piggott

Title: CFO

Borrowers Tax ID: 

Date: 02/20/2025

B-6-1

EXHIBIT
D

CONFESSED
JUDGMENT SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

IMPORTANT
NOTICE: THIS INSTRUMENT CONTAINS A CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE AS A
DEBTOR AND ALLOWS THE CREDITOR TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE.

CONFESSED
JUDGMENT SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

$1,575,000.00 Dated:
February 20, 2025

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC., A Domestic Delaware Corporation(Parent or Borrower)
and its subsidiaries, HUMBLE IMPORTS INC, A Domestic Florida Corporation, individually and collectively, jointly and severally,
Guarantors), HEREBY JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY PROMISE TO PAY to the order of Commercial Lender No. 2, or its designees
or assigns (Lead Lender) the principal amount of ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED SEVENTY FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,575,000.00)
or such lesser amount as shall equal the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan made to Borrower by Lender, plus interest on
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Term Loan, at the rates and in accordance with the terms of the Business Loan and Security
Agreement dated February 20, 2025, by and among Borrower, Lender, Collateral Agent, and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement). If not sooner
paid, the entire principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest hereunder shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date as set
forth in the Loan Agreement. Any capitalized term not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such term in the
Loan Agreement.

Principal,
interest and all other amounts due with respect to the Term Loan, are payable in lawful money of the United States of America to Lender
as set forth in the Loan Agreement and this Confessed Judgment Secured Promissory Note (this Note).

The
Loan Agreement, among other things, (a) provides for the making of a secured Term Loan by Lender to Borrower, and (b) contains provisions
for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events.

This
Note may not be prepaid except as set forth in Section 2.2 (c) and Section 2.2(d) of the Loan Agreement.

This
Note and the obligation of Borrower to repay the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, interest on the Term Loan and all other amounts
due Lender under the Loan Agreement is secured as provided under the Loan Agreement.

Presentment
for payment, demand, notice of protest and all other demands and notices of any kind in connection with the execution, delivery, performance
and enforcement of this Note are hereby waived.

Borrower
shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and costs, incurred by Lender
in the enforcement or attempt to enforce any of Borrowers obligations hereunder not performed when due.

This
Note shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

D-1

The
ownership of an interest in this Note shall be registered on a record of ownership maintained by Lender or its agent. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Note to the contrary, the right to the principal of, and stated interest on, this Note may be transferred only
if the transfer is registered on such record of ownership and the transferee is identified as the owner of an interest in the obligation.
Borrower shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of this Note (as recorded on such record of ownership) as the owner in fact
thereof for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in this Note on the part of
any other person or entity.

BORROWER
HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTELLIGENTLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THAT EACH PARTY TO THIS NOTE MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE UNDER
THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY AND ALL ISSUES ARISING DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS NOTE, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY OR RELATED
THERETO. IT IS INTENDED THAT THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY AND ALL DEFENSES, RIGHTS, CLAIMS AND/OR COUNTERCLAIMS IN ANY SUCH ACTION
OR PROCEEDING. BORROWER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT BORROWER IS SUBJECT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE VIRGINIA,
THAT BORROWER INTENTIONALLY ENTERED INTO THE TRANSACTIONS THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS CONFESSED JUDGMENT PROMISSORY NOTE WITH LENDER,
WHO IS LOCATED IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, AND THAT BORROWER WAIVES ANY AND ALL OBJECTIONS TO THE EXERCISE OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION
OVER BORROWER OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA AND TO VENUE IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR ARLINGTON COUNTY, VIRGINIA AND ANY OTHER COURT WITHIN
THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA.

BORROWER
UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS WAIVER IS A WAIVER OF A CONSTITUTIONAL SAFEGUARD, AND EACH PARTY INDIVIDUALLY BELIEVES THAT THERE ARE SUFFICIENT
ALTERNATE PROCEDURAL AND SUBSTANTIVE SAFEGUARDS, INCLUDING, A TRIAL BY AN IMPARTIAL JUDGE, THAT ADEQUATELY OFFSET THE WAIVER CONTAINED
HEREIN.

UPON
THE OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT HEREUNDER OR UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT, LEAD LENDER MAY CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST BORROWER AS PROVIDED
HEREIN. UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT HEREUNDER, BORROWER HEREBY AUTHORIZES AND EMPOWERS THE CLERK OF ANY COURT OF RECORD
IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE CLERK OF THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE COUNTY OF ARLINGTON TO ENTER JUDGMENT
BY CONFESSION AGAINST BORROWER IN FAVOR OF LEAD LENDER FOR THE FULL AMOUNT DUE AND PAYABLE UNDER THE FINANCING AGREEMENTS AND SECURED
BY THE LOAN AGREEMENT, TOGETHER WITH ALL PERMITTED FEES AND INTEREST, AS EVIDENCED BY AN AFFIDAVIT SIGNED BY AN OFFICER OF LEAD LENDER
SETTING FORTH THE AMOUNT THEN DUE, TOGETHER WITH REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COLLECTION COSTS INCURRED BY LEAD LENDER AS PROVIDED
IN THIS INSTRUMENT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXPRESSLY WAIVING SUMMONS AND OTHER PROCESS, AND DOES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE IMMEDIATE
EXECUTION OF SUCH JUDGMENT, EXPRESSLY WAIVING THE BENEFIT OF ALL EXEMPTION OR HOMESTEAD LAWS.

D-2

BORROWER
HEREBY CONSTITUTES AND APPOINTS JODIE E. BUCHMAN, ESQ., PIERCE C. MURPHY, ESQ., OF SILVERMAN, THOMPSON, SLUTKIN & WHITE, 400 E PRATT
ST, SUITE 900, BALTIMORE, MD, 21202, OR A DULY APPOINTED SUBSTITUTE AS THE TRUE AND LAWFUL ATTORNEY-IN-FACT FOR BORROWER AND ALL PERSONS
CLAIMING THROUGH OR UNDER BORROWER TO SIGN AN AGREEMENT FOR ENTERING IN ANY COMPETENT COURT AN AMICABLE ACTION IN EJECTMENT FOR POSSESSION
OF THE COLLATERAL AND/OR TO APPEAR IN THE CLERKS OFFICE OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF ARLINGTON COUNTY,VIRGINIA, OR ANY COURT OF COMPETENT
JURISDICTION AND TO CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST BORROWER, AND ALL PERSONS CLAIMING UNDER OR THROUGH BORROWER IN FAVOR OF LEAD LENDER, FOR
WHICH THIS NOTE, OR A COPY THEREOF VERIFIED BY AFFIDAVIT, SHALL BE SUFFICIENT WARRANT; WHEREUPON A WRIT OF POSSESSION MAY IMMEDIATELY
ISSUE FOR POSSESSION OF THE COLLATERAL, WITHOUT ANY PRIOR WRIT OR PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER AND WITHOUT ANY STAY OF EXECUTION. LEAD LENDER
MAY BRING AN AMICABLE ACTION IN EJECTMENT AND/OR CONFESS JUDGMENT THEREIN EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE INSTITUTION OF PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE
THIS NOTE AND/OR AFTER ENTRY OF JUDGMENT ON THIS NOTE, OR AFTER A PUBLIC SALE OF THE COLLATERAL IN WHICH LEAD LENDER IS THE SUCCESSFUL
BIDDER.

BORROWER
HEREBY RATIFIES AND CONFIRMS ALL THAT SAID ATTORNEY OR ATTORNEYS MAY DO PURSUANT TO THE FOREGOING POWER. PURSUANT TO SECTION 8.01-435
OF THE CODE OF VIRGINIA OF 1950, AS AMENDED, BORROWER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT A SUBSTITUTE ATTORNEY-IN-FACT UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH MAY
BE APPOINTED BY THE LEAD LENDER, OBLIGEE, OR PERSON OTHERWISE ENTITLED TO PAYMENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BY RECORDING AN INSTRUMENT NAMING
SUCH SUBSTITUTE ATTORNEY-IN- FACT IN THE CLERKS OFFICE WHERE JUDGMENT IS TO BE CONFESSED.

THE
FOREGOING AUTHORIZATION TO PURSUE PROCEEDINGS FOR CONFESSING JUDGMENT AND ANY AND ALL JUDGMENT ENFORCEMENT MEASURES THAT LEAD LENDER
OPTS TO PURSUE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO OBTAINING POSSESSION OF THE COLLATERAL, AND IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF LEAD LENDERS
REMEDIES FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS NOTE AND THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS OR FORECLOSURE SALE BY OR TO LEAD
LENDER.

[Signature
Page to Follow}

D-3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower caused this Note to be duly executed under seal by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized on the date
hereof.

BORROWER: BORROWER:

/s/ BENJAMIN
PIGOTT [SEAL] [SEAL]

By: BENJAMIN PIGOTT By: 

Date: 02/20/2025 Date:

STATE: 

COUNTY OF: 

I
hereby certify that on 02/20/2025, before me, the undersigned, Notary Public in and for the State of Florida, at large, personally
appeared BENJAMIN PIGOTT, individually and as the CFO of ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC., A Domestic Delaware Corporation
(Parent) and its subsidiaries, HUMBLE IMPORTS INC, A Domestic Florida Corporation known to me or
satisfactorily proven to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and acknowledged that he executed the
foregoing on behalf of himself individually, ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC., A Domestic Delaware Corporation (Parent) and
its subsidiaries, HUMBLE IMPORTS INC, A Domestic Florida Corporation for the purposes set forth therein.

(Seal)

Notary Public /s/ Jadine G. Rakowski 

My Commission Expires: Registration Number: 

D-4

EXHIBIT
E

PREPAYMENT
AMENDMENT

Upon
the prepayment of any principal amount, Borrower shall be obligated to pay a Prepayment Fee comprising make-whole premium payment on
account of such principal so paid, which Prepayment Fee shall be equal to the aggregate and actual amount of interest (at the contract
rate of interest) that would be paid through the Maturity Date

Calendar
Days After Funding Payoff

Amount 

30 Days $ 1,968,750.00 

45 Days $ 2,047,500.00 

60 Days $ 2,126,250.00 

E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ecda-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ecda-20250220_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ecda-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ecda-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41497

Entity Registrant Name ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001922858

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2559175

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4390 Industrial Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Kissimmee

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34758

City Area Code 407

Local Phone Number 483-4825

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ECDA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol ECDAW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ECDA_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ecdautodesign.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232206-8k_ecdauto.htm 
ecda-20250220.xsd 
ecda-20250220_def.xml 
ecda-20250220_lab.xml 
ecda-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-018856-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0232206-8k_ecdauto_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001922858 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

0001922858 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

0001922858 

ECDA:WarrantsMember 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001922858 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
ECD AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN, INC. 
DE 
001-41497 
86-2559175 
4390 Industrial Lane 
Kissimmee 
FL 
34758 
407 
483-4825 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ECDA 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
ECDAW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>