<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002474.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002474.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408161524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002036973
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42577
		FILM NUMBER:		25822123

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 EAST 64TH STREET, APT 5P
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412)-947-0514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 EAST 64TH STREET, APT 5P
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>uyscuti_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203697300020369732025-04-012025-04-010002036973UYSCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember2025-04-012025-04-010002036973UYSCU:OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember2025-04-012025-04-010002036973UYSCU:RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember2025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 1, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42577 00-0000000
N/A

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

39 E. Broadway, Suite 603

New York, New York10002

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(412)947-0514

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right UYSCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value UYSC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights
to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share UYSCR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information included in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K is incorporated into this Item by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On April 1, 2025, UY Scuti Acquisition Corp (the Company)
consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 5,000,000 units (the Public Units). Each Public Unit
consists of one ordinary share of the Company, par value US$0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-fifth
(1/5th) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (Right). The Public Units
were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of $50,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on April 1, 2025, the Company
consummated the private placement (Private Placement) with UY Scuti Investments Limited, its Sponsor, of 227,500 units (the
Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $2,275,000, including cancellation
of $275,000 of indebtedness. A total of $50,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a U.S.-based
trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public stockholders, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
acting as trustee.

In connection with the IPO, the underwriters were granted a 45-day option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase up to
750,000 additional units to cover over-allotments (the Option Units), if any. On April 7, 2025, the underwriters purchased
an additional 357,622 Option Units pursuant to a partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. The Option Units were sold at an offering
price of $10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of $3,576,220. In connection with this sale, the Sponsor
also purchased an additional 6,258 Private Units from the Company for a total purchase price of $62,580, which amount was funded through
the cancellation of indebtedness. The issuance of the additional Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As of April 7, 2025, an aggregate of $53,576,220 has been deposited
in the trust account established in connection with the IPO. 

An audited balance sheet as of April 1, 2025 reflecting the receipt
of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K.

1

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited balance sheet, dated April 1, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

Dated: April 8, 2025 By: /s/ Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. : 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of April 1, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of UY Scuti Acquisition Corp (the Company) as
of April 1, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement
presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 1, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statement has
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statement, the Company
has 12 months from this closing to consummate a business combination or it will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the
responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

WWC, P.C.

Certified Public Accountants

PCAOB ID No. 1171

We have served as the
Companys auditor since 2024.

San Mateo, CA

April 8, 2025

F-2 

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEET

AS OF APRIL 1, 2025

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 809,914 

Total Current Assets 809,914 

Cash held in Trust Account 50,000,000 

Total Assets $ 50,809,914 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Over-allotment option liability 56,407 

Due to Sponsor $ 62,584 

Total Liabilities $ 118,991 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 6) 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 490,000,000 shares authorized, 5,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption 45,315,315 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; nil shares issued and outstanding - 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 490,000,000 shares authorized; 1,865,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 5,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption)* 187 

Additional paid-in capital 7,351,312 

Accumulated deficit (1,975,891 )

Total Shareholders Equity 5,375,608 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Equity $ 50,809,914 

* Includes an aggregate of up to 187,500 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company), is a newly organized blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability on January 18, 2024. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business Combination). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

As of April 1, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activities through April 1, 2025 are related to the Companys formation and the proposed initial public offering (IPO), which are described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO and sale of Private Placement Units (as defined below). The Company has selected March 31 as its fiscal year end.

The
Companys ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through the IPO (see Note 3)
and a private placement to the initial shareholder (the Private Placement, see Note 4).

The Companys sponsor is UY Scuti Investments Limited (the Sponsor), a British Virgin Islands company. The Companys ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through the IPO (see Note 3) and a private placement to the initial shareholder (the Private Placement, see Note 4).

On April 1, 2025, the Company consummated its IPO of 5,000,000 units (Units). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share,
$0.0001 par value per share, and one right to receive of one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the completion of the initial Business
Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $50,000,000. On April 7,
2025, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in part to purchase an additional 357,622 Units of the Company (the Over-Allotment
Option) at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,576,220 which was deposited into the Trust Account.
In addition, on April 7, 2025, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of the remaining portion of the Over-Allotment Option
to purchase an additional 392,378 Units of the Company at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, for gross proceeds of $3,923,780, which
amount will be deposited into the Trust Account.

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) of 227,500 units (the Initial Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor, at a price of $10.00 per Initial Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $2,275,000, which is described in Note 4.

Transaction costs amounted to $3,019,884 consisting of $875,000 of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, $1,812,600 of the Representative Shares (discussed in the below), and $332,284 of other offering costs. At the IPO date, cash of $809,914 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment for working capital purposes.

In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued to the underwriter 200,000 ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative
Shares). The fair value of the Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
718, Compensation Stock Compensation (ASC 718) is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair
value of the Representative Shares as of the IPO date totalled approximately $1,812,600. On April 7, 2025, the underwriter exercised of
the Over-Allotment Option in part to purchase an additional 357,622 Units of the Company. In addition, on April 7, 2025, the underwriter
notified the Company of its exercise of the remaining portion of the Over-Allotment Option to purchase an additional 392,378 Units. In
connection with the issuance and sales of the additional Units, the Company will issue an additional 30,000 Representative Shares to the
underwriter.

The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a business combination successfully.

F-4 

The Companys initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding income taxes payable on the interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed that $10.00 per Unit sold in the IPO, including a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the Private placement units, will be held in a trust account (Trust Account) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company. The proceeds from this offering held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial business combination, or (2) to public shareholders, until the earliest of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any ordinary shares sold as part of the units in this offering (the public shares) properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide holders of the Companys ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not complete the initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering or up to 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering (an Extension Period) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Companys ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the Companys public shares if it has not consummated the business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law. Public shareholders who redeem their ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, with respect to such ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period). If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company for working capital purposes or to pay the Companys taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Companys rights, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period.

F-5 

The Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.

The Company has determined not to consummate any Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if the Company seeks to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the Trust Account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, its net tangible asset threshold may limit the Companys ability to consummate such initial Business Combination (as the Company may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and may force the Company to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. As a result, the Company may not be able to consummate such initial Business Combination and the Company may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.

The Company will have until April 1, 2026 (or up to October 1, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional three months) to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by April 1, 2026 (or up to October 1, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional three months), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of its remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to its public rights or private placement rights, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by April 1, 2026 (or up to October 1, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional three months).

Pursuant to the terms of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination, its sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit an aggregate of $500,000, or up to $575,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per public share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-month extension (or up to an aggregate of $1,000,000 (or $1,150,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per public share if the Company extends for the full six months). 

Going Concern Consideration

As
of April 1, 2025, the Company had $809,914 of cash and a working capital of $690,923. The Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In addition, the Company
initially has until April 1, 2026 to consummate the initial Business Combination (assume no extensions). If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the prescribed timeline, the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and
liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Notwithstanding
managements belief that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy, there is a possibility that
business combination might not happen within the 12-month period from the issuance date of these financial statements. In connection
with the Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not
occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going
concern. Therefore, management has determined that such additional condition raise substantial doubt about the Companys
ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the date the Company is
required to liquidate. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the Companys inability
to consummate the initial Business Combination to continue as a going concern.

F-6 

Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

Emerging Growth Company

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

In preparing these financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, the Companys management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has cash and cash equivalents of $809,914 as of April 1, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of April 1, 2025, the Company had $50,000,000 in cash held in the Trust Account.

F-7 

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, in Hong Kong, which, at times, may exceed the Deposit Protection Scheme (the DPS) HK$500,000 (approximately $64,000). The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

The Company applies ASC 820, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework. ASC 820 defines fair value as an exit price, which is the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the Companys principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy established in ASC 820 generally requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect the entitys own assumptions based on market data and the entitys judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are to be developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.

Level 1Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level 3Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities.

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Companys control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Companys ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Companys control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, we have the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value as a charge against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, as a charge against additional paid-in-capital over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial period that the Company has to complete a Business Combination.

F-8 

Over-allotment Option Liability

The Company accounts for over-allotment as either equity-classified or liability-classified instrument based on an assessment of the over-allotment options specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). The assessment considers whether the over-allotment option is a freestanding financial instrument pursuant to ASC 480, meets the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the over-allotment option meets all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the over-allotment option is indexed to the Companys own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time of over-allotment option issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the over-allotment option is outstanding.

For over-allotment option that meets all of the criteria for equity classification, it is recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For over-allotment option that does not meet all the criteria for equity classification, they are required to be recorded as a liability at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the over-allotment option are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations.

The Company accounted for the over-allotment option (see Note 6) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The over-allotment is not considered indexed to the Companys own ordinary shares, and as such, it does not meet the criteria for equity treatment and is recorded as a liability.

Income Taxes

The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

Related parties

Parties, which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of ASU 2023-07 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements disclosures.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statement.

F-9 

Note 3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

On April 1, 2025, the Company sold 5,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share and one right (the Public Right). Each Public Right entitles the holder to purchase one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the holder must hold Public Rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of their Public Rights upon closing of a Business Combination. The Company has also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any.

Note 4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 227,500 Initial Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Initial Private Placement Units for an aggregate purchase price of $2,275,000. Each Initial Private Placement Unit was identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO except for certain registration rights and transfer restrictions.

Note 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder Shares

Pursuant to the Securities Subscription Agreement dated August 2, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to purchase 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate price of $25,000. Due to the reduction in the offering size, the Company and sponsor subsequently entered into the Amended Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed surrender for no consideration and the Company subsequently cancelled, 287,500 ordinary shares previously issued the Sponsor, such that the Sponsor then held 1,437,500 founder shares purchased for an aggregate price of $25,000, with a par value $0.0001.

As of April 1, 2025, there were 1,437,500 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, among which, up to 187,500 ordinary shares are subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On April 7, 2025, the underwriter
exercised the Over-Allotment Option in part to purchase an additional 357,622 Units of the Company. On April 7, 2025, the underwriter
notified the Company of its exercise of the remaining portion of the Over-Allotment Option to purchase an additional 392,378 Units of
the Company at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit. Upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, all of the 187,500 Founder Shares
will no longer be subject to forfeiture.

The Founder shares except as described below, are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of Founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (a) the Founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (b) the Companys initial shareholders have entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder shares in connection with the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the timeframe set forth therein or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if the Company extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete the Companys initial business combination within the prescribed time frame) and (c) are entitled to certain registration rights to provide for the resale of such shares under the Securities Act. If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to its public shareholders for a vote, its founder has agreed (and its permitted transferees will agree) to vote their Founder shares, private shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of its initial Business Combination. The other members of the Companys management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by the Companys Sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after this offering.

F-10 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Companys Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

The initial shareholders have agreed, not to transfer, assign or sell 100% of its founder shares until the earlier of (x) six months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial business combination or (y) the date on which the closing price of the Companys ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share surrenders, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (z) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after its initial Business Combination which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

Due to Sponsor

As of April 1, 2025, the Sponsor has advanced the Company in the amount of $62,584, which is non-interest bearing and is due on demand.

Promissory Note Related Party

On June 20, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Public Offering (the Promissory Note). The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2024 or (ii) the date on which the Company closes the Proposed Public Offering. On January 27, 2025, the Promissory Note was amended and restated to be payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025, or (ii) the consummation of the offering. The balance of Promissory Note was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account on April 1, 2025

Related Party Loans

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it intends to repay such loaned amount at closing. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such working capital loans (Working Capital Loans) made by the Sponsor, the Companys officers and directors, or the Companys or their affiliates to the Company prior to or in connection with its initial Business Combination may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of its initial Business Combination. The units would be identical to the Placement Units. As of April 1, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the Related Party Loans. 

Administrative Support Services

Commencing on the effective date of the registration statement of the IPO, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of its initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.

F-11 

Note 6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units (and their underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company has granted Maxim, the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 1.75% of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or $875,000 (or $1,006,250 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Additionally, the Company will issue the underwriter 4% of the gross proceeds of this offering as underwriting discounts and commissions in the form the Companys shares at a price of $10.00 per ordinary share, which will equal 200,000 shares (or 230,000 shares if the underwriters overallotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of this offering. In connection with the IPO, the Company issued 200,000 Representative Shares to the underwriter.

Representative shares

The Company issued 200,000 Representative shares to the underwriter as part of the underwriting compensation. The representative shares have deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 51101(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 51101(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in this offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates.

Note 7 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preference Share The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preference share, $0.0001 par value, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. As of April 1, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Ordinary Share The Company is authorized to issue 490,000,000 shares of ordinary share with $0.0001 par value. As of April 1, 2025, there were 1,865,000 shares of ordinary share issued or outstanding, excluding 5,000,000 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.

Pursuant to the Securities Subscription Agreement dated August 2, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to purchase 1,725,000 founder shares for an aggregate price of $25,000. Due to the reduction in the offering size, the Company and sponsor subsequently entered into the Amended Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to surrender for no consideration and the Company subsequently cancelled, 287,500 ordinary shares previously issued the Sponsor, such that the Sponsor then held 1,437,500 founder shares purchased for an aggregate price of $25,000, with a par value $0.0001. Shares are presented on a retroactive basis.

F-12 

Rights

Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will receive one-fifth (1/5) of an ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. In the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-fifth (1/5) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination unless otherwise waived in the course of the business combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a business combination. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman Law. 

Note 8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The following table presents information about the Companys liabilities that are measured at fair value on April 1, 2025, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

As of

April 1

2025 Significant

Other

Unobservable

Inputs

(Level 3) 

Liabilities: 

Over-allotment option liabilities $ 56,407 $ 56,407 

The over-allotment option was accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities on the balance sheet. The over-allotment liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of over-allotment liabilities in the statement of operations.

The Company used a Black-Scholes model to value the over-allotment option. The Company allocated the proceeds received from the sale of Units and the sale of Private Placement Units, based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (temporary equity) based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. The over-allotment option liabilities were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary share based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The expected life of the option is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term.

The key inputs into the Black-Scholes model were as follows at initial measurement of the over-allotment option: 

Input As of

April 1,

2025 

Risk-free interest rate 4.96 %

Expected term (years) 0.12 

Expected volatility 4.07 %

Exercise price $ 10.0 

Fair value of over-allotment unit $ 0.07 

F-13 

The following table provides a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Companys Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

Over-

allotment

Liability 

Initial measurement of over-allotment option on April 1, 2025 $ 56,407 

Fair value as of April 1, 2025 $ 56,407 

Note 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when these financial statements were issued. Based on this review, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events that would require adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

On April 7, 2025, the underwriter exercised of the Over-Allotment Option in part to purchase an additional 357,622 Units of the Company
at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,576,220 which was deposited into the Trust Account. On April
7, 2025, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of the remaining portion of the Over-Allotment Option to purchase an additional
392,378 Units of the Company at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, which will result in gross proceeds of $3,923,780 and will be deposited
into the Trust Account.

F-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250401_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 

Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42577

Entity Registrant Name UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0002036973

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 39 E. Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 603

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10002

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 947-0514

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right

Trading Symbol UYSCU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol UYSC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights
to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share

Trading Symbol UYSCR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://UYSCU/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

uyscu-20250401.xsd 
uyscu-20250401_def.xml 
uyscu-20250401_lab.xml 
uyscu-20250401_pre.xml 
uyscuti_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002474-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>uyscuti_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002036973 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002036973 

UYSCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002036973 

UYSCU:OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0002036973 

UYSCU:RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002036973 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
001-42577 
00-0000000 
39 E. Broadway 
Suite 603 
New York 
NY 
10002 
(412) 
947-0514 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 
UYSCU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 
UYSC 
NASDAQ 
Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 
UYSCR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>