<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-017787.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-017787.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227073018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-017787
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250225
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-HOME FURNITURE, FURNISHINGS & EQUIPMENT STORES [5700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				455538095
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35629
		FILM NUMBER:		25673020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14000 CARLSON PARKWAY
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		763-852-2950

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14000 CARLSON PARKWAY
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55441
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000155280000015528002025-02-252025-02-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 25, 2025

TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)

Delaware 001-35629 45-5538095

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

14000 Carlson Parkway, Plymouth, Minnesota55441

(Address of principal executive offices,
including ZIP code)

(763) 852-2950

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value TTSH TheNasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On February 27, 2025, Tile Shop Holdings, Inc.
(the Company) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31,
2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, such exhibit and the information set forth therein and in this Item 2.02 have been furnished and shall not be
deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
or otherwise subject to liability under that section nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing regardless of
any general incorporation language.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers

On February 25, 2025, the Companys Board
of Directors approved increased annual base salaries for the Companys executive officers: (1) Cabell H. Lolmaugh, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, $437,000 (an increase from $424,360) and (2) Mark B. Davis, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Secretary
of the Company, $309,000 (an increase from $300,000), in each case effective as of January 1, 2025.

On February 25, 2025, the Company promoted Joseph
Kinder, the Companys current Senior Vice President of Supply Chain & Distribution, to the position of Senior Vice President,
Chief Merchant Officer. The Company and Mr. Kinder entered into an employment agreement, effective as of February 25, 2025 (the Employment
Agreement), which supersedes in its entirety the prior employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Kinder dated October 16,
2020. The Employment Agreement documents the agreed terms and conditions of Mr. Kinders employment with the Company as Senior Vice
President, Chief Merchant Officer, as well as his expected subsequent transition, effective January 1, 2027, to non-executive employment
as a Purchasing Advisor.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, effective
on February 25, 2025 and continuing through December 31, 2026 or such earlier date as his employment may be terminated for any reason
(such period, the Officer Employment Period), the Company will employ Mr. Kinder as Senior Vice President, Chief Merchant
Officer, which is an executive officer position, reporting directly to the President & CEO. During the Officer Employment Period,
Mr. Kinder will receive an annual salary of $350,000 (effective as of January 1, 2025), will be eligible to participate in the Company's
corporate bonus program, with a target bonus opportunity of 50% of his annual salary, will be eligible to participate in the Companys
annual equity award program for executive officers, with an aggregate target annual equity award value of $200,000, and will be eligible
for other employee benefits in accordance with the Companys policies and plans.

In the event of a change of control of the Company
during the Officer Employment Period, Mr. Kinder generally will be entitled to accelerated vesting and exercisability of unvested restricted
stock award grants if he is not offered employment or continued employment by the successor entity, or if his employment terminates within
one year after the change of control as a result of his termination by the successor entity without severance cause or his resignation
in a constructive termination. Further, if Mr. Kinders employment terminates during the Officer Employment Period due to a change
of control and as a result of his termination by the successor entity without severance cause or his resignation for good reason, he will
be entitled to receive cash severance in an amount equal to his then-current base salary for a six-month period, conditioned upon his
provision of an effective release of claims against the Company.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if Mr. Kinder
remains employed by the Company as Senior Vice President, Chief Merchant Officer through December 31, 2026, then effective on January
1, 2027 and continuing through December 31, 2028 or such earlier date as his employment may be terminated for any reason (such period,
the Transition Period), the Company will employ him as a Purchasing Advisor, which is a non-officer employee position. During
the Transition Period, Mr. Kinder will receive an annual salary of $75,000 and will be eligible for other employee benefits in accordance
with the Companys policies and plans.

In the event of a change of control of the Company
during the Transition Period, Mr. Kinder generally will be entitled to accelerated vesting and exercisability of unvested restricted stock
award grants if he is not offered employment or continued employment by the successor entity, or if his employment terminates within one
year after the change of control as a result of his termination by the successor entity without severance cause or his resignation in
a constructive termination.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if Mr. Kinders
employment as Purchasing Advisor is terminated by the Company for any reason prior to December 31, 2028, he will be entitled to (i) continued
payment of his then-current base salary through December 31, 2028, (ii) continued participation in the standard benefits program in effect
for employees, including medical, dental, life, and accident insurance, through December 31, 2028, and (iii) accelerated vesting of all
of his unvested restricted stock award grants, conditioned upon his provision of an effective release of claims against the Company.

The Employment Agreement includes customary confidentiality
and assignment of inventions provisions, as well as non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions during the term of Mr. Kinders
employment with the Company and for one year following termination of his employment with the Company for any reason.

The description of the Employment Agreement contained
herein does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Employment
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

10.1* Employment Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2025, by and between Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Joseph Kinder. 

99.1 Earnings Press Release of Tile Shop Holdings, Inc., dated February 27, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Management compensatory plan or arrangement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: February 27, 2025 By: /s/ Mark B. Davis

Name: Mark B. Davis

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Jamie Elliott 

Vice President of Talent Management 

The Tile Shop

Phone: [***] 

E-mail: [***] 

Joe Kinder

Watertown, MN

Dear Joe,

This letter documents the agreed terms and conditions
of your employment with Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. the Company) in a new position as Senior Vice President, Chief
Merchant Officer, and your expected subsequent transition to non-executive employment as a Purchasing Advisor, all as set forth in more
detail herein. This letter serves as an employment agreement and supersedes in its entirety your prior employment letter agreement dated
October 16, 2020.

1. Promotion to Senior Vice President, Chief Merchant
Officer.

(a) Position
and Term. Effective on February 25, 2025 and continuing through December 31,
2026 or such earlier date as your employment may be terminated for any reason (such period,
the Officer Employment Period), the Company will employ you as Senior
Vice President, Chief Merchant Officer. This position is an executive officer of the Company,
reporting directly to the President & CEO.

(b) Compensation
and Benefits. During the Officer Employment Period, your compensation and benefits as
Senior Vice President, Chief Merchant Officer shall include the following:

(i) You
will be paid an annual salary of $350,000, effective as of January 1, 2025.

(ii) You
will be eligible to participate in the Companys corporate bonus program. Under this
plan, you will have a target bonus opportunity of 50% of your annual salary based on the
Companys performance.

(iii) Subject
to approval by the Companys Board of Directors (or the applicable committee thereof),
you will participate in the Companys annual equity award program for executive officers,
with an aggregate target annual equity award value of $200,000.

(iv) You
will receive paid time off per the applicable Company Policy, along with 7 paid holidays.

(v) You
will be eligible to participate in the standard benefits program in effect for employees,
including medical, dental, life, and accident insurance.

(vi) You
will be eligible to participate in the Companys 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan.

(c) Change
of Control.

(i) In
the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Companys 2021 Omnibus Equity Compensation
Plan) of the Company, if (A) you are not offered employment or continued employment
by the Successor Entity upon consummation of such Change of Control during the Officer Employment
Period, or (B) prior to the first anniversary of such Change of Control and during the
Officer Employment Period, (I) you are discharged by the Successor Entity other than
for Severance Cause or (II) you resign from employment with the Successor Entity as
a result of a Constructive Termination (as defined below), all of your unvested restricted
stock award grants will vest and become exercisable immediately prior to such Change of Control
or cessation of employment, as applicable.

1

(ii) Constructive
Termination will occur if you resign from your employment with the Successor Entity
within 30 days following (A) a material reduction in your annual base salary or job
responsibility or (B) the relocation of your principal office location to a facility
or location located more than 50 miles from your principal office location on the date of
the Change of Control.

(iii) If
you are terminated during the Officer Employment Period without Severance Cause (as defined
below) or resign for Good Reason (as defined below) due to a Change of Control, you will
be entitled to receive an amount equal to your then-current base salary for a six-month period
commencing with the effective date of your termination of employment with the Company (the
Severance Period). The foregoing amount will be payable pro rata over
the Severance Period in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices; provided,
however, that the Company will not pay any severance payments unless and until (A) you
execute and deliver to the Company a general release of claims on a form provided by the
Company (Release) (B) such Release is executed and delivered to
the Company within 21 days after your termination date and (C) all time periods for
revoking the Release have lapsed. If you are terminated during the month of December of
any calendar year and are owed severance hereunder, no severance payments will be made prior
to January 1st of the next calendar year and any amount that would have otherwise been
payable to you in December of the preceding calendar year will be paid to you on the
first date in January on which you would otherwise be entitled to any payment. Following
your termination date, all benefits offered by the Company, including health insurance benefits,
will cease. From and after such date, you may elect to continue your participation in the
Companys health insurance benefits at your expense pursuant to COBRA by notifying
the Company in the time specified in the COBRA notice you will be provided and paying the
monthly premium yourself.

(iv) Severance
Cause means (A) willful misconduct in connection with your employment or
willful failure to perform your responsibilities in the best interests of the Company, as
determined by the CFO; (B) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere or guilty to, a
felony other than an act involving a traffic related infraction; (C) any act of fraud,
theft, embezzlement or other material dishonesty by you that harmed the Company; (D) intentional
violation of a federal or state law or regulation applicable to the Companys business,
which violation was or is reasonably likely to be injurious to the Company; or (E) repeated
failure to perform your duties and obligations of your position with the Company, which failure
is not cured within 30 days after notice of such failure from the CFO to you.

(v) Good
Reason for your resignation will exist if you resign from your employment with
the Company as a result of (A) a material reduction in your annual base salary or job
responsibility or (B) the relocation of your principal office location to a facility
or location located more than 50 miles from your current principal office location.

2. Transition
to Purchasing Advisor.

(a) Position
and Term. Provided that you remain employed by the Company as Senior Vice President,
Chief Merchant Officer through December 31, 2026, then effective on January 1,
2027 and continuing through December 31, 2028 or such earlier date as your employment
may be terminated for any reason (such period, the Transition Period),
the Company will employ you as a Purchasing Advisor. The Purchasing Advisor position is a
non-officer employee position, and you hereby agree that you will resign all officer positions
with the Company and its affiliates, effective as of the end of the Officer Employment Period.

(b) Compensation
and Benefits. During the Transition Period, your compensation and benefits as Purchasing
Advisor shall include the following:

(i) You
will be paid an annual salary of $75,000.

(ii) You
will receive paid time off per the applicable Company policy, along with 7 paid holidays.

(iii) You will be eligible to participate in the standard benefits program
in effect for employees, including medical, dental, life, and accident insurance.

(iv) You will be eligible to participate in the Companys 401(k) Retirement
Savings Plan.

2

(c) Severance Benefits. If your employment
as Purchasing Advisor is terminated by the Company for any reason prior to December 31,
2028, you will be entitled to (i) continued payment of your then-current base salary
through December 31, 2028, (ii) continued participation in the standard benefits
program in effect for employees, including medical, dental, life, and accident insurance,
through December 31, 2028, and (iii) accelerated vesting of all of your unvested
restricted stock award grants, effective immediately prior to such termination of employment;
in each case, provided that (x) you execute and deliver to the Company a Release, (y) such
Release is executed and delivered to the Company within 21 days after your termination date
and (z) all time periods for revoking the Release have lapsed.

(d) Change
of Control. In the event of a Change of Control of the Company, if (i) you are not
offered employment or continued employment by the Successor Entity upon consummation of such
Change of Control during the Transition Period, or (ii) prior to the first anniversary
of such Change of Control and during the Transition Period, (A) you are discharged by
the Successor Entity other than for Severance Cause or (B) you resign from employment
with the Successor Entity as a result of a Constructive Termination (as defined above), all
of your unvested restricted stock award grants will vest and become exercisable immediately
prior to such Change of Control or cessation of employment, as applicable.

3. Non-Competition
and Non-Disclosure Agreement. In consideration of your continued employment and the benefits
to be provided pursuant to this letter agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Nondisclosure,
Confidentiality, Assignment and Noncompetition Agreement between you and the Company dated
July 22, 2024, a conformed copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Non-Competition
and Non-Disclosure Agreement) shall remain in full force and effect during the
Officer Employment Period and the Transition Period and thereafter in accordance with its
terms. You further agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will
not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity directly
related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the
term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your
obligations to the Company.

4. Miscellaneous.

(a) Reservation of Rights. The Company reserves the right to
make changes to the corporate bonus plan and other benefits outlined in the letter above.

(b) At-Will
Employment. We recognize that you retain the option, as does the Company, of ending your
employment at any time, with or without notice and with or without cause. As such, your employment
with the Company is at-will.

(c) Tax
Matters. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this letter agreement
all federal, state, local and other taxes that are required to be withheld by applicable
laws or regulations. The parties intend that payments and benefits provided under this letter
agreement will either be exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A), and this letter agreement
shall be interpreted and administered in accordance with such intent. Each amount or installment
payment provided under this letter agreement shall be considered as a separate payment for
purposes of Section 409A, and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A, any payments or benefits
that otherwise would be provided during the six-month period immediately following your separation
from service (within the meaning of Section 409A) shall instead be paid on the
first business day after the date that is six months following your separation from service.
With respect to any amounts or benefits that are conditioned on the receipt and non-revocation
of a release of claims, if the period during which the Participant may execute such release
of claims commences in one calendar year and ends in a subsequent calendar year, such amounts
or benefits shall be paid or provided in the subsequent calendar year to the extent required
to comply with Section 409A.

(d) Assignment;
Successors and Assigns. This letter agreement may not be assigned by either party except
that the Company may assign this letter agreement to any affiliate or in connection with
the merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its business or assets.
This letter agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and other legal representatives and, to the extent that any
assignment hereof is permitted hereunder, their assignees.

3

(e) Amendments
and Waivers. No modification of or amendment to this letter agreement, nor any waiver
of any rights under this letter agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed
by the party to be charged. No delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right under
this letter agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right. A waiver or consent
given by the Company on any occasion if effective only in that instance and will not be construed
as a bar to or waiver of any right on any other occasion.

(f) Governing Law. This letter agreement
will be construed as a sealed instrument and will in all events and for all purposes be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to
any choice of law principle that would dictate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
Any action, suit or other legal proceeding that may be commenced to resolve any matter arising
under or relating to any provision of this letter agreement will be commenced only in a court
of the State of Delaware (or, if appropriate, a federal court located within the State of
Delaware), and you hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such court with respect to any action,
suit or proceeding commenced in such court by the Company.

If you agree with the terms and conditions of this letter agreement,
please sign below. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Jamie Elliott at [***].

Sincerely,

/s/ Cabell Lolmaugh 

Cabell Lolmaugh 

President & CEO 

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. 

I accept the offer of employment under the terms and conditions listed
above.

/s/
Joseph Kinder February 25, 2025

Joseph Kinder Date

4

EXHIBIT A

TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC.

NONDISCLOSURE, CONFIDENTIALITY, ASSIGNMENT
AND

NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT

THIS NONDISCLOSURE, CONFIDENTIALITY,
ASSIGNMENT AND NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 22nd day of July, 2024, by and
between Tile Shop Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively with any predecessors, successors, and assignees, the Company),
and Joe Kinder (I or me), to be effective on July 22, 2024. This Agreement replaces and
supersedes in its entirety that certain Nondisclosure, Confidentiality, Assignment and Noncompetition Agreement between me and the Company
that was previously entered into effective as of July 31, 2020. This Agreement hereby is incorporated into the employment agreement
between me and the Company as Exhibit A thereto, replacing and superseding in its entirety any such prior Exhibit A.

In consideration of my engagement
or continued engagement as an officer, employee, director, advisor, partner, independent contractor or consultant of the Company (an
Associate), and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I
hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

1.1. Affiliate
means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company.

1.2. Confidential
Information means any and all confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information concerning the business, business
relationships and financial affairs of the Company or its Affiliates whether or not in writing and whether or not labeled or identified
as confidential or proprietary. By way of illustration, but not limitation, Confidential Information includes (a) Inventions and
(b) research and development activities of the Company or its Affiliates, services and marketing plans, business plans, budgets
and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, customer and supplier information and information disclosed to the
Company or its Affiliates or to me by third parties of a proprietary or confidential nature or under an obligation of confidence. Confidential
Information is contained in various media, including without limitation, patent applications, computer programs in object and/or source
code, flow charts and other program documentation, manuals, plans, drawings, designs, technical specifications, laboratory notebooks,
supplier and customer lists, internal financial data and other documents and records of the Company or its Affiliates. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will be used in any way to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information
in accordance with the immunity provisions set forth in the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), meaning the
disclosure is (1) in confidence to a government official or attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
legal violation; or (2) under seal in connection with a lawsuit or other proceeding (including an anti-retaliation lawsuit) .

1.3. Inventions
means all ideas, concepts, discoveries, inventions, developments, improvements, formulations, products, processes, know-how, designs,
formulas, methods, developmental or experimental work, clinical data, original works of authorship, software programs, software and systems
documentation, trade secrets, technical data, or licenses to use (whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar
statutes), that are or were made, conceived, devised, invented, developed or reduced to practice or tangible medium by me, either alone
or jointly with others (a) during any period that I am an Associate of the Company, whether or not during normal working hours or
on the premises of the Company, that relate, directly or indirectly, to the business of the Company or its Affiliates, (b) at the
request of or for the benefit of the Company during any period prior to my engagement as an Associate of the Company that relate, directly
or indirectly, to the business of the Company or its Affiliates, or (c) that arise out of, or are incidental to, my engagement as
an Associate of the Company.

1.4. Prior
Inventions means any inventions made, conceived, devised, invented, developed or first reduced to practice by me, under my
direction or jointly with others prior to the date of this Agreement and that do not constitute Inventions within the meaning of Section 1.3
above. Prior Inventions also means an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information of the Company
was used and which was developed entirely on my own time, and (1) which does not relate (a) directly to the business of the
Company or (b) to the Companys actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (2) which does not result
from any work performed by the me for the Company.

1.5. Third
Party Information means any confidential or proprietary information received by the Company or its Affiliates from third parties.

2. CONFIDENTIALITY.

2.1. Recognition
of the Companys Rights. I understand that the Company continually obtains and develops valuable Confidential Information that
may or has become known to me in connection with my engagement as an Associate of the Company. I acknowledge that all Confidential Information
is and will remain the exclusive property of the Company or the third party providing such Confidential Information to myself, the Company,
or the Companys Affiliates.

2.2. Nondisclosure
of Confidential Information. I agree that during the term of my engagement as an Associate of the Company and thereafter, I
will hold in strictest confidence and will not disclose, use, lecture upon, publish or otherwise make available to any third party (other
than personnel of the Company or its Affiliates who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company), any
Confidential Information of the Company, except as such disclosure, use or publication may be required in connection with my work for
the Company, or as expressly authorized in writing by an executive officer of the Company. I agree that I will use such Confidential
Information only in the performance of my duties for the Company and in accordance with any Company policies with respect to the protection
of Confidential Information. I agree not to use such Confidential Information for my own benefit or for the benefit of any other person
or business entity.

2.3. Third
Party Information. In addition, I understand that the Company has received and in the future will receive Third Party Information
subject to a duty on the Companys part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited
purposes. During the term of my engagement as an Associate of the Company and thereafter, I will hold Third Party Information in
the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than personnel of the Company or its Affiliates who need to know such
information in connection with the performance of their duties for the Company) or use any Third Party Information, except as such disclosure
or use may be required in connection with the performance of my duties for the Company, or as expressly authorized in writing by an executive
officer of the Company.

2.4. Exceptions.
My obligations under Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof will not apply to the extent that certain Confidential Information (a) is or becomes
generally known within the Companys industry through no fault of mine; (b) was known to me at the time it was disclosed as
evidenced by my written records at the time of disclosure; (c) is lawfully and in good faith made available to me by a third party
who did not derive it from the Company or the Company s Affiliates and who imposes no obligation of confidence to me, the Company,
or the Companys Affiliates; or (d) is required to be disclosed by a governmental authority or by order of a court of competent
jurisdiction, provided that such disclosure is subject to all applicable governmental or judicial protection available for like material
and reasonable advance notice is given to the Company.

2.5. Protection
and Return of Confidential Information. I agree to exercise all reasonable precautions to protect the integrity and confidentiality
of Confidential Information in my possession and not to remove any materials containing Confidential Information from the premises of
the Company, except to the extent necessary in the performance of my duties for the Company or unless expressly authorized in writing
by an executive officer of the Company. Upon the termination of my engagement as an Associate of the Company, or at any time upon the
Companys request, I will return immediately to the Company any and all notes, memoranda, specifications, devices, formulas
and documents, together with copies thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Confidential Information of the Company
or Third Party Information then in my possession or under my control.

2.6 Protected
Activity. Nothing contained in this Agreement, or any other agreement, policy, practice, procedure, directive or instruction maintained
by the Company shall prohibit me from reporting possible violations of federal, state or local laws or regulations to any federal, state
or local governmental agency or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal, state
or local laws or regulations. I do not need prior authorization of any kind to make any such reports or disclosures to any governmental
agency and I am not required to notify the Company that I have made such reports or disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement limits
any right I may have to receive a whistleblower award or bounty for information provided to any governmental agency.

3. ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS.

3.1. Ownership
of Inventions. I acknowledge that all Inventions already existing at the date of this Agreement or that arise after the date of this
Agreement, belong to and are the absolute property of the Company and will not be used by me for any purpose other than carrying out
my duties as an Associate of the Company.

3.2. Assignment
of Inventions; Enforcement of Rights. Subject to Section 3.6, I hereby assign and agree to assign in the future to the
Company all of my right, title and interest to any and all Inventions and any and all related patent rights, copyrights and applications
and registrations therefore. I also agree to assign all my right, title and interest in and to any particular Inventions to a third party
as directed by the Company. During and after my engagement as an Associate of the Company, I will cooperate with the Company, at
the Companys expense, in obtaining proprietary protection for the Inventions and I will execute all documents that the Company
reasonably requests in order to perfect the Companys rights in the Inventions. I hereby appoint the Company my attorney to execute
and deliver any such documents on my behalf in the event I should fail or refuse to do so within a reasonable period following the Companys
request. I understand that, to the extent this Agreement is construed in accordance with the laws of any country or state that limits
the assignability to the Company of certain inventions, this Agreement will be interpreted not to apply to any such invention that a
court rules or the Company agrees is subject to such limitation.

3.3. Works
for Hire. I acknowledge that all original works of authorship made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my engagement
as an Associate of the Company or any prior engagement by the Company, that are protectable by copyright are intended to be works
made for hire, as that term is defined in Section 101 of the United States Copyright Act of 1976 (the Act),
and will be the property of the Company and the Company will be the sole author within the meaning of the Act. If the copyright to any
such copyrightable work is not the property of the Company by operation of law, I will, without further consideration, assign to
the Company all of my right, title and interest in such copyrightable work and will cooperate with the Company and its designees, at
the Companys expense, to secure, maintain and defend for the Companys benefit copyrights and any extensions and renewals
thereof on any and all such work. I hereby waive all claims to moral rights in any Inventions.

3.4. Records.
I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in any other form that may be
required by the Company) of all Inventions made by me during the period of my engagement as an Associate of the Company or any prior
engagement by the Company, which records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times.

3.5. Obligation
to Keep Company Informed. During the period of my engagement as an Associate of the Company, and for six months after termination
of my engagement as an Associate of the Company, I agree to promptly disclose to the Company fully and in writing all Inventions
authored, conceived or reduced to practice by me, either alone or jointly with others. In addition, I will promptly disclose to
the Company all patent applications filed by me or on my behalf within one year after termination of my engagement as an Associate of
the Company.

3.6. Prior
Inventions. I further represent that the attached Schedule A contains a complete list of all Prior Inventions. I agree to update
and/or amend Schedule A during my employment as may be necessary and to promptly notify the Company of the same. Such Prior Inventions
are considered to be my property or the property of third parties and are not assigned to the Company hereunder. If there is no such
Schedule A attached hereto, I represent that there are no such Prior Inventions. If I am claiming any Prior Inventions on Schedule
A, I agree that, if in the course of my engagement as an Associate of the Company or any prior engagement by the Company, I
incorporate any Prior Invention into a Company product, process or machine, the Company will automatically be granted and will have a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, perpetual, world-wide license (with rights to sublicense) to make, have made,
modify, use and sell such Prior Invention as part of, or in connection with, such product, process or machine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I
agree that I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Company Inventions without the Company
s prior written consent.

4. OTHER AGREEMENTS.

4.1. No
Conflicting Obligations. I hereby represent to the Company that, except as identified on Schedule B, I am not bound by any agreement
or any other previous or existing business relationship that conflicts with or prevents the full performance of my duties and obligations
to the Company (including my duties and obligations under this or any other agreement with the Company) during my engagement as an Associate
of the Company. I agree I will not enter into any agreement, either written or oral, that conflicts with this Agreement.

4.2. No
Improper Use of Information of Prior Employers or Others. I understand that the Company does not desire to acquire from me any trade
secrets, know-how or confidential business information I may have acquired from others. Therefore, I agree during my engagement
as an Associate of the Company, I will not improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former
or concurrent employer, or any other person or entity with whom I have an agreement or to whom I owe a duty to keep such information
in confidence. Those persons or entities with whom I have such agreements or to whom I owe such a duty are identified on Schedule B.

5. NON-COMPETITION.
I agree that while I am engaged as an Associate of the Company and for a period of one year after termination or cessation of such engagement
for any reason, I will not, without the Companys prior written consent, directly or indirectly, as a principal, employee,
consultant, partner, or stockholder of, or in any other capacity with, any business enterprise (other than in my capacity as a holder
of not more than 1% of the combined voting power of the outstanding stock of a publicly held company) (a) engage in direct or indirect
competition with the Company or its Affiliates, (b) conduct a business of the type or character engaged in by the Company or its
Affiliates at the time of termination or cessation of my engagement as an Associate of the Company, or (c) develop products or services
competitive with those of the Company or its Affiliates.

6. GENERAL
NON-SOLICITATION. I agree that while I am engaged as an Associate of the Company and for a period of one year after termination or cessation
of such engagement for any reason, I will not solicit, divert or take away, or attempt to divert or take away, the business or patronage
of any of the clients, customers or accounts, or prospective clients, customers or accounts, of the Company or its Affiliates that were
contacted, solicited or served by me while I was engaged as an Associate of the Company or any Affiliate.

7. NON-SOLICITATION
OF EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS. I agree that while I am engaged as an Associate of the Company and for a period of one year after termination
or cessation of such engagement for any reason, I will not directly or indirectly hire, recruit, or solicit any employee, independent
contractor or consultant of the Company or its Affiliates, or induce or attempt to induce any employee independent contractor or consultant
of the Company or its Affiliates to discontinue his or her relationship with the Company or its Affiliates.

8. NOTICE
OF SUBSEQUENT EMPLOYMENT OR ENGAGEMENT. I will, for a period of one year after the termination or cessation of my engagement as an Associate
of the Company, notify the Company of any change of address, and of any subsequent employment or engagement (stating the name and address
of the employer and the nature of the position) or any other business activity.

9. GENERAL.

9.1. Assignment;
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party except that the Company may assign this Agreement to any
Affiliate or in connection with the merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its business or assets. This Agreement
will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and other legal representatives
and, to the extent that any assignment hereof is permitted hereunder, their assignees.

9.2. Entire
Agreement. The obligations pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement will apply to any time during which I was previously engaged
as an Associate of the Company, or am in the future engaged as an Associate of the Company or any Affiliate if no other agreement governs
nondisclosure and assignment of inventions during such period. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

9.3. Severability.
In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein is, for any reason, held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and all other
provisions will remain in full force and effect. If any of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be excessively broad, it will
be reformed and construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

9.4. Amendments
and Waivers. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective
unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged. No delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement
will operate as a waiver of that or any other right. A waiver or consent given by the Company on any occasion if effective only in that
instance and will not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right on any other occasion.

9.5. Employment.
I understand that this Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment or create an obligation on the part of the Company to continue
my employment (if any) with the Company. I understand that my employment (if any) is at will and that my obligations under
this Agreement will not be affected by any change in my position, title or function with, or compensation, by the Company. Any subsequent
change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement.

9.6. Legal
and Equitable Remedies. I acknowledge that (a) the business of the Company and its Affiliates is global in scope and its services
may be marketed and sold throughout the world; (b) the Company and its Affiliates compete with other businesses that are or could
be located in any part of the world; (c) the Company has required that I make the covenants contained in this Agreement as a condition
to my engagement as an Associate of the Company; and (d) the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection
of the business and goodwill of the Company and its Affiliates and are reasonable for such purpose. I agree that any breach of this Agreement
by me will cause irreparable damage to the Company and its Affiliates and that in the event of such breach, the Company will be entitled,
in addition to monetary damages and to any other remedies available to the Company under this Agreement and at law, to equitable relief,
including injunctive relief, and to payment by myself of all costs incurred by the Company in enforcing of the provisions of this Agreement,
including reasonable attorneys fees. I agree that should I violate any obligation imposed on me in this Agreement, I will
continue to be bound by the obligation until a period equal to the term of such obligation has expired without violation of such obligation.

9.7. Governing
Law. This Agreement will be construed as a sealed instrument and will in all events and for all purposes be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any choice of law principle that would dictate the application
of the laws of another jurisdiction. Any action, suit or other legal proceeding that I may commence to resolve any matter arising under
or relating to any provision of this Agreement will be commenced only in a court of the State of Delaware (or, if appropriate, a federal
court located within the State of Delaware), and I hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such court with respect to any action, suit
or proceeding commenced in such court by the Company.

[Next Page is Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.

/s/ Joe Kinder 

Joe Kinder 

TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/ Cabell Lolmaugh 

Name: Cabell Lolmaugh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

THE
TILE SHOP REPORTS Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results 

MINNEAPOLIS February 27, 2025 
Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: TTSH) (the Company), a specialty retailer of natural stone, man-made and luxury vinyl
tiles today announced results for its fourth quarter and full-year ended December 31, 2024.

Fourth Quarter 2024 Summary

Net Sales Decreased 5.9%

Comparable Store Sales Decreased 5.8% 

Gross Margin of 64.2%

Net Loss of $0.6 Million and Adjusted EBITDA
of $3.4 Million

Net Loss per Share of $0.01

No Debt Outstanding and $21.0 million of Cash
at Year-End

Full-Year 2024 Summary

Net Sales Decreased 8.0%

Comparable Store Sales Decreased 7.8% 

Gross Margin of 65.7%

Net Income of $2.3 Million and Adjusted EBITDA
of $22.6 Million

Diluted Earnings per Share of $0.05

Management Commentary Cabell Lolmaugh,
CEO 

While the challenges facing the home improvement
sector continued to persist, Im pleased with the teams execution during the quarter which contributed to the modest sequential
improvement in our comparable store sales results when compared to the third quarter. We believe steps taken to enhance our Superior line
of installation products, refine our luxury vinyl tile assortment and expand the selection of opening price point tile products over the
last year have us well positioned to capitalize on opportunities to serve our customers in 2025.

Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, December 31, 

(unaudited, dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 

Net sales $ 79,454 $ 84,458 $ 347,071 $ 377,146 

Net sales decline (1) (5.9 )% (3.4 )% (8.0 )% (4.4 )%

Comparable store sales decline (2) (5.8 )% (3.2 )% (7.8 )% (4.1 )%

Gross margin rate 64.2 % 64.7 % 65.7 % 64.4 %

(Loss) income from operations as a % of net sales (1.1 )% 1.7 % 1.0 % 4.3 %

Net (loss) income $ (628 ) $ 636 $ 2,321 $ 10,071 

Diluted net (loss) income per share $ (0.01 ) $ 0.01 $ 0.05 $ 0.23 

Adjusted EBITDA $ 3,420 $ 6,625 $ 22,614 $ 38,779 

Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net sales 4.3 % 7.8 % 6.5 % 10.3 %

Number of stores open at the end of period 142 142 142 142 

(1) As compared to the prior year period.

(2) The comparable store sales operating metric is the percentage change in sales of comparable stores period
over period. A store is considered comparable on the second day of the 13th full month of operation. When a store is relocated, it is
excluded from the comparable store sales calculation. Comparable store sales include total charges to customers less any actual returns.
The Company includes the change in allowance for anticipated sales returns applicable to comparable stores in the comparable store sales
calculation.

Fourth
QUARTER 2024

Net Sales

Net sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 decreased
$5.0 million, or 5.9%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Sales decreased at comparable stores by 5.8% during the fourth quarter
of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. For the year, net sales decreased by $30.1 million, or 8.0%. Sales decreased at comparable
stores by 7.8% during 2024 compared to 2023. The decrease in sales during the fourth quarter and full year of 2024 was primarily due to
a decrease in traffic that was partially offset by a modest increase in average order value.

Gross Profit

Gross profit decreased $3.7 million, or 6.7%,
in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The gross margin rate was 64.2% during the fourth quarter of 2024
as compared to 64.7% during the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease in gross margin was due to an increase in inventory write-offs associated
with assortment transitions that was partially offset by improvements in margin stemming from decreases in product costs. For the year,
gross profit decreased by $15.2 million or 6.2%, The gross margin rate was 65.7% in 2024 and 64.4% in 2023. The 130 basis point increase
in gross margin rate was due to lower international freight rates and steps taken to work with the Companys suppliers to reduce
prices on the items carried in the Companys assortment that were partially offset by an increase in inventory write-offs associated
with assortment transitions.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased
$1.3 million, or 2.4%, from $53.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 to $51.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.
The decrease in the fourth quarter of 2024 was primarily due to a $0.9 million decrease in depreciation expense, a $0.7 million decrease
in variable compensation expenses and a $0.5 million decrease in marketing spend that were partially offset by a $0.8 million increase
in occupancy costs. For the year, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $2.5 million, or 1.1%, from $226.9 million in
2023 to $224.4 million in 2024. The decrease for the year was due to a $3.5 million decrease in depreciation expenses, a $3.4 million
decrease in variable compensation expenses and a $0.8 million decrease in marketing spend that were partially offset by a $3.2 million
increase in occupancy costs, a $0.9 million increase in IT expenses, a $0.6 million increase in transportation costs and a $0.5 million
increase in audit and accounting expenses.

Provision for Income Taxes

The benefit from income taxes was $0.2 million
during the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to a provision for income taxes of $0.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2023. The change
in income tax expense was primarily due to a decrease in pretax income. The Companys effective tax rate was 25.9% and 48.1% in
the fourth quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was largely due to a decrease in tax associated
with stock-based compensation. For the year, the provision for income taxes decreased $3.0 million from $3.9 million during 2023 to $0.9
million during 2024. The decrease in the provision for income taxes was primarily due to lower pretax income. The Companys effective
tax rate was 28.4% in 2024 and 28.0% in 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate was largely due to a decrease in pretax income and
a disproportionate impact of certain permanent items.

Capital Structure and Liquidity

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had no borrowings
outstanding on its $75.0 million line of credit and cash and cash equivalents of $21.0 million.

NON-GAAP INFORMATION

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2024
was $3.4 million compared with $6.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $22.6 million in 2024 compared
with $38.8 million in 2023. See the table below for a reconciliation of GAAP net income to Adjusted EBITDA.

Three Months Ended 

December 31, 

(unaudited, $ in thousands) 2024 % of net sales 2023 % of net sales(1) 

Net (loss) income $ (628 ) (0.8 )% $ 636 0.8 %

Interest expense, net (19 ) (0.0 )% 245 0.3 %

(Benefit) provision for income taxes (220 ) (0.3 )% 589 0.7 %

Depreciation & amortization 3,957 5.0 % 4,835 5.7 %

Stock based compensation 330 0.4 % 320 0.4 %

Adjusted EBITDA $ 3,420 4.3 % $ 6,625 7.8 %

2

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 

(unaudited, $ in thousands) 2024 % of net sales(1) 2023 % of net sales 

Net income $ 2,321 0.7 % $ 10,071 2.7 %

Interest expense, net 275 0.1 % 2,164 0.6 %

Provision for income taxes 921 0.3 % 3,923 1.0 %

Depreciation & amortization 17,759 5.1 % 21,229 5.6 %

Stock based compensation 1,338 0.4 % 1,392 0.4 %

Adjusted EBITDA $ 22,614 6.5 % $ 38,779 10.3 %

(1) Amounts do not foot due to rounding.

Pretax Return on Capital Employed

Pretax Return on Capital Employed was 2.9% for
the trailing twelve months as of the end of the fourth quarter in 2024 compared to 12.4% for the trailing twelve months as of the end
of the fourth quarter in 2023. See the Pretax Return on Capital Employed calculation in the table below.

December 31, 

(unaudited, $ in thousands) 2024(1) 2023(1) 

Income from operations (trailing twelve months) $ 3,517 $ 16,158 

Total Assets 322,131 324,880 

Less: Accounts payable (22,842 ) (24,885 )

Less: Income tax payable (375 ) (519 )

Less: Other accrued liabilities (30,481 ) (32,728 )

Less: Lease liability (141,157 ) (131,840 )

Less: Other long-term liabilities (4,716 ) (4,585 )

Capital Employed $ 122,560 $ 130,323 

Pretax Return on Capital Employed 2.9 % 12.4 %

(1) Income statement accounts represent
the activity for the trailing twelve months ended as of each of the balance sheet dates. Balance sheet accounts represent the average
account balance for the four quarters ended as of each of the balance sheet dates.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company calculates Adjusted EBITDA by taking
net income calculated in accordance with GAAP, and adjusting for interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based
compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA margin is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. The Company calculates Pretax Return on
Capital Employed by taking income (loss) from operations divided by capital employed. Capital employed equals total assets less accounts
payable, income taxes payable, other accrued liabilities, lease liability and other long-term liabilities. Other companies may calculate
both Adjusted EBITDA and Pretax Return on Capital Employed differently, limiting the usefulness of these measures for comparative purposes.

The Company believes that these non-GAAP measures
of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to
the Companys financial condition and results of operations. Company management uses these non-GAAP measures to compare Company
performance to that of prior periods for trend analyses, for purposes of determining management incentive compensation, for budgeting
and planning purposes and for assessing the effectiveness of capital allocation over time. These measures are used in monthly financial
reports prepared for management and the Board of Directors. The Company believes that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides
an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing the Companys financial
measures with other specialty retailers, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors.

Company management does not consider these non-GAAP
measures in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The principal limitations of these
non-GAAP financial measures are that they exclude significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recognized in the Companys
consolidated financial statements. In addition, they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by
management about which expenses and income are excluded or included in determining these non-GAAP financial measures. In order to compensate
for these limitations, management presents non-GAAP financial measures in connection with GAAP results. The Company urges investors to
review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures and not to rely on any single
financial measure to evaluate the business. 

3

WEBCAST AND CONFERENCE CALL

As announced on February 20, 2025, the Company
will host a conference call via webcast for investors and other interested parties beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Thursday, February
27, 2025. The call will be hosted by Cabell Lolmaugh, CEO, Mark Davis, CFO, and Ken Cooper, Investor Relations.

Participants may access the webcast by visiting the Investor Relations
page at www.tileshop.com. The call can also be accessed here. A webcast replay of the call will be available on the Companys
Investor Relations page at www.tileshop.com.

The Company intends to use its website, investors.tileshop.com,
as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such
disclosures will be included on the Companys website under the heading News and Events. Accordingly, investors should monitor
such portions of the Companys website, in addition to following its press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings
and public conference calls and webcasts.

Contact:

Investors and Media:

Mark Davis

Chief Financial Officer

investorrelations@tileshop.com

ABOUT THE TILE SHOP

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: TTSH) is a specialty
retailer of natural stone, man-made and luxury vinyl tiles, setting and maintenance materials, and related accessories in the United States.
The Company offers a wide selection of high-quality products, exclusive designs, knowledgeable staff and exceptional customer service
in an extensive showroom environment. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 142 stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia.

The Tile Shop is a proud member of the American
Society of Interior Designers (ASID), National Association of Homebuilders (NAHB), National Kitchen and Bath Association (NKBA), and the
National Tile Contractors Association (NTCA). Visit www.tileshop.com. Join The Tile Shop (#thetileshop) on Facebook, Instagram,
Pinterest and YouTube.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release includes forward looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe,
expect, estimate, plan, outlook, and project and other similar expressions
that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward looking statements include
any statements regarding the Companys strategic and operational plan and expected financial performance. Forward looking statements
should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at,
or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward looking statements are based on information available at the time such
statements are made and/or managements good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks
and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are outside of our control, that may cause actual results, performance,
or achievements to differ materially from any expected future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward
looking statements, including but not limited to unforeseen events that may affect the retail market or the performance of the Companys
stores. The Company does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect future events or circumstances, except
as required by law. Investors are referred to the most recent reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

4

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Balance Sheets

($ in thousands, except per share data)

(Unaudited) (Audited) 

December 31, December 31, 

2024 2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 20,957 $ 8,620 

Receivables, net 3,085 2,882 

Inventories 86,267 93,679 

Income tax receivable 850 129 

Other current assets, net 8,663 9,248 

Total Current Assets 119,822 114,558 

Property, plant and equipment, net 59,733 64,317 

Right of use asset 132,861 129,092 

Deferred tax assets 4,890 5,256 

Other assets 2,297 3,449 

Total Assets $ 319,603 $ 316,672 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 23,808 $ 23,345 

Income tax payable 62 1,135 

Current portion of lease liability 28,880 27,265 

Other accrued liabilities 25,644 27,000 

Total Current Liabilities 78,394 78,745 

Long-term debt, net - - 

Long-term lease liability, net 113,700 112,697 

Other long-term liabilities 4,597 5,543 

Total Liabilities 196,691 196,985 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common stock, par value $0.0001; authorized: 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 44,657,898 and 44,510,779 shares, respectively 4 4 

Preferred stock, par value $0.0001; authorized: 10,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 0 shares - - 

Additional paid-in-capital 129,696 128,861 

Accumulated deficit (6,788 ) (9,109 )

Accumulated other comprehensive loss - (69 )

Total Stockholders' Equity 122,912 119,687 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 319,603 $ 316,672 

5

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Operations

($ in thousands, except per share data)

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended, 

December 31, December 31, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Net sales $ 79,454 $ 84,458 $ 347,071 $ 377,146 

Cost of sales 28,458 29,800 119,197 134,085 

Gross profit 50,996 54,658 227,874 243,061 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 51,863 53,188 224,357 226,903 

(Loss) income from operations (867 ) 1,470 3,517 16,158 

Interest income (expense), net 19 (245 ) (275 ) (2,164 )

(Loss) income before income taxes (848 ) 1,225 3,242 13,994 

Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 220 (589 ) (921 ) (3,923 )

Net (loss) income $ (628 ) $ 636 $ 2,321 $ 10,071 

(Loss) earnings per common share: 

Basic $ (0.01 ) $ 0.01 $ 0.05 $ 0.23 

Diluted $ (0.01 ) $ 0.01 $ 0.05 $ 0.23 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 43,800,568 43,526,804 43,714,567 43,424,089 

Diluted 43,800,568 43,775,573 43,851,653 43,620,790 

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Rate Analysis

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, December 31, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Gross margin rate 64.2 % 64.7 % 65.7 % 64.4 %

SG&A expense rate 65.3 % 63.0 % 64.6 % 60.2 %

(Loss) income from operations margin rate (1.1 )% 1.7 % 1.0 % 4.3 %

Adjusted EBITDA margin rate 4.3 % 7.8 % 6.5 % 10.3 %

6

Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

($ in thousands)

(Unaudited)

Twelve Months Ended, 

December 31, 

2024 2023 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income $ 2,321 $ 10,071 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation & amortization 17,759 21,229 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 72 257 

Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (138 ) (13 )

Impairment charges 949 1,027 

Non-cash lease expense 26,950 25,844 

Stock based compensation 1,338 1,392 

Deferred income taxes 366 1,280 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables (203 ) 528 

Inventories 7,413 27,272 

Other current assets, net 1,723 3,316 

Accounts payable 826 123 

Income tax receivable / payable (1,793 ) 4,861 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities (30,476 ) (35,127 )

Net cash provided by operating activities 27,107 62,060 

Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment (14,538 ) (15,313 )

Proceeds from insurance 100 - 

Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 102 58 

Net cash used in investing activities (14,336 ) (15,255 )

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Payments of long-term debt and financing lease obligations (10,000 ) (65,400 )

Advances on line of credit 10,000 20,000 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options - 4 

Employee taxes paid for shares withheld (503 ) (532 )

Net cash used in financing activities (503 ) (45,928 )

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 69 (16 )

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 12,337 861 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 8,620 7,759 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period $ 20,957 $ 8,620 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 59 $ 430 

Cash paid for interest 306 2,082 

Cash paid (received) for income taxes, net of refunds 2,349 (2,218 )

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_ex10-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tts-20250225.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tts-20250225_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tts-20250225_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35629

Entity Registrant Name TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001552800

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-5538095

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 14000 Carlson Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Plymouth

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55441

City Area Code 763

Local Phone Number 852-2950

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol TTSH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tileshop.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm256891d1_8k.htm 
tts-20250225.xsd 
tts-20250225_lab.xml 
tts-20250225_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-017787-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256891d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001552800 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001552800 
8-K 
2025-02-25 
TILE SHOP HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-35629 
45-5538095 
14000 Carlson Parkway 
Plymouth 
MN 
55441 
763 
852-2950 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
TTSH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>