<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-008391.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-008391.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130162002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-008391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Columbus Acquisition Corp/Cayman Islands
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028201
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42485
		FILM NUMBER:		25574015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-451-2930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228887-8k_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 24, 2025

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42485 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore 049712

(Address of principal executive offices)

(+1) 949 899 1827

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share COLA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each whole right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 24, 2025, Columbus Acquisition Corp
(the Company) consummated the initial public offering (the IPO) of 6,000,000 units (the Units).
Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share (each, an Ordinary Share), and one right (each, a
Right), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-seventh of one Ordinary Share upon the completion
of the Companys initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $60,000,000.

Substantially concurrently with the closing of
the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of 234,290 units (the Private Units)
to the Companys sponsor, Hercules Capital Management VII Corp (the Sponsor). Each Private Unit consists of one Ordinary
Share and one Right. The Private Units were sold at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of $2,342,900.

In connection with the consummation of the IPO
and the Private Placement, a total of $60,000,000 from the proceeds of the offerings of the Public Units and the sale of the Private Units
(net of transaction expenses and working capital) were placed in the trust account.

An audited balance sheet as of January 24, 2025,
reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is included
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

1

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of January 24, 2025

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Columbus Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 30, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022888701ex99-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Index to Financial Statement

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5395) F-2

Balance Sheet as of January 24, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Columbus
Acquisition Corp

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company) as of January 24, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
financial statements). In our opinion, based on our audit, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of January 24, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation that was formed for the purpose of completing a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities on or before January
22, 2026, unless the Company extends such period by amending its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. There is
no assurance that the Company will obtain the necessary approvals or raise the additional capital it needs to fund its business operations
and complete any business combination prior to January 22, 2026, if at all. The Company also has no approved plan in place to extend the
business combination deadline beyond January 22, 2026 and lacks the capital resources needed to fund operations and complete any business
combination, even if the deadline to complete a business combination is extended to a later date. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP

Marcum Asia CPAs LLP

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York NY

January 30, 2025

F-2

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

BALANCE SHEET

JANUARY 24, 2025

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash $ 1,007,756 

Prepaid expenses 24,928 

Total Current Assets 1,032,684 

Cash held in Trust Account 60,000,000 

Total Assets $ 61,032,684 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 11,000 

Over-allotment liability 183,000 

Total Current Liabilities 194,000 

Total Liabilities 194,000 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 490,000,000 shares authorized, 6,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption 60,000,000 

Shareholders Equity: 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding - 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 490,000,000 shares authorized, 2,169,290 shares issued and outstanding (1) (excluding 6,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 217 

Additional paid-in capital 1,019,627 

Accumulated deficit (181,160 )

Total Shareholders Equity 838,684 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Equity $ 61,032,684 

(1) This
number includes an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
this financial statement.

F-3

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

January 24, 2025

Note 1 Organization,
Business Operation and Going Concern Consideration

Columbus Acquisition Corp (the
Company) is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 18, 2024 (Inception). The Company was formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination). The Companys efforts
to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. The Company does not
have any specific business combination under consideration and the Company has not (nor has anyone on its behalf), directly or
indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such
a transaction. The Companys significant ties to China would make it a less attractive partner to a non-China-based target
company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination; or may
therefore make it more likely for the Company to consummate a business combination with a company being based in or having the
majority of the companys operations in China. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

As of January 24, 2025, the Company had not
commenced any operations. For the period from January 18, 2024 (inception) through January 24, 2025, the Companys efforts
have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to completing the initial public offering
(IPO). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at
the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of dividend and/or interest income from the proceeds
derived from the IPO and sale of Private Placement Units (as defined below).

The Companys management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placements Units, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

The Companys founder and sponsor is Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company (the Sponsor).
The Companys ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through the IPO (see Note
3) and a Private Placement (as defined below) to the initial shareholder (see Note 4).

On January 24, 2025, the Company consummated its
IPO of 6,000,000 units (Units). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one right to
receive of one-seventh of one ordinary share upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering
price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $60,000,000. The Company has also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 900,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any (see Note 3)

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO
and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) of 234,290 units (the Private
Placement Units) to the Sponsor, at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $2,342,900, which
is described in Note 4.

Transaction costs amounted to $1,587,534 consisting
of $900,000 of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, $361,000 of the Representative Shares
(discussed below), and $326,534 of other offering costs. At the IPO date, cash of $1,007,756 was held outside of the Trust Account (as
defined below) and is available for working capital purposes.

In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued
to the underwriter 210,000 ordinary shares (the Representative Shares). The fair value of the Representative Shares accounted
for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation Stock Compensation
(ASC 718) is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative Shares as of the IPO date totaled
$361,000.

F-4

The Companys initial Business Combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the
Trust Account (as defined below), (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) at the time of execution of the definitive
agreement in connection with its initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). The Company does not believe that its anticipated principal
activities will subject the Company to the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business
Combination successfully.

Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed
that at least $10.00 per public share underlying Units sold in the IPO will be held into a U.S.-based trust account (Trust Account).
The funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or
less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest solely in direct U.S. government treasury or in an interest bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit account. Except
with respect to divided and/or interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay the
Companys tax obligation, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units that are deposited and
held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend the companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (A) modify the substance or timing of obligation
to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not complete the Companys initial Business Combination
by January 22, 2026 (unless the Company extends such period by amending its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the
redemption of all of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete their initial business combination by January
22, 2026, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or
in the Trust Account.

The Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon either (i)
the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the
initial Business Combination within the prescribed combination period, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the public
shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the obligation to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the prescribed combination period or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial business combination activity.

The Company has determined not to consummate any
Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation in order to avoid being
subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if the Company seeks to consummate an initial Business Combination
with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available
from the Trust Account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, its net tangible asset threshold may limit the Companys
ability to consummate such initial Business Combination (as the Company may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and
may force the Company to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. As a result,
the Company may not be able to consummate such an initial Business Combination and the Company may not be able to locate another suitable
target within the applicable time period, if at all.

The Company will have until January 22, 2026 to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial
Business Combination by January 22, 2026, unless the Company extends such period by amending its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of its remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to public rights or private placement rights, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by January 22, 2026.

F-5

Going Concern Consideration

As of January 24, 2025, the Company had $1,007,756 of cash and a working capital of $838,684. The Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In addition, the Company currently
has until January 22, 2026 (unless the Company extends such period by amending its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association)
to consummate the initial Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the prescribed timeline,
the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association. Notwithstanding managements belief that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business
strategy, the Company has determined that it has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to raise capital will be successful. Additionally, there is a possibility
that the Business Combination might not be completed within the 12-month period from the issuance date of these financial statements.
In connection with the Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management
has determined that such additional conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern
until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. The financial statement
does not include any adjustments that might result from the Companys inability to continue as a going concern.

Risks and Uncertainties

As a result of the ongoing Russia/Ukraine, Hamas/Israel
conflicts and/or other future global conflicts, the Companys ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of
a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition,
the Companys ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be
impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and potential future sanctions on the world
economy and the specific impact on the Companys financial position, results of operations or ability to consummate a Business Combination
are not yet determinable. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) and pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act), as modified
by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.

F-6

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement
in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set
of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has cash of $1,007,756 and no
cash equivalents as of January 24, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of January 24, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $60,000,000, were held in cash. These funds were subsequently
deposit in the interest-bearing bank account as of January 30, 2025.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds
could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Company
has not experienced losses on these accounts.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the
carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

The Company applies ASC 820, which establishes
a framework for measuring fair value and clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework. ASC 820 defines fair value as an
exit price, which is the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the Companys principal or
most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy established
in ASC 820 generally requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed
based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect the entitys own assumptions
based on market data and the entitys judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability and are to be developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.

Level 1Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level 3Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities.

F-7

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity (ASC 480). Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) will be classified as a liability instrument
and will be measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely
within the Companys control) will be classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares will be classified
as stockholders equity. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies the ordinary shares subject to
redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. Given that the
6,000,000 ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the
initial carrying value of ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance
with ASC 470-20. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either
(i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes
probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or
(ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The
initial accretion and subsequent remeasurements will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in
absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). Accordingly, as of January 24, 2025, ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the
Companys balance sheet. As of January 24, 2025, the ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are
reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 60,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public share Rights (1,320,000 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (1,538,521 )

Proceeds allocated to over-allotment option (183,000 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 3,041,521 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, January 24, 2025 $ 60,000,000 

Share Rights

The Company accounts for the Public Rights and private placement rights issued in connection with the IPO and the Private Placement in
accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated
and classified the rights under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740
Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected
impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit
to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established
when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprises financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those
benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740
also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition.
Based on the Companys evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition
in the Companys financial statements.

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties as of January 24, 2025. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position.

There is currently no taxation imposed on income
by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands federal income tax regulations, income taxes
are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Companys financial statement.

F-8

Share-based Compensation

The Company
recognizes compensation costs resulting from the issuance of share-based awards to directors as an expense in the financial statement
over the requisite service period based on a measurement of fair value for each share-based award. The fair value is amortized as compensation
cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. The Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model includes
various assumptions, including the fair value of the estimated stock price of the Company, expected life of shares, the expected volatility
and the expected risk-free interest rate, among others. These assumptions reflect the Companys best estimates, but they involve
inherent uncertainties based on market conditions generally outside the control of the Company.

Overallotment Option 

The overallotment option describe in Note 6 was
deemed to be a freestanding financial instrument indexed to the contingently redeemable shares and was accounted for as a liability pursuant
to ASC 480. The fair value of the over-allotment liability as of January 24, 2025 of $183,000 was determined using the Black Scholes option
pricing model. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information.
ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The Company will be required to adopt ASU No. 2023-07 in its annual financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2024, and in its interim financial statements for the period ending March 31, 2025. The Company is evaluating what the impact of
adopting ASU 2023-07 might have on those financial statements.

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) (ASU 2020-06),
to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial
conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining
to equity classification of contracts in an entitys own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and free-standing instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entitys own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings
per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective
January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1,
2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 upon the Inception of the Company. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Companys
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statements.

Note 3 Initial Public
Offering

On January 24, 2025, the Company sold 6,000,000
Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share and one right (the Public
Right). Each Public Right entitles the holder to purchase one-seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of the
Companys initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the holder must hold Public
Rights in multiples of 7 in order to receive shares for all of their Public Rights upon closing of a Business Combination. Total offering
costs allocated to the IPO proceeds were $1,538,521. The Company has also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to
an additional 900,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any; which has not been exercised as of the date of this financial
statement.

F-9

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 234,290 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00
per Private Placement Units for an aggregate purchase price of $2,342,900. Each Private Placement Unit was identical to the Public Units
sold in the IPO, except as described below. Total offering costs allocated to the private units were $9,453, which were charged directly
to additional paid-in capital upon the completion of IPO.

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined below), private placement shares or private placement
rights. The rights will expire worthless if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by January 22, 2026, unless the
Company extends the Business Combination period.

Each Private Placement Unit is identical to
the Public Units sold in the IPO, except that it will not be transferable, assignable or salable by the Sponsor until the completion
of the Companys initial Business Combination, except in each case (i) among the insiders or to the Companys
insiders members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holders shareholders or members upon
the holders liquidation, in each case if the holder is an entity, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holders
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holders immediate family, in each
case for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order, (vi) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a business
combination, (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (viii) in the event of the Companys
liquidation prior to its consummation of an initial business combination or (ix) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property, in each case (except for clauses (vi), (viii) or (ix) or with the Companys prior written consent) on the
condition that prior to such registration for transfer, the transfer agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to
which each transferee or the trustee or legal guardian for such permitted transferee agrees to be bound by the transfer restrictions
contained in the letter agreement and any other applicable agreement the transferor is bound by.

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On March 21, 2024, the Sponsor acquired 1,437,500
ordinary shares (the Founder Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0174 per share. On
July 25, 2024 and December 20, 2024, the Company amended the Securities Purchase Agreement which allowed the Sponsor to increase the purchase
of Founder Shares from 1,437,500 to 1,725,000 shares for $25,000, or $0.0145 per share; including an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary
shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. 

On January 22, 2025, the effective date of
the registration statement of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 36,000 of its Founder Shares, or 12,000 each to its
three independent directors for their board service, for nominal cash consideration, of $522. The fair value of the transfer of the
36,000 Founder Shares was accounted for as compensation under ASC 718. On January 22, 2025, the Company recognized a share-based
compensation expense of $61,478 based on the total estimated fair value of the 36,000 Founder Shares.

The Founder Shares are identical to the ordinary
shares included in the Units being sold in the IPO, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders,
except that (i) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (ii) the Sponsor,
officers and directors of the Company have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to
waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion
of its initial Business Combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
the Founder Shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by January 22, 2026,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within such time period and (iii) the Founder Shares and private placement
shares are subject to registration rights. If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to its public shareholders for a vote,
the Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement
entered into with the Company, to vote any Founder Shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after the IPO in favor of the Companys initial Business Combination.

F-10

With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of 180 days after the date of
the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or the date on which the closing price of the Companys ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after the Companys initial Business
Combination. 

Promissory Note Related Party

On March 21, 2024, the Sponsor has agreed to loan
the Company up to $500,000 (the Promissory Note) to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. Prior to the closing
of the IPO, the Company has an outstanding loan balance of $254,544. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier
of (1) June 30, 2025 or (ii) the closing of the IPO, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. The loan was
repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account on January 24, 2025.

Working Capital Loans

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Companys officers and directors, or their affiliates/designees
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their
sole discretion. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the
initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $3,000,000 of such working capital
loans (Working Capital Loans) may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender,
upon consummation of its initial Business Combination. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units.

As of January 24, 2025, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans.

Administrative Support Services

Commencing on the effective date of the registration
statement of the IPO, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of its initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these
monthly fees.

Note 6 Commitments and
Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of Founder Shares, Representative
Shares, Private Placement Units, and units that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans (and in each case holders of their
component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed
prior to or on the effective date of the IPO requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to its completion of
its initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

F-11

Underwriting Agreement

The Company had granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date
of IPO to purchase up to an additional 900,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any; which has not been exercised as of the
date of this financial statement. 

The underwriter is entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 1.5% of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or $900,000 (or up to $1,035,000 if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised
in full). Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to 210,000 shares of ordinary shares of the Company (or up to 241,500 ordinary shares
if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full), equal to 3.5% of gross proceeds of the IPO that were registered in the
IPO and were paid at the closing of the IPO as the Representative Shares. In addition, the underwriter has agreed with respect to the
representative shares, (i) to vote for at a shareholder meeting to approve a Business Combination or any amendment to the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemptions
in connection with a Business Combination, (ii) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares until the completion of the
Business Combination, in connection with the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or a shareholder vote to
approve an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing
of the its obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination, and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the timeline
provided in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, to the extent such representative shares
held by the underwriter and/or its designees, and any of their permitted transferees.

In connection with the IPO, the Company issued
210,000 Representative Shares to the underwriter with a fair value of $361,000.

Note 7 Shareholders
Equity

Preferred Share The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred share, $0.0001 par value, with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. As of January 24, 2025,
there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding.

Ordinary Share As
of January 24, 2025, there were 2,169,290 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares
subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. The Company is authorized
to issue 490,000,000 ordinary shares with $0.0001 par value. On March 21, 2024, the Company issued 1,437,500 Founder Shares
to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0174 per share. On July 25, 2024 and December
20, 2024, the Company amended the Securities Purchase Agreement which allowed the Sponsor to increase the purchase of ordinary shares
from 1,437,500 to 1,725,000 shares for $25,000, or $0.0145 per share; including an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.

On January 22, 2025, the Sponsor transferred an
aggregate of 36,000 of its Founder Shares, or 12,000 each to the Companys three independent directors for their board service,
for nominal cash consideration of $522 (See Note 5), pursuant a securities transfer agreement which the Company entered with the Sponsor
and each of the independent director nominees on November 8, 2024 and further amended on December 20, 2024.

Rights

As of January
24, 2025, there were 6,000,000 Public Rights and 234,290 private rights include in the Private Placement Units outstanding. Each
holder of a right will receive one-seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share upon consummation of its initial Business Combination, even
if the holder of such right redeemed all ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial Business Combination. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial
Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO.
If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares
will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration)
upon consummation of the Business Combination.

The shares issuable upon conversion of the Public
Rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). The Company will not issue fractional shares
upon conversion of the rights. As a result, the holders of rights must hold rights in multiples of seven in order to receive shares for
all of their rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within
the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such
funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside of the Trust Account
with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.

Note 8 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when these financial statements were issued. Based on this review, the Company
did not identify any other subsequent events that would require adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>