<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001530979-25-000024.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001530979-25-000024.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312172329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001530979-25-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Honest Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530979
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				900750205
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40378
		FILM NUMBER:		25732822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12130 MILLENNIUM DR., #500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 917-9199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12130 MILLENNIUM DR., #500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90094
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?hnst-20250306

0001530979FALSE12/3100015309792025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

The Honest Company, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 001-40378 90-0750205

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

12130 Millennium Drive, #500

Los Angeles, CA 90094

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(888) 862-8818

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable 

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share HNST The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On March 6, 2025, the Board of Directors of The Honest Company, Inc. (the Company) approved and adopted amendments to the Companys bylaws (as so amended, the Bylaws). The amendments include the following principal changes:

Advance Notice Informational Requirements. The amendments address the amount of time by which a stockholder's proposed nominee must provide information that the Company may reasonably require to determine the proposed nominee's eligibility to serve as a director or on any Board committee or subcommittee, the proposed nominee's independence, or other information that could be material to a stockholder's understanding of the proposed nominee's background, qualifications, experience, or independence. Additionally, the Bylaws revise certain information requested from a proponent or a proposed nominee. 

Other Updates. The amendments to the Bylaws also include the following additional updates: (i) revisions to clarify instances when a stockholder is able to nominate a proposed director nominee at a special meeting; (ii) revisions to provide for the replacement of uncertificated shares; and (iii) revisions to clarify when expenses are able to be advanced for directors or executive officers.

The foregoing description of the changes contained in the Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of The Honest Company, Inc., dated March 6, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

The Honest Company, Inc.

Date: March 12, 2025 By: /s/ David Loretta

Name: David Loretta

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
thehonestcompanyinc-arby

1 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF THE HONEST COMPANY, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) March 6, 2025 Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF THE HONEST COMPANY, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) ARTICLE I OFFICES Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation). Section 2. Other Offices. The corporation may also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors of the corporation (the Board of Directors), and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require. ARTICLE II CORPORATE SEAL Section 3. Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. If adopted, the corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. ARTICLE III STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS Section 4. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be held at such place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) and Section 14 below. Section 5. Annual Meetings. (a) The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may properly come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and proposals of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders (or any supplement thereto); (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; or (iii) by any stockholder of the corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving the stockholders notice provided for in Section 5(b) below and who is a 

2 stockholder of record at the time of the annual meeting of stockholders, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 5. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and submit other business (other than matters properly included in the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the 1934 Act)) before an annual meeting of stockholders. (b) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Amended and Restated Bylaws of the corporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the Bylaws), and only such nominations shall be made and such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures below. (i) For nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a), the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(iii) and must update and supplement the information contained in such written notice (other than the representation required by Section 5(b)(iv)(E)) on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate at the meeting: (1) the name, age, business address and residence address of such nominee, (2) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee, (3) the class or series and number of shares of each class or series of capital stock of the corporation that are owned of record and beneficially by such nominee and list of any pledge of or encumbrances on such shares, (4) the date or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, (5) the questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 5(e), completed and signed by such nominee, and (6) all other information concerning such nominee as would be required to be disclosed or provided to the corporation in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved and whether or not proxies are being or will be solicited), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed or provided to the corporation pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in a proxy statement and associated proxy card as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (B) all of the information required by Section 5(b)(iv). The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish, within ten (10) days of a request thereof, such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation, to determine the independence of such proposed nominee or to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve on any committee or sub-committee of the Board of Directors under any applicable stock exchange listing requirements or applicable law, or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the background, qualifications, experience, or independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting. (ii) Other than proposals sought to be included in the corporations proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act, for business other than nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a), the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(iii), and must update and supplement such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for 

3 consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and any material interest (including any anticipated benefit of such business to any Proponent (as defined below) other than solely as a result of its ownership of the corporations capital stock, that is material to any Proponent individually, or to the Proponents in the aggregate) in such business of any Proponent; and (B) all of the information required by Section 5(b)(iv). (iii) To be timely, the written notice required by Section 5(b)(i) or 5(b)(ii) must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the immediately preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that, subject to the last sentence of this Section 5(b)(iii), in the event that (A) the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the corporation or (B) the corporation did not have an annual meeting in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. (iv) The written notice required by Sections 5(b)(i) or 5(b)(ii) shall also set forth, as of the date of the notice and as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (each, a Proponent and collectively, the Proponents): (A) the name and address of each Proponent, including, if applicable, such name and address as they appear on the corporations books and records; (B) the class, series and number of shares of each class or series of the capital stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) by each Proponent (provided, that for purposes of this Section 5(b)(iv), such Proponent shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own all shares of any class or series of capital stock of the corporation as to which such Proponent has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future); (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with respect to such nomination or proposal (and/or the voting of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the corporation) entered into by any Proponent or any of their respective affiliates or associates, including, in the case of a nomination, any such agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with any proposed nominee(s) or relating to any compensation or payments to be paid to any such proposed nominees(s); (D) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of the corporation at the time of giving notice, will be entitled to vote at the meeting, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(i)) or to propose the business that is specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(ii)); (E) a representation as to whether the Proponents intend or are part of a group which intends (x) to deliver, or make available, a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporations voting shares required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee, (y) to otherwise solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination and/or (z) to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act; (F) to the extent known by any Proponent, the name and address of any other stockholders or beneficial owners financially supporting the nomination or proposal on the date of such stockholders notice; (G) a description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proponent during the previous 12-month period, including the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved in, and the material economic or voting terms of, such Derivative 

4 Transactions; (H) a certification that each Proponent has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such Proponents acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the corporation and/or such Proponents acts or omissions as a stockholder or beneficial owner of the corporation; and (I) any other information relating to the Proponents required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (c) A stockholder providing the written notice required by Section 5(b)(i) or (ii) shall update and supplement such notice in writing, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct in all material respects as of (i) the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and (ii) the date that is five Business Days (as defined below) prior to the meeting and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five Business Days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting; provided, that no such update or supplement shall cure or affect the accuracy (or inaccuracy) or any other deficiency of any information, agreements or representations made by any Proponent, any of its affiliates or associates, or a nominee or the validity (or invalidity) of any nomination or proposal that failed to comply with this Section 5 or is rendered invalid as a result of any inaccuracy or deficiency therein. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five Business Days after the later of the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting or the public announcement of such record date. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than two Business Days prior to the date for the meeting, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, two Business Days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. (d) Notwithstanding anything in Section 5(b)(iii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors in an Expiring Class (as defined below) to be elected to the Board of Directors at the next annual meeting is increased effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under Section 5(b)(iii) and there is no public announcement by the corporation naming all of the nominees for the Expiring Class or specifying the size of the increased Expiring Class at least 100 days before the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section 5 and that complies with the requirements in Section 5(b)(i), other than the timing requirements in Section 5(b)(iii), shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions in such Expiring Class created by such increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the corporation. For purposes of this section, an Expiring Class shall mean a class of directors whose term shall expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders. (e) To be eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a director of the corporation pursuant to a nomination under clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 5(a), each Proponent must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 5(b)(iii) or 5(d), as applicable) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and, in the case of a nomination under clause (iii) of Section 5(a), the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the corporation in the questionnaire or (B) any Voting 

5 Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director of the corporation that has not been disclosed therein, (iii) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the corporation, and will comply with, all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the corporation applicable to directors and (iv) if elected as director of the Corporation, intends to serve the entire term until the next meeting at which such candidate would face re- election. (f) A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at an annual meeting or special meeting, unless the person is nominated in accordance with Section 5(a) and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5(b), Section 5(c), Section 5(d), and Section 5(e), as applicable. Only such business shall be conducted at any annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 5(a) and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5(b) and Section 5(c), as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Bylaws, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if any Proponent (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a- 19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (ii) subsequently (x) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the corporation that such Proponent has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the 1934 Act in accordance with the following sentence) or (y) fails to inform the corporation that they no longer plan to solicit proxies in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act by delivering a written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of such change, then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the nominee is included as a nominee in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). If any Proponent provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act, such Proponent shall deliver to the corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the 1934 Act. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, and for the avoidance of doubt, the nomination of any person whose name is included as a nominee in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) as a result of any notice provided by any Proponent pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act with respect to such proposed nominee and whose nomination is not made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any authorized committee thereof shall not be deemed (for purposes of clause (i) of Section 5(a) of otherwise) to have been made pursuant to the corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) and any such nominee may only be nominated by a stockholder of the corporation pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) and, in the case of a special meeting of stockholders pursuant to and to the extent permitted under Section 6(c). Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the chairperson of the meeting (and the Board of Directors in advance of the meeting) shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures and requirements set forth in the Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with the Bylaws, or the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations required in this Section 5, to declare that such proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, or that such business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that such proposal or nomination is set forth in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination or such business may have been solicited or received. 

6 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that such nomination or proposed business is set forth in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such vote may have been solicited or received by the corporation. For purposes of this Section 5, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Nothing in the Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in the Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals and/or nominations to be considered pursuant to Section 5(a)(iii). Nothing in the Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of holders of any class or series of preferred stock to nominate and elect directors pursuant to and to the extent provided in any applicable provision of the Certificate of Incorporation. (h) For purposes of Sections 5 and 6, (i) affiliates and associates shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act); (ii) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in New York City, New York; (iii) close of business means 6:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of the corporation on any calendar day, whether or not the day is a Business Day; (iv) Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit of, any Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates, whether record or beneficial: (A) the value of which is derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the corporation; (B) that otherwise provides any direct or indirect opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of securities of the corporation; (C) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in value or price with respect to any securities of the corporation; or (D) that provides the right to vote or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proponent, or any of its affiliates or associates, directly or indirectly, with respect to any securities of the corporation, 

7 which agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond, convertible security, swap, stock appreciation or similar right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends, voting agreement or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion in any such class or series), and any proportionate interest of such Proponent in the securities of the corporation held by any general or limited partnership, or any limited liability company, of which such Proponent is, directly or indirectly, a general partner or managing member; and (v) public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, GlobeNewswire or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or by such other means reasonably designed to inform the public or security holders in general of such information, including, without limitation, posting on the corporations investor relations website. Section 6. Special Meetings. (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law, by (i) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). The corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors. (b) The Board of Directors shall determine the date, time and place, if any, of such special meeting. Upon determination of the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting, the Secretary shall cause a notice of meeting to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 7. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in the notice of meeting. (c) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof or (ii) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this paragraph, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with Sections 5(b)(i), 5(b)(iv), 5(c), 5(e) and 5(f). The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such special meeting. In the event the corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of submitting a proposal to stockholders for the election of one or more directors to fill any vacancy or newly created directorship on the Board of Directors, any such stockholder of record may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the corporations notice of meeting, if written notice setting forth the information required by Sections 5(b)(i) and 5(b)(iv) shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not earlier than 120 days prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such meeting or the tenth day following the day on which the corporation first makes a public announcement of the date of the special meeting at which directors are to be elected. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement of a special meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. 

8 (d) A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at the special meeting unless the person is nominated either in accordance with clause (i) or clause (ii) of this Section 6(c). Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the chairperson of the meeting (and the Board of Directors in advance of the meeting) shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination was made in accordance with the procedures and requirements set forth in the Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with the Bylaws, or if the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations required in Section 5, to declare that such nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that such nomination is set forth in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination may have been solicited or received. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder (meeting the requirements specified in Section 5(f)) does not appear at the special meeting of stockholders of the corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the nomination is set forth in the corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination may have been solicited or received by the corporation. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 6. Nothing in the Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in the Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be considered pursuant to Section 6(c). Section 7. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. Such notice shall specify the place, if any, date and hour, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such record date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. Such notice may be given by personal delivery, mail, or in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, by facsimile or electronic transmission. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the corporation. If sent via electronic transmission, notice is given when directed to such stockholders electronic mail address appearing in the records of the corporation. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders (to the extent required) may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, or by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his or her attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. Section 8. Quorum and Vote Required. At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by the Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, 

9 either by the chairperson of the meeting or by vote of the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes) on such matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or any applicable stock exchange rules, a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or any applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively (excluding abstention and broker non-votes) on such matter shall be the act of such class or classes or series. Section 9. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either by the chairperson of the meeting or by the vote of the stockholders entitled to vote thereon. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any, including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed present in person and may vote at such meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication, or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 7. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. Section 10. Voting Rights. For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders or adjournment thereof, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every person entitled to vote shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy 

10 shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of the corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. Section 11. Joint Owners of Stock. If shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one votes, his or her act binds all; (b) if more than one votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in Section 217(b) of the DGCL. If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority or even-split in interest. Section 12. List of Stockholders. The corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number and class of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. Section 13. Action without Meeting. No action shall be taken by the stockholders of the corporation except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders duly called in accordance with the Bylaws, and no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent. Section 14. Remote Communication. For the purposes of the Bylaws, if authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders may, by means of remote communication: (a) participate in a meeting of stockholders; and (b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (i) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to 

11 read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the corporation. Section 15. Organization. (a) At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed, is absent or refuses to act, the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving or the Chief Executive Officer is absent or refuses to act, the President, or, if the President is absent or refuses to act, a chairperson of the meeting designated by the Board of Directors, or, if the Board of Directors does not designate such chairperson, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairperson of the meeting of stockholders. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors may appoint the Chief Executive Officer as chairperson of the meeting. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary or other officer or other person directed to do so by the chairperson of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. (b) The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairperson, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairperson shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters that are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairperson of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. ARTICLE IV DIRECTORS Section 16. Number and Term of Office. The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation. If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Section 17. Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL. Section 18. Classes of Directors. The directors shall be divided into classes as and to the extent provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, except as otherwise required by applicable law. 

12 Section 19. Vacancies. Vacancies on the Board of Directors shall be filled as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, except as otherwise required by applicable law. Section 20. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time of delivery of the notice or at any later time specified therein. Acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the director whose place shall be vacated and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Section 21. Removal. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed only in the manner specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, except as otherwise required by applicable law. Section 22. Meetings. (a) Regular Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date and at any place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware that has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board of Directors. (b) Special Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as designated and called by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors. (c) Meetings by Electronic Communications Equipment. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. (d) Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of the time and place, if any, of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be transmitted orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least 24 hours before the meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least three days before the date of the meeting. (e) Waiver of Notice. Notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors may be waived in writing, or by electronic transmission, at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though it had been transacted at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the 

13 meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive notice by electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Section 23. Quorum and Voting. (a) Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to indemnification arising under Section 46 for which a quorum shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on the Board of Directors or, if greater, one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. At any meeting whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. (b) At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws. Section 24. Action without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After the action is taken, such consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. (a) Fees and Compensation. Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility and authority, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility and authority, a fixed sum and reimbursement of expenses incurred, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors, as well as reimbursement for other reasonable expenses incurred with respect to duties as a member of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor or from otherwise receiving any other compensation as a director or otherwise. Section 25. Committees. (a) Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the corporation. 

14 (b) Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by applicable law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in the Bylaws. (c) Term. The Board of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 25, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (d) Meetings. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 26 shall be held at such times and places, if any, as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings of any such committee may be held at such place, if any, that has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place, if any, of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place, if any, of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any meeting of any committee may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends such meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. Section 26. Duties of Chairperson of the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. Section 27. Lead Independent Director. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or if the Chairperson is not an independent director, one of the independent directors, may be designated by the Board of Directors as lead independent director to serve until replaced by the Board of Directors (Lead Independent Director). The Lead Independent Director will preside over meetings of the independent directors and perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the Board of Directors and perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors. 

15 Section 28. Organization. At every meeting of the directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or, if a Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director), or, in the absence of any such person, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any Assistant Secretary or other officer, director or other person directed to do so by the person presiding over the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. ARTICLE V OFFICERS Section 29. Officers Designated. The officers of the corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem appropriate or necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors or by a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility. Section 30. Tenure and Duties of Officers. (a) General. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors or by a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility or, if so authorized by the Board of Directors, by the Chief Executive Officer or another officer of the corporation. (b) Duties of Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, if a director, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless a Chairperson of the Board of Directors or Lead Independent Director has been appointed and is present. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, subject to the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers and duties of supervision, direction, management and control of the business and officers of the corporation as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Executive Officer. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President has been appointed, all references in the Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. (c) Duties of President. The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, if a director, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless a Chairperson of the Board of Directors, Lead Independent Director, or Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and is present. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, subject to the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers and duties of supervision, direction, management and control of the business and officers of the corporation as are customarily associated with the position of President. The President 

16 shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors (or the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer and President are not the same person and the Board of Directors has delegated the designation of the Presidents duties to the Chief Executive Officer) shall designate from time to time. (d) Duties of Vice Presidents. A Vice President may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant (unless the duties of the President are being filled by the Chief Executive Officer). A Vice President shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not been appointed or is absent, the President shall designate from time to time. (e) Duties of Secretary and Assistant Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts, votes and proceedings thereof in the minute books of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with the Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in the Bylaws and other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. (f) Duties of Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in the Bylaws to the Treasurer shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial Officer. The President may direct the Treasurer, if any, or any Assistant Treasurer to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer. (g) Duties of Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the corporation, shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Treasurer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President may direct any Assistant Treasurer or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Treasurer in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, and each 

17 Assistant Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. Section 31. Delegation of Authority. The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof. Section 32. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer. Section 33. Removal. Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the Board of Directors, or by any committee thereof or any superior officer upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VI EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION Section 34. Execution of Corporate Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute, sign or endorse on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by applicable law or the Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation or in special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall from time to time authorize so to do. Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board of Directors or otherwise required by applicable law, the execution, signing or endorsement of any corporate instrument or document may be effected manually, by facsimile or (to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to such policies and procedures as the corporation may have in effect from time to time) by electronic signature. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. Section 35. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of or interests in other corporations or entities owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President. 

18 ARTICLE VII SHARES OF STOCK Section 36. Form and Execution of Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by any two authorized officers of the corporation, certifying the number, and the class or series, of shares owned by such holder in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. Section 37. Lost Certificates. A new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owners legal representative, to agree to indemnify the corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. Section 38. Transfers. (a) Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. (b) The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes or series owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. Section 39. Fixing Record Dates. (a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at 

19 the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 39(a). (b) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. Section 40. Registered Stockholders. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. Section 41. Additional Powers of the Board. In addition to, and without limiting, the powers set forth in the Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as it shall deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of certificates for shares of stock of the corporation, including the use of uncertificated shares of stock, subject to the provisions of the DGCL, other applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws. The Board of Directors may appoint and remove transfer agents and registrars of transfers, and may require all stock certificates to bear the signature of any such transfer agent and/or any such registrar of transfers. ARTICLE VIII OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION Section 42. Execution of Other Securities. All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 36), may be signed by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the corporation. 

20 ARTICLE IX DIVIDENDS Section 43. Declaration of Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Section 44. Dividend Reserve. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, determines proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose or purposes as the Board of Directors shall determine to be conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. ARTICLE X FISCAL YEAR Section 45. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION Section 46. Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Employees and Other Agents. (a) Directors and Executive Officers. The corporation shall indemnify to the full extent permitted under and in any manner permitted under the DGCL or any other applicable law, any person who is made or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (as a witness or otherwise) in any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter, a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or executive officer (for the purposes of this Article XI, executive officers shall be those persons designated by the corporation as (a) executive officers for purposes of the disclosures required in the corporations proxy and periodic reports or (b) officers for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act) of the corporation, or while serving as a director or executive officer of the corporation, is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (collectively, Another Enterprise), against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines (including ERISA excise taxes or penalties) and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such Proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; provided, however, that the corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive officers; and, provided, further, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by applicable law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole 

21 discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under subsection (d) of this Section 46. (b) Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents. The corporation shall have power to indemnify (including the power to advance expenses in a manner consistent with subsection (c) of this Section 46) its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except executive officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. (c) Expenses. The corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or executive officer, of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or executive officer of Another Enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any director or executive officer in defending such Proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or executive officer in his or her capacity as a director or executive officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 46 or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 46, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any Proceeding, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the Proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. (d) Enforcement. Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this Section 46 shall be deemed to be contractual rights, shall vest when the person becomes a director or executive officer of the corporation, shall continue as vested contract rights even if such person ceases to be a director or executive officer of the corporation, and shall be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation and the director or executive officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Section 46 to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within 90 days of request therefor. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer of the corporation (except in any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled 

22 to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or executive officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 46 or otherwise shall be on the corporation. (e) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Section 46 shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law. (f) Survival of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or executive officer or officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (g) Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Section 46. (h) Amendments. Any repeal or modification of this Section 46 shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Section 46 as in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any Proceeding against any agent of the corporation. (i) Saving Clause. If this Article XI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Article XI that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this Article XI shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under any other applicable law, subject to any additional limitations set forth herein. (j) Certain Definitions and Construction of Terms. For the purposes of Article XI of the Bylaws, the following definitions and rules of construction shall apply: (i) The term Proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 

23 (ii) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any Proceeding. (iii) The term the corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger that, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Section 46 with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (iv) References to a director, executive officer, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. (v) References to Another Enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation that imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the corporation as referred to in this Section 46. ARTICLE XII NOTICES Section 47. Notices. (a) Notice to Stockholders. Notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 7. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by applicable law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail or nationally recognized overnight courier, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. (b) Notice to Directors. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a), as otherwise provided in the Bylaws (including by any of the means specified in Section 22(d)), or by overnight delivery service. Any notice sent by overnight delivery service or U.S. mail shall be sent to such address as such director shall have filed in writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. (c) Affidavit of Mailing. An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, or other agent, specifying the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained. 

24 (d) Methods of Notice. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. (e) Notice to Person with Whom Communication is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given, under applicable law or any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. (f) Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address. Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object in writing to the corporation within 60 days of having been given notice by the corporation of its intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation. ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENTS Section 48. Amendments. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 46(h) or the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation required by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ARTICLE XIV LOANS TO OFFICERS Section 49. Loans to Officers. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, the corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in the Bylaws shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or under any statute. 

CERTIFICATION OF AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF THE HONEST COMPANY, INC. a Delaware Corporation I, Brendan Sheehey, certify that I am Secretary of The Honest Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), that I am duly authorized to make and deliver this certification, and that the attached Amended and Restated Bylaws are a true and complete copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation in effect as of the date of this certificate. Dated: March 6, 2025 /s/ Brendan Sheehey Brendan Sheehey, Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover [Abstract] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306_g1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>thehonestcompanyinc-arby026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name The Honest Company, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40378

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-0750205

Entity Address, Address Line One 12130 Millennium Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two #500

Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90094

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 862-8818

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol HNST

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity Central Index Key 0001530979

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://honestco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

hnst-20250306.htm 
hnst-20250306.xsd 
hnst-20250306_lab.xml 
hnst-20250306_pre.xml 

hnst-20250306_g1.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>0001530979-25-000024-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>hnst-20250306_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001530979 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001530979 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
The Honest Company, Inc. 
DE 
001-40378 
90-0750205 
12130 Millennium Drive 
#500 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90094 
888 
862-8818 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
HNST 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>