<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004149.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004149.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129161017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNO HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001961847
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL PIPE & TUBES [3317]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41882
		FILM NUMBER:		25569433

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2465 FARM TO MARKET 359 SOUTH
		CITY:			BROOKSHIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77423
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-909-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2465 FARM TO MARKET 359 SOUTH
		CITY:			BROOKSHIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77423
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196184700019618472025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 27, 2025

INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-41882 87-4294543

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

2465
Farm Market 359 South

Brookshire,
TX 77423

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (800)909-8800

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, no par value INHD The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 27, 2024, Inno Holdings Inc. (the Company) entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the Agreement)
with certain investors (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors) effective as of January 28, 2025.
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement, a copy of which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this report.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company has the right to issue and sell to the Investors, from time to time, up to $15 million worth of shares
(the Shares) of the Companys common stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock), subject to the
terms and conditions specified in the Agreement.

Under
the Agreement, the Company may, at its discretion, issue and sell Shares (Advance) to the Investors in accordance with
their allocated commitment (Investor Allocation) by delivering written notice (Advance Notice). The purchase
price per share is equal to 40% of the Minimum Price, subject to adjustment by the Company to an amount between 20% and 40% of the Minimum
Price. Each Advance will be for at least $1 million.

An
advance to any Investor may not exceed the greater of 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Investor, unless otherwise
agreed in writing. Any portion of an Advance that would exceed this limitation for any Investor will automatically be withdrawn with
no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice will be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount
of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion for that Investor. In such cases, the Investor will promptly notify
the Company of the adjustment.

The
Agreement will automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) three years from the Effective Date and (ii) the date on which the Investors
have made payment of Advances equal to their respective portion of the Commitment Amount. The Company has the right to terminate the
Agreement without liability or penalty by providing five trading days prior written notice to the Investors, provided that there
are no outstanding Advance Notices requiring the issuance of Shares.

The
Agreement and the parties rights and obligations thereunder may not be assigned to any other Person, except as follows: (i) the
Company may assign the Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations thereunder, to any of its Affiliates, successors, or in connection
with a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or other similar corporate transaction without the prior
written consent of the Investors, and (ii) an Investor may assign its rights or obligations under the Agreement to any other Person,
subject to the prior written consent of the Company, provided that such Person executes and delivers a joinder agreement (Joinder
Agreement) agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

Amendments
or waivers to the Agreement must be made in writing and signed by the parties thereto. However, if additional investors are admitted
through a Joinder Agreement, Investor Allocation will be automatically amended and incorporated into the Agreement without the need for
further action by the parties to reflect the addition of the additional investors name and the portion allocated to such investor,
and such investor will be bound by all terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.

The
net proceeds received by the Company under the Agreement will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sells Shares to
the Investors. The Company expects that any proceeds received from such sales to the Investors will be used for working capital and general
corporate purposes.

As
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K), the Company has not issued any Advance Notices.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K about the Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

The
following exhibits are filed with this report:

Exhibit

Number Description
of Document

10.1 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated January 28, 2025, between Inno Holdings Inc. and the Investors.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

By:
/s/
Ding Wei

Name:
Ding
Wei

Title:
CEO

Date:
January 29, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

STANDBY
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of January 28, 2025 (the
Effective Date), by and between INNO HOLDINGS INC., a Texas corporation (the Company), and
the investors listed on the signature pages hereto (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue
and sell to the Investors, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investors shall purchase from the Company, up to Fifteen Million
Dollars ($15,000,000) (the Commitment Amount) of the Companys shares of common stock, no par value per share
(the Common Stock);

WHEREAS,
the Common Stock is listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol INHD; and

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the Common Stock issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made
hereunder.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, and agreements herein contained and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms when utilized in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires, shall have the meanings indicated, which meanings shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such
terms:

Advance
Date means the first (1st) Trading Day on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) immediately following
the delivery of an Advance Notice by the Company to the Investor, and prior to the market open on such Trading Day.

Advance
Notice means a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the
Company and setting forth the amount of an Advance that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor.

Advance
Notice Date means each date the Company delivers (in accordance with Section 2.1(b) of this Agreement) to the Investor
an Advance Notice, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance
Stock means the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor as requested by
the Company in an Advance Notice.

Advances
means any issuance and sale from the Company to the Investor pursuant to Article II hereof.

Affiliate
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such Person; provided, however, that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Investor
or any of its Affiliates. For this purpose, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlled by
and under common control with) shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract
or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Applicable
Laws means all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines,
and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation
(i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping, and reporting, (ii) all applicable
laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Commitment
Amount shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Commitment
Period means the period commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until the date that is three (3) years from the Effective
Date unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 7.1.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Condition
Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Effective
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.9.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Extraordinary
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(d).

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.9.

Investor
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Investor
Allocation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Material
Adverse Effect means any event, occurrence, or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material
adverse effect on the legality, validity, or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under this Agreement; provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall
not be deemed, in and itself, to constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

2

Minimum
Price means $3.75.

Nasdaq
shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Advance Date.

OFAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.16.

Person
means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal
Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market, provided, however, that in the event the Common Stock is ever listed
or traded on the NYSE, the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The Nasdaq Global Select Market, then the Principal Market
shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Purchase
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Restricted
Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Sanctioned
Countries shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.16.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.16.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.

Securities
Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Settlement
Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to an Advance.

Standstill
Period shall mean, in the case of the Investor, the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earliest of
(i) the three (3) year anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the effective date of a change of control event in the Company.

Subsidiaries
means, with respect to the Company, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which the Company, directly
or indirectly, owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding equity interests or has the power to direct the management and policies
of such entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

Trading
Day means any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

3

ARTICLE
II

ADVANCES

2.1 Advances;
Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Company, at its sole
discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investors, his, her, or its respective portion of
the Shares in accordance with their allocated commitment, as set forth in Schedule 2.1 attached hereto (Investor Allocation),
at a purchase price equal to forty percent (40%) of the Minimum Price (the Purchase Price); provided that
the Company, at its sole discretion, may adjust the Purchase Price to an amount equal to between $0.75 and $1.50. In no event shall the
Purchase Price equal less than $0.75, which equals twenty percent (20%) of the Minimum Price. Each Investors obligation to purchase
Shares shall be limited to their respective portion of the Commitment Amount, as specified in Schedule 2.1, and the Investor shall
purchase from the Company, Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices as provided herein.

(a) Advance
Notice. The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of the Advance it desires to issue and sell to the Investor
in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice; provided, however, that each Advance shall
be allocated among the Investors in proportion to their respective Investor Allocation; provided, further, that each Advance
shall be for at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000). The Investor shall acknowledge receipt of the Advance Notice within one (1) business
day of delivery.

(i) The
Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of the Advance it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance
Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice; provided, however, that each Advance shall be allocated
among the Investors in proportion to their respective Investor Allocation.

(ii) Each
Investors obligation to purchase Shares shall be limited to their respective portion of the Commitment Amount, as specified in
the Investor Allocation. The Company shall have the sole discretion to request funds from any Investor, in any order or proportion, at
any time during the Commitment Period, provided that no Investor shall be required to fund more than their allocated portion unless
otherwise agreed in writing. In the event an Investor does not fulfill their funding obligations within the required time frame, the
Company may, at its option, request the outstanding amount from any other Investor, provided that if the Company is unable to
secure sufficient funds from the other Investors, the defaulting Investor shall be required to find a suitable replacement Investor to
fulfill the funding obligation within 30 days, which replacement to be reasonably acceptable to the Company.

(iii) There
shall be no mandatory Advances and no non-usages fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(b) Date
of Delivery of Advance Notice. Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of
Exhibit A attached hereto. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the day it is sent by the Company if such notice
is sent by email on or before 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time or (ii) the immediately succeeding day if it is sent by email after 9:00 a.m. Eastern
Time, in each case in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit B.

(c) Advance
Limitations. Regardless of the amount of an Advance requested by the Company in the Advance Notice, in no event shall an Advance
to any Investor exceed the greater of 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Investor unless otherwise agreed in
writing by the parties hereto. In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed this limitation for
any Investor shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be deemed
automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion for that
Investor; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and modification, the Investor will promptly notify the
Company of such event.

4

(d) Issuance
of Shares. The Investor acknowledges that the Shares will be issued as restricted securities and will bear appropriate
restrictive legends in accordance with the Securities Act.

(e) Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investors receipt of a
valid Advance Notice, the parties hereto shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both parties for the
purchase and sale of Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.2 Closings.
The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Advance Stock (each, a Closing, and the first Closing to occur
on or after the date of this Agreement, the First Closing) shall take place on the Advance Date in accordance with
the procedures set forth below. In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as
set forth below:

(a) On
each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B attached
hereto (each a Settlement Document), setting forth the final number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor (taking
into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.1), the Purchase Price, and the aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor
to the Company, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Promptly
after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later than one (1) Trading Day after such
receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer such number of Shares to be purchased by the
Investor (as set forth in the Settlement Document) by crediting the Investors account or its designees account at The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by
the parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been requested. Immediately upon receipt of
such notification, the Investor shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document)
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit notification to the Company
that such funds transfer has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded to the
next higher whole number of shares.

(c) On
or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents, instruments, and writings
expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated
herein or as reasonably requested.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, or in disclosure schedules, if any, which such disclosure schedules shall be deemed a part hereof
and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise made herein solely to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding
section of the disclosure schedules or in another Section of the disclosure schedules, only to the extent that it is reasonably apparent
on the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such Section, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor
that, as of the Effective Date, each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date (other than representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date), that:

3.1 Organization
and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Texas, and has the
requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified
to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have
a Material Adverse Effect.

5

3.2
Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and any other transaction documents and
to issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and
the other transaction documents, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been or
(with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized and approved by the Board and its shareholders, and no further consent or authorization
will be required by the Company, the Board, or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other transaction documents to which it is a
party have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor,
constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal
or state securities law.

3.3 Authorization
of the Shares. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased by the Investor
pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the Board or a duly authorized committee
thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, or its shareholders, against payment therefor as provided herein, duly and validly
authorized and issued and fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest, or other
claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, or other similar rights.

3.4
No Conflict. The execution, delivery, and performance of the transaction documents by
the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the
issuance of the Common Stock) will not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of
the Company (with respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated
hereby are consummated), (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which the Company is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, or decree
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company
is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations that would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.5 SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25
under the Exchange Act) all reports, schedules, forms, statements, and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant
to the Exchange Act for the one (1) year preceding the Effective Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation
to file such material) (all of the foregoing filed within one year preceding the Effective Date or amended after the Effective Date,
or filed after the Effective Date, and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein, and all registration statements filed by the Company under the Securities Act (including any Registration Statements
filed hereunder), being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents).

6

3.6
Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included
or incorporated by reference in SEC Documents, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows,
and changes in stockholders equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
applied on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the
case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or
may be condensed or summary statements, and (iii) such adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate)
during the periods involved.

3.7 Equity
Capitalization. As of the Effective Date, the authorized capital of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As
of the Effective Date, the Company had 4,410,482 shares of Common Stock outstanding. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on the Principal Market under the trading symbol INHD. The Company has
taken no action designed to, or reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange
Act or delisting the Common Stock from the Principal Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents prior to the Effective Date, to
the Companys knowledge, it (i) is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market and (ii) has
not received any notification that the SEC or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

3.8 Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks, trade names, service marks,
service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations,
trade secrets, and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as would not cause a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has not received written notice of any infringement by the Company of trademark, trade name rights, patents,
patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets, except as
would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no material claim, action, or proceeding being made
or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against the Company regarding trademark, trade name, patents,
patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret, or other infringement;
and, except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise
to any of the foregoing.

3.9 Environmental
Laws. The Company (i) has not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all Environmental
Laws (as defined below), (ii) has received all permits, licenses, or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws
to conduct its business, and (iii) has not received written notice alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any
such permit, license, or approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all applicable
federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface, or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases, or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands,
or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices, or notice letters, orders, permits, plans, or regulations issued, entered,
promulgated, or approved thereunder.

7

3.10 Title.
Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and
material assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim, or equitable interest other than
such as are not material to the business of the Company. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by
them under valid, subsisting, and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made
and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company.

3.11 Regulatory
Permits. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates,
authorizations, and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective
businesses, and the Company not has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such
certificate, authorization, or permits.

3.12 Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization, or body pending against or affecting the Company or the Common Stock, wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling, or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.13 Tax
Status. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal, and state
income and all other tax returns, reports, and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports, and declarations, except those being contested in good faith, and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports, or declarations apply. Except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has not received written notification any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim where failure
to pay would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

3.14 Certain
Transactions. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length investor
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not
acting as a financial or investment advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder.
The Company acknowledged and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks,
and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.15 Finders
Fees. The Company has not incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions, or similar payments in connection
with the transactions herein contemplated.

3.16 Sanctions
Matters. Neither the Company, nor any director, officer of the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any employee, agent,
Affiliate, or representative of the Company or any director or officer of any of its subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or
controlled by a Person that is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office
of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury,
or other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and
Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor (ii) located, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with
that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea region of the Ukraine, Russia, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and
Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)). The Company will not, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds
from the sale of Shares, or lend, contribute, or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner, or
other Person (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time
of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (B) in any other manner that will result
in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transactions contemplated by
this agreement, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise). For the past one (1) year, the Company has not engaged in,
and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing
or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country.

8

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof, each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date (other than
representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such
certain date), that:

4.1
Organization; Ownership. The Investor, if an entity, is duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to own,
operate, and lease its properties and to carry on its business as it is being conducted on the date of this Agreement.

4.2
Authorization; Sufficient Funds; No Conflicts.

(a)
The Investor has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other
transaction documents to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions to which it is a party. The execution, delivery, and
performance by the Investor of this Agreement, and the other transaction documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the
transactions to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on behalf of the Investor. No other proceedings
on the part of the Investor are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and
the other transaction documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions to which it is a party. This Agreement
and the other transaction documents to which it is a party has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Investor. This Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which the Investor is a party is a valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable against
the Investor in accordance with its terms.

(b)
As of the Effective Date, the Investor has or has access to and, as of the Advance Date, the
Investor will have cash in immediately available funds sufficient to pay the portion of his, her, or its Commitment Amount as set forth
in the Investor Allocation.

(c) The
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Investor is a party by the Investor,
the consummation by the Investor of the transactions to which it is a party and the compliance by the Investor with any of the provisions
hereof and thereof will not conflict with, violate, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default under, or result
in the termination of or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration under, (i) any provision
of the Investors organizational documents, if an entity, (ii) any mortgage, note, indenture, deed of trust, lease, license, loan
agreement, or other agreement binding upon the Investor, or (iii) any permit, government license, judgment, order, decree, ruling, injunction,
statute, law, ordinance, rule, or regulation applicable to the Investor or any of its Affiliates, other than in the cases of clauses
(ii) and (iii) as would not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect or delay the consummation of the transactions to
which it is a party by the Investor.

4.3 Consents
and Approvals. No consent, approval, order, or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or exemption or review
by, any Governmental Authority is required on the part of the Investor in connection with the execution, delivery, and performance by
the Investor of this Agreement and the other transaction documents to which it is a party and the consummation by the Investor of the
transactions to which it is a party, except any consent, approval, order, authorization, registration, declaration, filing, exemption,
or review the failure of which to be obtained or made, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to adversely
affect or delay the consummation of the transactions to which it is a party by the Investor.

9

4.4 Securities
Act Representations.

(a)
Certain Representations.

(i)
The Investor is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act) and is
aware that the sale of the Shares is being made in reliance on a private placement exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
The Investor is acquiring the Shares for his, her, or its own account, and not with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any
distribution thereof in violation of any federal or state securities or blue sky law, or with any present intention of
distributing or selling such Shares in violation of the Securities Act. The Investor has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of his, her, or its investment in such Shares and is capable
of bearing the economic risks of such investment. The Investor has been provided a reasonable opportunity to undertake and has undertaken
such investigation and has been provided with and has evaluated such documents and information as it has deemed necessary to enable it
to make an informed and intelligent decision with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The Investor represents that he, she, or it is not an Affiliate of the Company within the
meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents.

(ii) Neither
the Investor nor any of his, her, or its Affiliates is acting in concert, and neither the Investor nor any of his, her, or its Affiliates
has any agreement or understanding, with any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Investor, and is not otherwise a member of a group
(as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), with respect to the Company or its securities, in each case, other than
in connection with the transactions contemplated in the transaction documents or with respect to any bona fide loan from one or more
financial institutions.

(iii) The
Investor understands that, until such time as the Shares have been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, or the Shares are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Shares will bear a restrictive legend substantially
as follows: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. Additionally, if
required by the authorities of any state in connection with the issuance or sale of the Shares, such Shares shall bear the legend required
by such state authority.

(b)
Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized, or been represented
by, or otherwise become obligated to, any broker, placement agent, financial advisor, or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other transaction documents to which it is party whose fees the Company would be required to pay.

(c)
Ownership of Shares. Except as expressly set forth on a previously filed Schedule
13G or Schedule 13D filed on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system with the SEC, neither the Investor nor any
of his, her, or its Affiliates beneficially owns any additional shares of Common Stock (without giving effect to the issuance of the
Shares hereunder).

10

(d)
Regulatory Matters. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no actions, suits, investigations,
audits, or other similar proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Investor, threatened in writing against the Investor or any
of its Affiliates or control persons, which would, or would reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair
the ability of the Investor to execute or perform his, her, or its material obligations under this Agreement, including consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and none of the Investor or any of their Affiliates or control persons has received written
notification or, to the knowledge of the Investor, oral notice or communication from any Governmental Authority that such Governmental
Authority would oppose the transactions contemplated hereby or refuse to grant or issue his, her, or its consent or approval, if required,
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor is not, and is not owned or controlled by, a person or entity that
is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC or any other relevant governmental authority, or (ii) located, organized,
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of comprehensive sanctions.

4.5 Conflict
of Interest. The Investor represents that neither it nor its Affiliates hold any interest that would reasonably be expected to create
a conflict of interest with the Company.

4.6 No
Additional Representations.

(a)
The Investor acknowledges that the Company does not make any representation or warranty as
to any matter whatsoever except as expressly set forth in Article III and in any certificate delivered by the Company pursuant
to this Agreement, and specifically, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, that, except as expressly set forth in Article
III and in any certificate delivered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Company makes no representation or warranty with
respect to (i) any matters relating to the Company, its business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, or otherwise,
(ii) any projections, estimates, or budgets delivered or made available to the Investor (or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors,
employees, or other representatives) of future revenues, results of operations (or any component thereof), cash flows, or financial condition
(or any component thereof) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (iii) the future business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and the Investor has not relied on or been induced by such information or any other representations or warranties (whether express or
implied or made orally or in writing) not expressly set forth in Article III and in any certificate delivered by the Company pursuant
to this Agreement.

(b)
The Investor has conducted his, her, or its own independent review and analysis of the business,
operations, assets, liabilities, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the Company and acknowledges the Investor
has been provided with sufficient access for such purposes. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations
and warranties expressly set forth in Article III and in any certificate delivered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement,
(i) no person has been authorized by the Company to make any representation or warranty relating to itself or its business or otherwise
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and if made, such representation or warranty must not be relied upon by the
Investor as having been authorized by the Company, and (ii) any estimates, projections, predictions, data, financial information, memoranda,
presentations, or any other materials or information provided or addressed to the Investor or any of his, her, or its Affiliates or representatives
are not and shall not be deemed to be or include representations or warranties of the Company unless any such materials or information
are the subject of any express representation or warranty set forth in Article III of this Agreement and in any certificate delivered
by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. In addition, the Investor acknowledges that it is not relying upon, and has not relied upon,
any statement, representation, or warranty made by any representative of the Company.

11

ARTICLE
V

ADDITIONAL
COVENANTS

The
Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the
benefit of the other party, during the Commitment Period:

5.1
Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable
Laws, including federal and state securities laws, and shall ensure compliance with all applicable Listing Rules of Nasdaq.

5.2
Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their
respective officers, directors, or controlling persons will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result
in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Stock, (ii) engage in any activity that could reasonably be expected
to result in a violation of Listing Rules of Nasdaq or anti-manipulation regulations of the SEC, including Regulation M, or (iii) knowingly
pay any third party compensation for soliciting purchases of the Shares that would require disclosure under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(b)(3),
except as required by Applicable Law or regulation.

5.3 Selling
Restrictions. The Investor covenants that during the Commitment Period, neither of the Restricted Persons shall, directly or indirectly,
including the Investor, its officers, directors, affiliates, and any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the
Restricted Persons and, each a Restricted Person) shall, directly or indirectly: (i) engage
in any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock, (ii)
enter into any agreement or arrangement that has the effect of establishing a net short position with respect to the Common Stock, or
(iii) otherwise engage in any market transactions that could reasonably be expected to manipulate or depress the market price of the
Common Stock, with respect to each of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) hereof, either for its own principal account or for the principal
account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein
shall be construed to prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under
Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO) the Shares owned and fully paid for, or (2) selling a number of Common Stock equal to the
number of Shares that such Restricted Person is unconditionally obligated to purchase under a pending Advance Notice and has not yet
received from the Company or its transfer agent pursuant to this Agreement, provided that such sales comply with applicable securities
laws and Listing Rules of Nasdaq. The Investor shall provide the Company with such documentation as the Company may reasonably request
to verify compliance with this Section 5.3.

5.4 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned to any other Person; provided, however,
that the Company may assign this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, to any of its Affiliates, successors, or in
connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or other similar corporate transaction without
the prior written consent of the Investors; provided, further, that any Investor may assign its rights or obligations under
this Agreement to any other Person, subject to the prior written consent of the Company, provided that such Person executes and
delivers a joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (Joinder Agreement) agreeing
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.5 Standstill.
The Investor agrees that during the Standstill Period, it shall not, and shall cause each of its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly,
in any manner, alone or in concert with others take any of the following actions without the prior consent of the Company:

(a) make,
engage in, or in any way participate in any solicitation of proxies (as such terms are used in the proxy rules of the SEC
but without regard to the exclusion set forth in Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)), or consents to vote with respect to any consent of holders of
Common Stock, or seek to advise, encourage, or influence any person with respect to the voting of any securities of the Company for the
election of individuals to the Board or to approve any proposals submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Company that have not
been authorized and approved, or recommended for approval, by the Board, or become a participant in any contested solicitation
(as such terms are defined or used under the Exchange Act) for the election of directors with respect to the Company, other than a solicitation
or acting as a participant in support of all of the nominees of the Board at any shareholder meeting, or make or be the
proponent of any stockholder proposal (pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or otherwise);

12

(b) form,
join, encourage, influence, advise, or in any way participate in any group (as such term is defined in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) with any persons who are not its Affiliates with respect to any securities of the Company or otherwise in any manner
agree, attempt, seek, or propose to deposit any securities of the Company or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable
for any such securities in any voting trust or similar arrangement, or subject any securities of the Company to any arrangement or agreement
with respect to the voting thereof, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement;

(c)
acquire, offer, or propose to acquire, or agree to acquire, directly or indirectly, whether
by purchase, tender, or exchange offer, through the acquisition of control of another person, by joining a partnership, limited partnership,
syndicate, or other group (including any group of persons that would be treated as a single person under Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act), through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any securities of the Company or any rights decoupled from the
underlying securities that would result in the Investor (together with its Affiliates), owning more than 19.99% of the Companys
Common Stock.

(d)
offer or propose to effect, or intentionally assist or facilitate any other person to offer
or propose to effect any tender or exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, scheme of arrangement, business combination, recapitalization,
reorganization, sale, or acquisition of all or substantially all assets, liquidation, dissolution, or other extraordinary transaction
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or joint ventures or any of their respective securities (each, an Extraordinary
Transaction); provided, however, that this clause shall not preclude the vote by the Investor or any of its
Affiliates of any voting securities of the Company with respect to any Extraordinary Transaction in accordance with the recommendation
of the Board;

(e)
(i) call or seek to call any meeting of shareholders of the Company, including by written consent,
(ii) seek representation on the Board, except as expressly set forth herein, (iii) seek the removal of any member of the Board, (iv)
solicit consents from shareholders or otherwise act or seek to act by written consent with respect to the Company, (v) conduct a referendum
of shareholders of the Company, or (vi) make a request for any stockholder list, whether pursuant to Section 21.218 of the Texas Business
Organizations Code or otherwise;

(f)
take any action in support of or make any proposal or request that constitutes (i) controlling
or changing the Board or management of the Company, including any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to
fill any vacancies on the Board, or (ii) any other material change in the Companys management, business, or corporate structure;

(g)
make or issue, or cause to be made or issued, any public disclosure, announcement, or statement
regarding any intent, purpose, plan, or proposal with respect to the Board, the Company, its management, policies, or affairs, any of
its securities or assets or this Agreement that is inconsistent with the foregoing; or

(h)
publicly announce an intention to do, or to enter into any discussions, negotiations, agreements,
or understandings with any third-party with respect to, any of the foregoing, or advise, assist, knowingly encourage, or seek to persuade
any third-party to take any action or make any statement with respect to any of the foregoing.

The
restrictions set forth in this Section 5.5 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

13

5.6 Hardship.
In the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2,
the Investor agrees that in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
specific performance, it will hold the Company harmless against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements, court costs, and any consequential damages), whether direct
or indirect, foreseeable or unforeseeable, as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and acknowledges
that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Company shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other
rules of the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

5.7 Registration
and Listing. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Common Stock to
continue to be registered as a class of securities under Sections 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and to comply with its reporting and filing
obligations under the Exchange Act, and shall not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act) to terminate or suspend such registration or to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under
the Exchange Act or Securities Act, except as permitted herein. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue
the listing and trading of its Common Stock and the listing of the Shares purchased by the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market
and to comply with the Companys reporting, filing, and other obligations under the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.
The Company shall not take any action which could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock
on the Principal Market. If the Company receives any final and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Principal Market shall be terminated on a date certain, the Company shall promptly, and in any case within twenty-four (24) hours,
notify the Investor of such fact in writing and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Common Stock to be listed
or quoted on another stock market in the United States. The Investor shall not take any action, directly or indirectly, that could reasonably
be expected to jeopardize the Companys compliance with its registration and listing obligations.

5.8 Private
Placement Compliance. The Company shall ensure that any issuance of the Shares is conducted in compliance with applicable securities
laws. The Company shall provide the Investor with documentation as reasonably requested to confirm compliance with Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, Rule 506 of Regulation D, or any other applicable exemptions from registration, in connection with the transfer of
any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement to any third party, including, without limitation, legal opinions. The Investor agrees to
provide any necessary information, representations, and certifications as reasonably requested by the Company to facilitate compliance
with applicable exemptions from registration under federal and state securities laws. The Investor further agrees to cooperate with the
Company in any required regulatory filings or due diligence processes related to such compliance.

ARTICLE
VI

CONDITIONS
AND CERTIFICATIONS RELATED TO ADVANCE NOTICES

6.1
Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Advance Notice. The right
of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance is subject to the
satisfaction by the Company, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date), of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects except for such representations and warranties that expressly speak as of an earlier date,
which shall remain true and correct as of such earlier date.

14

(b) Shareholder
Approval. Shareholder Approval must have been obtained and the corporate action relating to the Shareholder Approval shall be deemed
effective in accordance with applicable SEC rules and regulations. Shareholder Approval means the approval by the
shareholders of the Company, in accordance with Applicable Law and the Texas Business Organizations Code, of the issuance of all Shares
issuable pursuant to this Agreement, including any potential issuance of Shares requiring approval by the shareholders in order to comply
with the Listing Rules of Nasdaq.

(c)
Performance by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied, and complied
in all material respects with all applicable covenants, agreements, and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied,
or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(d) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling, or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
or endorsed by any court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially, and adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) No
Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Stock. The Common Stock is quoted for trading on the Principal Market and all of
the Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice will be listed or quoted for trading on the Principal Market. The issuance
of Common Stock with respect to the applicable Advance Notice will not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the Principal
Market.

(f) Authorized.
There shall be a sufficient number of authorized and unissued and otherwise unreserved Shares for the issuance of all of the Shares issuable
pursuant to such Advance Notice during the Commitment Period.

(i)
Executed Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

By
accepting an Advance Notice, the Investor hereby certifies that the representations and warranties set forth in Article IV remain
true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Advance Notice. The Investor further acknowledges that, upon the Companys
request, the Investor shall promptly provide a signed written certification in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, confirming
the accuracy of such representations and warranties. The failure of such representations and warranties to remain true, or the failure
of the Investor to provide such written certification upon request, shall constitute an event of default under this Agreement.

ARTICLE
VII

TERMINATION

7.1 Termination.

(a)
Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically
with respect to an Investor on the earlier date of: (i) the date on which such Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant
to this Agreement for Common Stock equal to their respective portion of the Commitment Amount; and (ii) the expiration of the Commitment
Period. The Agreement shall remain in effect for any remaining Investors until the full Commitment Amount has been utilized or the Agreement
is otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms.

(b)
The Company may terminate this Agreement with respect to any specific Investor (i) effective
upon five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to such Investor, without liability or penalty, provided that there are
no outstanding Advance Notices under which any Shares have yet to be issued to such Investor; or (ii) immediately upon written notice
if (A) such Investor materially breaches any representation, warranty, or covenant under this Agreement or fails to comply with any applicable
securities laws or the Listing Rules of Nasdaq, if applicable, or (B) such Investor becomes subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, or
similar proceeding.

15

(c) This
Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the Company and the affected Investor(s), effective as of the
date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided therein. The termination of this Agreement with respect to any Investor
shall not affect the obligations of the remaining Investors under this Agreement.

(d) Nothing
in this Section 7.1 shall be deemed to release any Investor from liability for any prior breach of this Agreement or to impair
the Companys right to seek injunctive relief, damages, or other equitable remedies, including the right to compel specific performance
of such Investors obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE
VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Indemnification
by Investor. In consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of each Investors
other obligations under this Agreement, each Investor, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company
and its affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Company
Indemnitees), from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, penalties, costs, and expenses, including,
without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities),
incurred by any Company Indemnitee arising out of, resulting from, or relating to: (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation,
warranty, or covenant made by the Investor in this Agreement or any certificate or document delivered pursuant hereto; (ii) any violation
or alleged violation of applicable securities laws, stock exchange rules, or other legal requirements by the Investor in connection with
its sale, disposition, or transfer of the Shares; and (iii) any claim brought against the Company as a result of the Investors
failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any misrepresentation made to third parties regarding the Investors
interest in the Shares. To the extent that the foregoing indemnification may be unenforceable under applicable law, the Investor shall
contribute the maximum amount permissible under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of any Indemnified Liabilities.

8.2 Indemnification
by Company. Subject to the limitations set forth herein, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its affiliates,
officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees, and agents (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees)
from and against any Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Investor Indemnitees solely to the extent arising from: (i) any material
misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or warranty expressly made by the Company in this Agreement; (ii) any failure
by the Company to comply with its SEC reporting obligations necessary to maintain the registration of the Shares, provided such
failure is not due to any act or omission of the Investor; and (iii) any violation by the Company of federal or state securities laws
in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, excluding any such violations resulting from actions or omissions by the Investor.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys indemnification obligations shall not apply to any losses arising from changes in
market conditions, actions or omissions of the Investor, or any misrepresentations made by the Investor in connection with its participation
under this Agreement.

8.3 Notice
of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding, including, without limitation,
any governmental action, involving an Indemnified Liability, such Indemnitee shall, if a claim for indemnification is to be made under
this Article IX, deliver written notice of the commencement thereof to the indemnifying party. Failure to promptly notify the
indemnifying party shall not relieve it of liability hereunder except to the extent that such failure materially prejudices the indemnifying
partys ability to defend the claim. The indemnifying party shall have the right to assume control of the defense of such action
with mutually agreed counsel; provided, however, that the Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel at
its own expense if separate representation is required due to a conflict of interest. The Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying
party in defense of any such claim. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any claim without its prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

16

8.4 Remedies.
The indemnification remedies provided in this Article IX shall be the sole and exclusive remedies available to the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter herein and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

8.5 Limitation
of Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no party shall be liable to any other party for any punitive,
special, incidental, or consequential damages, except to the extent such damages are awarded to a third party in connection with a third-party
claim for which indemnification is provided under this Agreement. The total indemnification liability of the Company under this Agreement
shall not exceed the aggregate amount of proceeds received from the Investors.

ARTICLE
IX

MISCELLANEOUS

9.1 Non-Exclusive
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Agreement is non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout
the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares, convertible notes, bonds, debentures,
options to acquire shares, or other securities or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Stock or other securities
of the Company, and to extend, renew, or recycle any bonds or debentures, or grant any rights with respect to its existing or future
share capital.

9.2 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the
principles of conflict of laws. The parties hereto further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New
York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and
the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil
action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

9.3 Notices.
Other than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section
2.1, any notice, request, instruction, consent, or other communication to be given hereunder by any party hereto to the other parties
shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given when delivered personally or one (1) business day after being sent by overnight courier
or three (3) business days after being sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or when sent by email transmission, to
the addresses or e-mails as provided by the other parties or to such other Persons as may be designated in writing in accordance with
this Section by the party to receive such notice.

9.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically
scanned and delivered signatures, including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Agreement.

9.5 Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their
respective Affiliates, and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the
entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither
the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant, or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision
of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement; provided,
however, in the event of the admission of additional investors pursuant to a Joinder Agreement, Schedule 2.1 shall be automatically
amended and incorporated into this Agreement without the need for further action by the parties to reflect the addition of the additional
investors name and the portion allocated to such investor, and such investor shall be bound by all terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

9.6 Further
Assurances. Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, and agreements, and to take such
further actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and to comply
with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including without limitation, providing additional documentation required to satisfy
the conditions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Rule 506 of Regulation D, or any other applicable exemptions from registration,
if applicable.

9.7 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect; provided that the economic and legal substance of, any of the transactions contemplated
herein is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. In the event of any such determination, the parties agree
to negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement to fulfill as closely as possible the original intent and purpose hereof. To the
extent permitted by law, the parties hereby to the same extent waive any provision of law that renders any provision hereof prohibited
or unenforceable in any respect.

[Signature
page follows]

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY

INNO HOLDINGS INC.,

a Texas corporation

By: /s/ Ding Wei

Name: Ding Wei

Title: CEO

Signature
Page to Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first set forth above.

INVESTOR

/s/ [############################]

[############################]

Signature
Page to Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

SCHEDULE
2.1

INVESTOR
ALLOCATION

(See
attached.)

S.2.1-1

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF ADVANCE NOTICE

INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

Dated: Advance
Notice Number: ____

The
undersigned ,__________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of Common Stock of Inno Holdings Inc. (the Company)
issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of January
28, 2025 (the Agreement), as follows (with capitalized terms used herein without definition having the same meanings
as given to them in the Agreement):

1. The
undersigned is the duly elected _________ of the Company.

2. The
Company has complied with all applicable securities laws, including Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D, and has obtained the necessary investment representations from the Investor.

3. The
Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed by the Company contained in this Agreement
on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4. The
number of Advance Stock the Company is requesting is_____________.

5. The
Common Stock Price is __________.

The
undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Please
deliver this Advance Notice by email to:

Email:
__________________

Attention:
__________________

Confirmation
Telephone Number: __________________

A-1

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA
EMAIL

INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

Attn:

Email:

Below
please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Number
of Advance Stock requested in the Advance Notice:

2. Common
Stock Price:

3. Number
of Advance Stock due to the Investor:

4. Total
Purchase Price due to Company:

B-1

EXHIBIT
C

JOINDER
AGREEMENT

THIS
JOINDER AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made entered into and made effective as of ______________, 202__, by and between
INNO HOLDINGS INC., a Texas corporation (the Company), and the undersigned investor (the Investor),
with respect to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of January 28, 2025 (the SEPA).

1.
Joinder. By signing below, the Investor acknowledges and agrees to be bound by all the
terms and conditions of the SEPA as if the Investor were an original signatory thereto. The Investor Allocation in Schedule 2.1 of the
SEPA is hereby amended to include the undersigned Investors portion in the amount equal to $[*].

2.
Investors Commitment. The Investor agrees to comply with the obligations, covenants,
and terms set forth in the SEPA, and confirms that the Investors allocation, commitment, and other details, as applicable, will
be incorporated into the SEPA. The Investor agrees to comply with the obligations, covenants, and terms set forth in the SEPA, and confirms
that the Investors allocation, commitment, and other details, as applicable, will be incorporated into the SEPA.

3. Representation.
The Investor represents that it has the authority to enter into this Agreement and that it has received a copy of the SEPA, and understands
its terms, and is willing to be bound by them.

4. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

5. Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, which together shall constitute a single instrument.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Joinder Agreement as of the date first written above.

INVESTOR

[*]

ACCEPTED
AND ACKNOWLEDGED:

COMPANY 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC., 

a
Texas corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>inhd-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>inhd-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>inhd-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41882

Entity Registrant Name INNO
HOLDINGS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001961847

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-4294543

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 2465
Farm Market 359 South

Entity Address, City or Town Brookshire

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77423

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 909-8800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol INHD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://innoholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
inhd-20250127.xsd 
inhd-20250127_lab.xml 
inhd-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004149-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001961847 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001961847 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
INNO HOLDINGS INC. 
TX 
001-41882 
87-4294543 
2465 Farm Market 359 South 
Brookshire 
TX 
77423 
(800) 
909-8800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
INHD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>