<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004617.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004617.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203091541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004617
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freight Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001687542
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38172
		FILM NUMBER:		25580862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 TIMBERLOCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(773) 905-5076

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 TIMBERLOCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hudson Capital Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Internet Nationwide Financial Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161014
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168754200016875422025-01-312025-01-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 31, 2025

FREIGHT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British
Virgin Islands 001-38172 87-2792157

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

2001
Timberloch Place, Suite 500, The Woodlands, TX 77380

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code (773) 905-5076

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary
Shares, no par value FRGT The
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 3, 2025, Freight Technologies, Inc. (the Company) completed a private placement with certain investors, wherein
a total of 1,540,832 Series A4 preferred shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Shares), with
each investor receiving 770,416 Preferred Shares, for a total purchase price of approximately $3,000,000 (the Offering).
The Offering raised net cash proceeds of approximately $2.9 million (after deducting the transfer agent and legal fees and expenses of
the Offering). The Company intends to use the net cash proceeds from the Offering for working capital and corporate purposes. Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association filed with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs of the British Virgins
Islands on January 31, 2025 (the Amended and Restated M&A), each Preferred Share is immediately convertible
on the date of issuance, by dividing the respective Series A Reference Price (as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A) of such
Preferred Share by the applicable conversion price (the Preferred Shares Conversion Price) at the option of the shareholder
thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the shareholder thereof, into such
number of fully paid and non-assessable ordinary shares, with no par value per share, of the Company (the Ordinary Shares).
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated M&A, the Preferred Shares Conversion Price shall be the greater of (i) the lowest daily VWAP
(as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A) of the Ordinary Shares in the seven (7) consecutive Trading Day (as defined in the Amended
and Restated M&A) period immediately preceding the date of the conversion of the applicable Preferred Share and (ii) the Series A4
Conversion Price Floor (as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A).

In
connection with the Offering, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the
investors containing customary representations and warranties. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement the Company will be required to file
a resale registration statement (the Registration Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
to register for resale the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, no later than March 30, 2025, and shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective at the as soon as possible thereafter,
but in any event no later than 90 days of the Closing Date (as defined under the Purchase Agreement). The Company will be obliged to
pay certain liquidated damages to the investors if the Company fails to file the Registration Statement when required, fails to file
or cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC when required, or fails to maintain the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. The maximum amount of such liquidated damages payable shall not
exceed 20% of the aggregate reference price of the Preferred Shares sold hereunder.

The
Offering was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) pursuant
to the exemption for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule
506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. Each of the investors
represented that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D and was acquiring the securities for
investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof. The securities
were offered without any general solicitation by the Company or its representatives.

The
Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the description above is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of such exhibit.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
matters described in Section 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference. In connection with the issuance
of the securities described in Item 1.01, the Company relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving a public offering.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. The press release, which is furnished to
this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

The
board of directors of the Company approved the proposed Amended and Restated M&A to change the Series A4 Conversion Price under Schedule
3.5.1(a) from $2.596 to the current Preferred Shares Conversion Price under Schedule 3.5.1(c) as disclosed above in Item 1.01. On January
31, 2025, in connection with the proposed amendment to the Amended and Restated M&A, the Company filed the Amended and Restated M&A
with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Amended and Restated M&A do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Amended and Restated M&A, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
press release and the statements contained therein include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements generally relate to future events or the Companys future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can
identify these statements because they contain words such as may, will, believes, expects,
anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, should, seeks,
future, continue, plan, target, predict, potential,
or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology that concern the Companys expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions.
Forward-looking statements relating to expectations about future results or events are based upon information available to the Company
as of todays date and are not guarantees of the future performance of the Company, and actual results may vary materially from
the results and expectations discussed. The Companys expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and
actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected, including risks and uncertainties described in the Companys Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning
the Company or other matters and attributable to the Company or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statements above. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any of these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date hereof, except as required by law.

Item
9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association dated as of January 31, 2025

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 31, 2025 by and among Freight Technologies, Inc., Freight Opportunities II LLC and Freight Opportunities II LLC

99.1 Press Release dated February 3, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 3, 2025 Freight
Technologies, Inc.

/s/
Javier Selgas

Name: Javier Selgas

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 31, 2025, between Freight Technologies, Inc.,
a British Virgin Islands business company (the Company), and each purchaser party hereto (the Purchasers
and individually, a Purchaser).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company, securities of the
Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchasers agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Conversion
Shares means the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Company
Counsel means Bevilacqua PLLC.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(v).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(a).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l).

Ordinary
Shares means the ordinary shares in the Company, with no par value per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Shares means the Series A4 preferred shares in the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed, having the terms set forth in the Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, as registered with the Registry of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands and in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6.

2

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at
any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares.

Shareholder
Approval shall mean the approval of the holders of the requisite number of the outstanding Ordinary Shares to ratify and approve
all of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including the issuance of all of Conversion Shares (as such term is
defined in each of such documents) issued and potentially issuable to the Purchasers in connection therewith, all as may be required
by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market (or any successor entity).

Subscription
Amount means, as to the Purchasers, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Shares purchased hereunder as specified
below its name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company set forth, discussed or disclosed in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New
York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

3

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Transhare Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of Bayside Center 1,
17755 US Highway 19 N., Suite 140, Clearwater, Florida and a facsimile number of (727) 269-5616, and any successor transfer agent of
the Company.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1 Securities
Purchase; Closing.

Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers agree to purchase an aggregate
1,540,832 Preferred Shares.

On
or before the Closing Date, the Company and Purchasers shall deliver to the other the Closing Deliverables as set forth in Sections 2.2(a)
and 2.2(b) below, respectively. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall
occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or remotely via the email exchange
of signatures.

2.2 Closing
Deliverables.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchasers the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company together with the Companys wire instructions and executed by the Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer;

(ii) the
Preferred Shares in book entry form registered in the name of the Purchasers to purchase up to the number of Preferred Shares set forth
for that on each Purchasers signature page hereto;

(iii) a
certificate, in form provided to the Company, executed by an officer of the Company and dated as of the Closing Date, as to (i) the resolutions
as adopted by the Companys Board of Directors in a form reasonably acceptable to Purchasers, and (ii) the memorandum and articles
of association of the Company (of which a certified version shall be attached to such certificate), each as in effect at such Closing;

(iv) evidence
acceptable to the Investor of the filing with and acceptance by the appropriate governmental authority in the British Virgin Islands
of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Freight Technologies, Inc. in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;

4

(v)
a transfer agent instruction letter in a form acceptable to such Investor duly executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent; and

(vi)
a Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying that all of the conditions to Closing
have been satisfied.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchasers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Purchasers; and

(ii) the
Purchasers Subscription Amount.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchasers required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchasers of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met or waived by
the Purchasers:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein) with the exception of the representations in Section 3.1(f) which must be true and correct in all respects;

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

5

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from
the date hereof to Closing Date, trading in the Ordinary Shares shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally on any Trading Market shall not
have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium
have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation
of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any
Trading Market, which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchasers, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase
the Preferred Shares at the Closing .

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or the Disclosure Schedules, which SEC Reports and Disclosure
Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure
contained in the corresponding section of the SEC Reports and Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Purchasers as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports and Section 3.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedule.
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

6

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d) No
Conflicts. Except as set forth on Section 3.1(d) of the Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, memorandum and articles of association, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except
in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Ordinary Shares
and Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under
applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Conversion Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Preferred Shares, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Preferred Shares are duly authorized
and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company shall at all times keep available from its duly authorized shares
the maximum number of Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the Preferred Shares. The Company understands and acknowledges that the number
of Conversion Shares will increase in certain circumstances. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Conversion
Shares upon conversion of the Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms of the Preferred Shares s absolute and unconditional, regardless
of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the Company.

(g) Capitalization.
The authorized and issued shares of the Company consists of (i) an unlimited number of Ordinary Shares, of which, 2,185,074 are issued
and outstanding, (ii) 3,000,000 Series A2 Preferred Shares of which, 634,978 are issued and outstanding, (iii) 10,000,000 Series A1A
Preferred Shares of which, 1,169,846 are issued and outstanding, (iv) 25,000 Series Seed Preferred Shares of which, 7,020 are issued
and outstanding, (v) 21,000,000 Series B Preferred Shares of which, 1,262,074 are issued and outstanding, and (vi) an unlimited number
of Series A4 Preferred Shares of which, 1,262,074 are issued and outstanding. The Company has not issued any shares since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or
any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and
sale of the Securities and as set forth on Section 3.1(g) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Ordinary Shares, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Ordinary
Shares or Share Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue Ordinary Shares or other
securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the
exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary that contain any mandatory redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all foreign, federal and state securities laws. Other than the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any shareholder,
lender, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares. There
are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys shares to which the
Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

8

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth in Section 3.1(h) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has filed all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required
by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes
thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other
off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings and is not so disclosed or that
otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been no event,
occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company
has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request
for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability,
fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the
Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would
be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that
has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in Section 3.1(j) of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity
or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof,
is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim
of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation
by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any
stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the
Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(l) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of Proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(m) [Reserved]

(n) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and as set forth in Section 3.1(n) of the Disclosure Schedule,
none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the
Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director,
or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in
excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred
on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(o) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by
the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that is effective to provide
reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii)
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP or any other criteria applicable
to such statements, and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established and maintained
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic annual report under the Exchange
Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic annual report under
the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on
their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, except as set forth in Section 3.1(o) of the Disclosure Schedule,
there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company
and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

11

(p)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(q) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Preferred Shares, will
not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(r) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary except as provided herein.

(s) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and, except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1 hereto, the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of,
terminating the registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1 hereto, the Company has not in the 12 months preceding
the date hereof received notice from any Trading Market on which Ordinary Shares are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that
the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1 hereto, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with
all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Ordinary Shares are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer. The issuance and sale of the Preferred
Shares hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

12

(t) Application
of Takeover Protections. No control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys memorandum or articles of association (or similar charter
documents) or the laws of the British Virgin Islands that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers
and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation
as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities, is applicable to
the Company.

(u) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(v)
Solvency. The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization
or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(w) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis
for any such claim.

13

(x) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act

(y) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(z) No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(aa)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchasers are
acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchasers that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(bb) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

14

(cc) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(dd) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
U.S. and foreign financial record-keeping and reporting requirements, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations
thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action, suit or Proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering
Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ee) Share
Option Plans. Each share option granted by the Company under the Companys share option plans was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys share option plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Ordinary Shares on the date such share option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No share option granted under
the Companys share option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, share options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of share options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(ff) Disclosure.
All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(gg) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Companys outstanding voting
equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together,
Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)
to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule
506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

15

(hh)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. The Purchasers hereby represent and warrant as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to
the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Each of the Purchasers is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power
and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by the Purchasers of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as
applicable, on the part of the Purchasers. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser,
and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of
the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. The Purchasers are acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The
Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Experience
of The Purchaser. The Purchasers, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchasers are able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

16

(d) Access
to Information. The Purchasers acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
exhibits and schedules thereto), the SEC Reports and all such information it considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the Securities.

(e)
Accredited Investor or Qualified Institutional Buyer. The Purchasers understand the definitions of accredited investor
within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and is either an accredited investor or qualified institutional buyer
for purposes of acquiring the Securities to be purchased by the Purchasers under this Agreement.

(f)
No Solicitation. At no time were the Purchasers presented with or solicited by any publicly issued or circulated newspaper,
mail, radio, television or other form of general advertising or solicitation in connection with the offer, sale and purchase of the Securities.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions..

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

17

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities that are certificated
in the following form:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [CONVERTIBLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON [CONVERSION]
OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a
registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Conversion
Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (iii) if such Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company
to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer
Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Legend Removal Date (as defined below) if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal
of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If any Preferred Share is exercised at a time when there is an
effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares, or if such Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion
Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of
the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) (the Legend Removal
Date) then such Conversion Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Legend Removal Date
or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than four (4) Trading Days following
the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Conversion Shares, as applicable, issued
with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser
a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on
its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates
for Conversion Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the
account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

18

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Shares (based on the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares) delivered for
removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading
Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered
without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal
Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other
legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Ordinary Shares
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of Ordinary Shares, or a sale of a number
of Ordinary Shares equal to all or any portion of the number of Conversion Shares that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the
Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased (including brokerage commissions
and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Conversion Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price
of the Ordinary Shares on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of
the applicable Conversion Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

(e) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. While any Purchaser holds a Preferred Share, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act.

19

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall by 11:59 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, or if this Agreement is executed
after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) by 11:59 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, file
a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From and after the issuance
of the Form 8-K, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information
delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees
or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

4.5 Reserved.

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Shares hereunder for working capital and corporate
purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of
trade payables and service providers such as auditors and attorneys in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior
practices), (b) for the redemption of any Ordinary Shares or Share Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation,or
(d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.6, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchasers and their directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any the Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any Action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of the Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such Action is solely based upon a material breach of the Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings the Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by the Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by the Purchaser Party which
constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any Action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company
shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any
Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has
been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such Action there is, in the reasonable opinion of Purchasers counsel, a material conflict
on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of the Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be
responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is
attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser
Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by advancement
of periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against
the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law; provided, however, that no Purchaser shall be
entitled to any double recovery of damages as a result of the exercise of any other such right.

20

4.8 Listing
of Ordinary Shares. The Company hereby agrees to take all actions immediately prior to the date hereof to file a Listing of Additional
Shares with the Trading Market relating to the transaction contemplate hereby. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the
listing or quotation of the Ordinary Shares on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed. The Company further agrees, if the
Company applies to have the Ordinary Shares traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Conversion
Shares will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Conversion Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
Ordinary Shares on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations
under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Ordinary Shares for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.9 Available
Ordinary Shares. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has capacity under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market
to issue up to 436,796 Ordinary Shares without obtaining Shareholder Approval.

4.10 Shareholder
Approval. The Company shall hold a meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) as promptly
as possible following the date hereof but in no event later than 45 days from the date hereof, for the purpose of obtaining the Shareholder
Approval. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every 30 days thereafter
to seek Shareholder Approval until the date the Shareholder Approval is obtained.

4.11 Resale
Registration.

(a) The
Company agrees to include the Conversion Shares in a registration statement to be made with the Commission (the Registration
Statement) no later than March 30, 2025 (the Filing Date) and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such registration statement to become effective at the as soon as possible thereafter, but in any event no later than 90 days
of the Closing Date (the Effectiveness Date). The Company shall qualify or register the Conversion Shares in such
states as are reasonably requested by the Purchasers; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the
Conversion Shares in a state in which such registration would cause the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business
in such state or submit to general service of process in such state. The Company shall cause the Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this section to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Registration Statement
becomes effective (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the foregoing
registration, other than any and all underwriting discounts, selling commissions, applicable to the sale of the Conversion Shares.

21

(b) If:
(i) the Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the Filing Date, or (ii) the Registration Statement registering for resale
all of the Conversion Shares is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date, or (iii) after the effective date
of the Registration Statement and during the Effectiveness Period, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously
effective as to all Conversion Shares included in such Registration Statement, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more
than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure
or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (ii), the date on which such Event
occurs, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded
being referred to as Event Date), and either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of
Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or
(y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall
fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) then, in addition to any other rights the Purchasers may have hereunder or
under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall
not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Purchaser an amount in cash, as
partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within
seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount
that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Purchaser, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due
until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall
apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum
amount of liquidated damages payable pursuant to this Section 4.11(b) shall not exceed 20% of the aggregate reference price of the Preferred
Shares sold hereunder.

4.12 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each of the Purchasers covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including short sales of any of the Companys securities during
the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4. Each of the Purchasers covenants that until such time
as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section
4.4, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included herein.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) none of the Purchasers makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting
transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly
announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any
transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after
the issuance of the Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made
the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.12 Blue
Sky Filings. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption
for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws
of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

22

4.13 Pledge
of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Securities may be pledged by the Purchasers in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that
is secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder,
and Purchaser effecting a pledge of Securities shall not be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make
any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver
such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee
by a Purchaser.

4.14 Reservation
of Ordinary Shares. So long as any of the Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to at
all times have authorized, and available for the purpose of issuance, no less than 100% of the maximum number of Ordinary Shares issuable
upon conversion of all the Preferred Shares (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Shares set forth therein).

4.15 Restructure
of Terms. In the event any changes in the terms of this Agreement or the Securities are required by a Trading Market, the Purchasers,
in their sole discretion, may opt to terminate this Agreement or proceed with such terms as necessary to obtain all Required Approvals.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchasers by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on
or before the fifth Trading Day after all of the conditions to Closing have been satisfied or waived;provided, however,
no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser. The
Company shall also pay all legal fees of Company and the Purchasers, each (and in the aggregate for the Purchasers) not to exceed $50,000,
which will be deducted out of the proceeds at Closing.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

23

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to
5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile or e-mail attachment at the facsimile number or email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers which purchased at least a majority in interest of the Preferred Shares based
on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision
is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers),
the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with
respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver
of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon the Purchasers and holder(s) of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchasers
(other than by merger). The Purchasers may assign any or all of their rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchasers
assign or transfer any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

24

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party
shall commence an Action, suit or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations
of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action, suit or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for
its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf, .jpg, or similar format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation
of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile, .pdf,
.jpg or similar format data file signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

25

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchasers exercise a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchasers may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission
of the conversion of a Preferred Share, the Purchasers shall be required to return any Ordinary Shares subject to any such rescinded
conversion notice concurrently with the return to the Purchasers of the applicable Preferred Share.

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Payments
of Amounts Owed. The Companys obligations to pay any amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation
of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security
pursuant to which such amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Ordinary Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Ordinary Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

26

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

FREIGHT
TECHNOLOGIES INC. Address
for Notice:

2001
Timberloch Place, Suite 500,

The
Woodlands, TX 77380

By: /s/
Javier Selgas Fax:

Name:
Javier
Selgas 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Bevilacqua
PLLC 

1050
Connecticut Avenue, NW 

Suite
500, Washington, DC 20036 

Attention:
Louis Bevilacqua 

Email:
lou@bevilacquapllc.com 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

27

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: FREIGHT OPPORTUNITIES LLC

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, Jr 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, Jr._____

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Member________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_aruizg@atwpartners.com___________________

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

First
Closing:

Subscription
Amount: $1,500,000

Series
A4 Preferred Shares: 770,416

28

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: FREIGHT OPPORTUNITIES II LLC

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, Jr. 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, Jr._____

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Member________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_aruizg@atwpartners.com___________________

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

First
Closing:

Subscription
Amount: $1,500,000

Series
A4 Preferred Shares: 770,416

29

EXHIBIT
A

Memorandum
and Articles of Association of Freight Technologies, Inc.

As
Amended and Restated on January 31, 2025

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Freight
Technologies Completes $3 Million Private Placement Offering of Convertible Preferred Stock

HOUSTON
February 3, 2025 Freight Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: FRGT) (Fr8Tech or Freight Technologies
or the Company), a logistics management innovation company, offering a diverse portfolio of technology-driven solutions
that address distinct challenges within the supply chain ecosystem, today announced the gross sale of $3.0 million (the Offering)
consisting of 1,540,832 Series A4 preferred shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Shares) to certain
accredited investors in a non-brokered private placement.

The
Offering raised net cash proceeds of approximately $2.9 million (after deducting the transfer agent and legal fees and expenses of the
Offering). The Company intends to use the net cash proceeds from the Offering for working capital and corporate purposes, including funding
strategic growth initiatives and enhancing balance sheet flexibility.

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association filed with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs of the British Virgins
Islands on January 31, 2025 (the Amended and Restated M&A), each Preferred Share is immediately convertible on the
date of issuance, by dividing the respective Series A Reference Price (as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A ) of such Preferred
Share by the applicable conversion price (the Preferred Shares Conversion Price) at the option of the shareholder (at any
time and from time to time), and without the payment of additional consideration by the shareholder, into such number of fully paid and
non-assessable ordinary shares, with no par value per share, of the Company (the Ordinary Shares). Pursuant to the Amended
and Restated M&A, the Preferred Shares Conversion Price shall be the greater of (i) the lowest daily VWAP(as defined in the Amended
and Restated M&A) of the Ordinary Shares in the seven (7) consecutive Trading Day (as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A)
period immediately preceding the date of the conversion of the applicable Preferred Share and (ii) the Series A4 Conversion Price Floor
(as defined in the Amended and Restated M&A).

The
Company is required to file a registration statement with Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC) for the Ordinary Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, no later than March 30, 2025. The full description of the Offering and Preferred Shares
can be reviewed in documents attached to the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 3, 2025 and concurrently
with this release.

We
appreciate the continued support from our existing investors who participated in this capital raise, said Javier Selgas, CEO of
Fr8Tech. This financing provides Freight Technologies with additional capital to advance our operating and strategic growth initiatives,
as we continue to enhance and scale our product and service offerings.

About
Freight Technologies Inc.

Freight
Technologies (Nasdaq: FRGT) (Fr8Tech) is a technology company offering a diverse portfolio of proprietary platform solutions
powered by AI and machine learning to optimize and automate the supply chain process. Focused on addressing the distinct challenges within
the supply chain ecosystem, the Companys portfolio of solutions includes the Fr8App platform for seamless OTR B2B
cross-border shipping across the USMCA region; Fr8Now, a specialized service for less-than-truckload (LTL) shipping; Fr8Fleet,
a dedicated capacity service for enterprise clients in Mexico; and Waavely, a digital platform for efficient ocean freight
booking and management of container shipments between North America and ports worldwide. Together, each product is interconnected within
a unified platform to connect carriers and shippers and significantly improve matching and operation efficiency via innovative technologies
such as live pricing and real-time tracking, digital freight marketplace, brokerage support, transportation management, fleet management,
and committed capacity solutions. The company is headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico. For more information, please visit fr8technologies.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Fr8Techs and Fr8App Inc.s actual results may differ from
their expectations, estimates and projections and, consequently, readers should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. Words such as expect, estimate, project, budget, forecast,
anticipate, intend, plan, may, will, could, should,
believes, predicts, potential, continue and similar expressions (or the negative
versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

These
forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from
those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Most of these factors are outside Fr8Techs and Fr8App Inc.s control
and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the inability to obtain or
maintain the listing of Fr8Techs ordinary shares on Nasdaq; (2) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (3) the possibility
that Fr8Tech or Fr8App Inc. may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (4) risks relating to the
uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Fr8App Inc.; (5) risks related to the organic and inorganic growth
of Fr8App Inc.s business and the timing of expected business milestones; and (6) other risks and uncertainties identified, including
those under Risk Factors, to be filed in Fr8Tech other filings with the SEC.

Fr8Tech
cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking
statements. Fr8Tech and Fr8App Inc. caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date made. Fr8Tech and Fr8App Inc. do not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any such statement is based.

FR8Tech
Contact:

Jason
Finkelstein

IGNITION
Investor Relations

investors@fr8technologies.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex3-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex3-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex3-1_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex3-1_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex3-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex3-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex3-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex3-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex3-1_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex3-1_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex3-1_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex3-1_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex3-1_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex3-1_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex3-1_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex3-1_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex3-1_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex3-1_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex3-1_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex3-1_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex3-1_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex3-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex3-1_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex3-1_025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex3-1_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex3-1_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex3-1_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex3-1_029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex3-1_030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex3-1_031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex3-1_032.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex3-1_033.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex3-1_034.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex3-1_035.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex3-1_036.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex3-1_037.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex3-1_038.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex3-1_039.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex3-1_040.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex3-1_041.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex3-1_042.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex3-1_043.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex3-1_044.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex3-1_045.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex3-1_046.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex3-1_047.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex3-1_048.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex3-1_049.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex3-1_050.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex3-1_051.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>ex3-1_052.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>ex3-1_053.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>frgt-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>frgt-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>frgt-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004617-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001687542 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001687542 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
FREIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
D8 
001-38172 
87-2792157 
2001 Timberloch Place 
Suite 500 
The Woodlands 
TX 
77380 
773 
905-5076 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, no par value 
FRGT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38172

Entity Registrant Name FREIGHT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001687542

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2792157

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 2001
Timberloch Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town The Woodlands

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77380

City Area Code 773

Local Phone Number 905-5076

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol FRGT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fr8technologies.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
frgt-20250131.xsd 
frgt-20250131_lab.xml 
frgt-20250131_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>