<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003794.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003794.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127161534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odysight.ai Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001577445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-188920
		FILM NUMBER:		25559212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 N. HAYDEN ROAD, SUITE A-1
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-659-6404

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 N. HAYDEN ROAD, SUITE A-1
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ScoutCam Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intellisense Solutions Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130521
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000157744500015774452025-01-232025-01-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2025

ODYSIGHT.AI
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-188920 47-4257143

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

Suite
7A and 3B, Industrial Park

P.O.
Box 3030, Omer, Israel 8496500

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

+97273 370-4690

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencements
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Not
Applicable Not
Applicable Not
Applicable

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information regarding the Indemnification Agreement (as hereinafter defined) set forth in Item 5.02 below is incorporated in this Item
1.01 by reference.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
January 23, 2025, the Board of Directors of Odysight.ai Inc. (the Company) approved a revised form of director and officer
indemnification agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) and the Company entered into Indemnification Agreements with
each of its current directors and officers (and expects to use such form with future directors and officers) (each, an Indemnitee
and, collectively, the Indemnitees). The new form Indemnification Agreement supersedes the Companys previous form
of indemnification agreement.

The
Indemnification Agreement updates and supplements the indemnification rights and obligations of the Indemnitee and Company already included
in the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Under the terms of the Indemnification
Agreement, subject to certain exceptions specified in the Indemnification Agreement, the Company will indemnify the Indemnitee to the
fullest extent permitted by Nevada law in the event the Indemnitee becomes subject to or a participant in certain claims or proceedings
as a result of the Indemnitees service as a director or officer. The Company will also, subject to certain exceptions and repayment
conditions, advance to the Indemnitee specified indemnifiable expenses incurred in connection with such claims or proceedings.

The
foregoing summary and description of the provisions of the Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ODYSIGHT.AI
INC.

Date:
January 27, 2025 By: /s/
Einav Brenner

Name:
Einav
Brenner

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

This
Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of __________ ________, 202_, is by and between Odysight.ai
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and _____________ (the
Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Indemnitee is a director or officer of the Company;

WHEREAS,
both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers
of public companies;

WHEREAS,
the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that enhancing the ability of the Company
to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests of the Company and that the Company
therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available;

WHEREAS,
Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS), the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
the Company (the Articles), and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws)
authorize indemnification of the directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents of the Company.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the Indemnitees agreement to continue to provide services to the Company, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(a)
Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events:

i.
any person (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2)
of the Exchange Act) is or becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities
eligible to vote for the election of the Board (the Company Voting Securities); provided, however,
that the event described in this paragraph (i) shall not be deemed to be a Change in Control by virtue of any of the following acquisitions:
(A) by the Company or any subsidiary; (B) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
subsidiary; (C) by any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; (D) pursuant to a Non-Control
Transaction (as defined in paragraph (iii) below); or (E) a transaction (other than one described in paragraph (iii) below) in which
Company Voting Securities are acquired from the Company, if a majority of the Incumbent Board (as defined in paragraph (ii) below) approves
a resolution providing expressly that the acquisition pursuant to this clause (E) does not constitute a Change in Control under this
paragraph (i);

-2-

ii.
individuals who, as of the date of this Agreement, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any
reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Agreement,
whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board
(either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director,
without objection to such nomination) shall be considered a member of the Incumbent Board (other than any individual designated by a
person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 1(a)(i), (iii), (iv) or (v));

iii.
the consummation of a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company or any of
its subsidiaries that requires the approval of the Companys stockholders (whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities
in the transaction or otherwise) (a Reorganization), unless immediately following such Reorganization more
than 50% of the total combined voting power of the entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the entity resulting from such Reorganization
(the Surviving Company) is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior
to such Reorganization (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant
to such Reorganization), and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such Surviving
Company (a Non-Control Transaction);

iv.
the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution; or the consummation of a sale (or series of sales)
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to an entity that is not an affiliate of the Company.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of 30% or more
of the Company Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Company Voting Securities by the Company which reduces the number
of Company Voting Securities outstanding; provided that, if after such acquisition by the Company such person becomes the beneficial
owner of additional Company Voting Securities that increases the percentage of outstanding Company Voting Securities beneficially owned
by such person, a Change in Control shall then occur.

(b)
Corporate Status means the fact that a person is or was a director, officer, employee or fiduciary of the
Company, any subsidiary thereof or any other corporation, collaboration, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, in which
Indemnitee serves at any time at the request of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other Enterprise.

(c)
Disinterested Director means a member of the Board who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(d)
Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, partner, manager, managing member, employee, agent or fiduciary.

-3-

(e)
Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees
of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges,
postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred
or actually incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being
or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in a Proceeding. Expenses
also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the
premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Should any
payments by the Company to or for the account of Indemnitee under this Agreement be determined to be subject to any federal, state or
local income or excise tax, Expenses shall also include such amounts as are necessary to place Indemnitee in the same after-tax position
(after giving effect to all applicable taxes) Indemnitee would have been in had no such tax been determined to apply to those payments.
The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in
accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of Indemnitees counsel as
being reasonable in the good faith judgment of such counsel shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall
not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(f)
Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation
law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter
material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees
under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel
referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

(g)
Nevada Court means the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, located in Clark County, Nevada,
or if such court does not have jurisdiction over the applicable Proceeding, any other state district court located in the State of Nevada.

(h)
Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim,
arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened
or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative,
legislative or investigative (formal or informal); in each case whether or not Indemnitees Corporate Status existed at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before
the date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement to enforce his or her
rights under this Agreement.

-4-

2.
Indemnity of Indemnitee. The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by
law, as such may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof:

(a)
Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification
provided in this Section 2(a) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee was or is a party, or is threatened to be made
a party, to any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 2(a), the Company shall
indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or
her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee either (i) is not
liable pursuant to NRS 78.138, or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees
conduct was unlawful.

(b)
Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 2(b) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any
Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 2(b), the Company shall
indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees
behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matters therein, if Indemnitee either (i) is not liable pursuant to
NRS 78.138, or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses or other amounts shall be
made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after
exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Company or for amounts paid in settlement to the Company, unless and only to
the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that in view of
all the circumstances in the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

(c)
Termination of Proceeding. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification
or create a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or that, with respect to any criminal action or Proceeding,
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful.

(d)
Indemnification of Appointing Stockholder. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one (1) or more funds that has invested
in the Company (an Appointing Stockholder), and (ii) the Appointing Stockholder is, or is threatened to be
made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, and (iii) the Appointing Stockholders involvement in the Proceeding (A) arises
primarily out of, or relates to, any action taken by the Company that was approved by the Companys Board, and (B) arises out of
facts or circumstances that are the same or substantially similar to the facts and circumstances that form the basis of claims that have
been, could have been or could be brought against the Indemnitee in a Proceeding, regardless of whether the legal basis of the claims
against the Indemnitee and the Appointing Stockholder are the same or similar, then the Appointing Stockholder shall be entitled to all
rights and remedies, including with respect to indemnification and advancement, provided to the Indemnitee under this Agreement as if
the Appointing Stockholder were the Indemnitee. The rights provided to the Appointing Stockholder under this Section 2(d) shall be suspended
during any period during which the Appointing Stockholder does not have a representative on the Companys Board, and terminate
on the closing of an initial public offering of the Companys Common Stock; provided, however, that in the event of any such suspension
or termination, the Appointing Stockholders rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be suspended or terminated
with respect to any Proceeding based in whole or in part on facts and circumstances occurring at any time prior to such suspension or
termination regardless of whether the Proceeding arises before or after such suspension or termination. The Company and Indemnitee intend
and agree that the Appointing Stockholder is an express third party beneficiary of the terms of this Section 2(d).

-5-

(e)
Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in any Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to
time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense of the Proceeding. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims,
issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section
and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall
be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

3.
Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 2
of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
as may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
by him or her, or on his or her behalf, if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she was or is a party, or is threatened to
be made a party, to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability
arising out of the simple or gross negligence, recklessness, or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that
shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make
any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Section 7 and
Section 8 hereof) to be unlawful.

4.
Contribution.

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Section 2 and Section 3 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the
Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall pay the entire amount of any
judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and
relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for
a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

-6-

(b)
Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee
shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly
liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative
benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable
with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction
from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent
necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees
of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand,
and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts,
as well as any other equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and
all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined
in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the
degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary
or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive.

(c)
The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

(d)
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee
for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether
for judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable
event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding
in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s)
giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and
Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s)

5.
Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee,
by reason of his or her Corporate Status, is a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or otherwise asked to
participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually
and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection therewith.

6.
Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with defending any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of
a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition
of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and, if required by law
at the time of such advance. Indemnitee shall also submit an undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company
against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 6 shall be unsecured and interest free. In furtherance
of the foregoing, Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay such amounts advanced only if, and to the extent that, it shall ultimately be
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company as authorized by this
Agreement. This Section 6 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 10.

-7-

7.
Procedures and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure
for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the NRS and public policy of the State of Nevada.
Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement:

(a)
To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what
extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification,
advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to
provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability
that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, the Company is actually and materially prejudiced as a direct result of
such failure. The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own Expense.

(b)
Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 7(a) hereof, if required by applicable
law, a determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following
three methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors,
(ii) if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors so orders, or if a quorum of Disinterested Directors cannot
be obtained, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iii) if
so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if a request for indemnification is made after a Change in Control,
at the election of Indemnitee made in writing to the Company, and if the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested
Directors orders the determination of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification to be made by an Independent Counsel, or if a
quorum of Disinterested Directors cannot be obtained, any determination required to be made pursuant to Section 7(b) above as to whether
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel selected as provided in this Section 7(c). The Independent
Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board. The party making the
selection shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The party
receiving such notice may, within seven (7) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the other party
a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does
not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 hereof, and the objection shall set forth with
particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent
Counsel. If a written objection is made, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a
court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request
for indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (or, if selected, such selection
shall have been objected to) in accordance with this paragraph, then either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Nevada Court or
other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the
others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or
by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is favorably resolved or the person
so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 7(c) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses
of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 7(b) hereof. The Company shall
pay any and all reasonable and necessary fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 7(c), regardless of the manner
in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

-8-

(d)
If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b) hereof, the Independent
Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 7(d). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. Indemnitee may, within
ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the
requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity
the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If
a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until
such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission
by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected
(or, if selected, such selection shall have been objected to) in accordance with this paragraph, then either the Company or Indemnitee
may petition the Nevada Court or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected
by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is favorably resolved
or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 7(b) hereof.

(e)
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall
have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including
by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this
Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard
of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

-9-

(f)
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the
Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course
of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise
by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In
addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be
imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions
of this Section 7(f) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner
he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption
shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

(g)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section
7 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have been appointed or shall not have made a determination
within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, unless the Company establishes by written
opinion of Independent Counsel that (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary
to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition
of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to
exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further,
that the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(g) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made
by the stockholders pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the
request for such determination, the Disinterested Directors resolve as required by Section 7(b)(iii) of this Agreement to submit such
determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after
such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after
such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having
been so called and such determination is made thereat.

(h)
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information
which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary
to such determination. Any Independent Counsel or member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good
faith in making a determination regarding Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses
(including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making
such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification)
and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

-10-

(i)
In the event that any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee
(including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed
that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such Proceeding nor will it create a presumption that Indemnitee did
not act in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or that, with
respect to any criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to
overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

8.
Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a)
In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination
of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c) of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after receipt
by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within ten
(10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days
after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made
pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification
or advancement of expenses either, at Indemnitees sole option, in the Nevada Court, or any other court of competent jurisdiction.
The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

(b)
In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
(i) any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 8 shall be conducted in all respects de novo on the merits,
and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 7.

(c)
If a determination shall have been made or shall have been deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement that Indemnitee
is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be obligated to pay the amounts constituting such indemnification within five (5) days
after such determination has been made or has been deemed to have been made and shall be conclusively bound by such determination in
any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 8, unless the Company establishes by written opinion of Independent Counsel
that (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement
not materially misleading in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law.

-11-

(d)
In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 8, seeks a judicial adjudication of, or an award in arbitration to enforce, his
or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers
liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall pay to him or her, or on his or her behalf, in advance, and
shall indemnify him or her against, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in Section 1 of this Agreement)
actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in such judicial adjudication or arbitration, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately
is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery.

(e)
The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 8 that the
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before
any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against
any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore)
advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action
brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful
on the underlying claims; if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be only to
the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement
shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding.

9.
Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation.

(a)
The rights of indemnification and advancement of expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of, and shall be
in addition to, any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles or the Bylaws, any
agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, and nothing in this Agreement shall diminish or otherwise
restrict Indemnitees rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses under any of the foregoing. No amendment, alteration
or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect
of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the
extent that a change in the NRS, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently
under the Articles, the Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement
the greater benefits so afforded by such change and Indemnitee shall be deemed to have such greater benefits hereunder. No right or remedy
herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in
addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion
or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right
or remedy.

-12-

(b)
To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees,
or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under
such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director
and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Proceeding to the insurers
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable
action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with
the terms of such policies.

(c)
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution
of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights (with all of Indemnitees reasonable
expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and charges, related thereto to be reimbursed by the Company).

(d)
The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent
that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

(e)
The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company
as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise.

10.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under
this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a)
for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or

(b)
for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or similar
provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c)
for any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits
realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such
reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee
of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act);

(d)
for any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted
by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange
listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act; or,

-13-

(e)
in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board
authorized the Proceeding (or such part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company indemnifies Indemnitee, in its sole
discretion, independently of this Agreement pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law or (iii) the Company provides
the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

11.
Retroactive Effect; Duration of Agreement; Successors and Binding Agreement. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained
herein shall be deemed to have become effective upon the date Indemnitee first had Corporate Status; shall continue during the period
Indemnitee has Corporate Status; and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any Proceeding (or any action
commenced under Section 8 hereof) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting or serving in any such
capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including
any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business
or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require any such
successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee
and his or her counsel, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company
would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 10, this Agreement
shall not be assignable or delegable by the Company.

12.
Security. To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide
security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other
collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

13.
Enforcement.

(a)
The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve, or continue to serve, as an officer or a director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that
Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as an officer or a director of the Company.

(b)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

-14-

14.
Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision. Further, the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof as to either Indemnitee or Appointing Stockholder
shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any provision hereof as to the other. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee and the Appointing Stockholder indemnification rights to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed
modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.

15.
Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a
waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16.
Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving
any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may
be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation
which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement unless, and only to the extent that, the Company is actually and materially prejudiced
as a direct result of such delay or failure.

17.
Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent:

(a)
To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto.

(b)
To the Company at:

Odysight.ai
Inc.

Attn:
Yehu Ofer, CEO

POB
3030 Industrial Park,

Omer,
Israel 8496100

or
to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Executed counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic method
and shall be deemed an original, but all of such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

-15-

19.
Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

20.
Successors and Assigns. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall
inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors, administrators and other legal
representatives.

21.
Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company
and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement (other than an arbitration pursuant to Section 8 hereof) shall be brought only in the Nevada Court, and not in any other state
or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Nevada Court for purposes of such action or proceeding, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or
proceeding in the Nevada Court, (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in
the Nevada Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, and (v) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject
to service of process in the State of Nevada, State Agent and Transfer Syndicate, Inc., 112 North Curry Street, Carson City, Nevada 89703,
as its agent in the State of Nevada for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party
with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Nevada.

(Signature
page to follow)

-16-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

ODYSIGHT.AI
INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE

Name:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>odys-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>odys-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>odys-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 333-188920

Entity Registrant Name ODYSIGHT.AI
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001577445

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4257143

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One Suite
7A and 3B

Entity Address, Address Line Two Industrial Park

Entity Address, Address Line Three P.O.
Box 3030

Entity Address, City or Town Omer

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 8496500

City Area Code +972

Local Phone Number 73 370-4690

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://odysight.ai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
odys-20250123.xsd 
odys-20250123_lab.xml 
odys-20250123_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003794-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001577445 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001577445 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
ODYSIGHT.AI INC. 
NV 
333-188920 
47-4257143 
Suite 7A and 3B 
Industrial Park 
P.O. Box 3030 
Omer 
IL 
8496500 
+972 
73 370-4690 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>