<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-018204.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-018204.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227182745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-018204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250225
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSR Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				845052822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41390
		FILM NUMBER:		25681496

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-635-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210113
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232474-8k_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184042500018404252025-02-252025-02-250001840425OSRH:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-252025-02-250001840425OSRH:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-02-252025-02-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest
event reported): February 25, 2025

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-41390 84-5052822

(State or Other Jurisdiction (CommissionFile Number) (IRS Employer

of Incorporation) Identification No.)

10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300, Bellevue, WA 98004

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (425) 635-7700

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share OSRH The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share OSRHW The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Common Stock Purchase Agreement

On February 25, 2025, OSR Holdings,
Inc. (the Company) entered into a common stock purchase agreement (the Common Stock Purchase Agreement) and
a related registration rights agreement (the White Lion RRA) with White Lion GBM Innovation Fund (White Lion).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase
Agreement, following its closing and following the effective date of a resale registration statement registering the shares issuable to
White Lion in accordance with the terms of the White Lion RRA, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to require White Lion
to purchase, from time to time, up to the lesser of (i) $80,000,000 in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) the Exchange Cap, in each case, subject to certain
limitations and conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement.

The number of shares
of Common Stock that the Company may require White Lion to purchase in any single sales notice will depend on a number of factors,
including the type of purchase notice that the Company delivers to White Lion. For example: (1) if the Company were to deliver a
Rapid Purchase Notice, the Company can require White Lion to purchase a number of shares equal to $2,000,000 divided by the average
of the three (3) lowest traded prices of the Common Stock on the Rapid Purchase Notice Date; and (2) if the Company were to deliver
a VWAP Purchase Notice, the Company can require White Lion to purchase a number of shares equal to $2,000,000 divided by the product
of (i) the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the VWAP Purchase Valuation Period and (ii) ninety-seven percent (97%).

White Lions purchase obligations
under a single Rapid Purchase Notice or a single VWAP Purchase Notice shall not exceed $2,000,000, and the maximum amount of shares of
Common Stock the Company may require White Lion to purchase under a single VWAP Purchase Notice shall be the lesser of (A) 30% of the
Average Daily Trading Volume or (B) $2,000,000 divided by the highest closing price of the Common Stock over the most recent five (5)
Business Days immediately preceding White Lions receipt of the subject VWAP Purchase Notice.

The Common Stock Purchase Agreement
will terminate automatically on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026 and (ii) the date when the Company files for bankruptcy, has a bankruptcy
case filed against it, has a custodian appointed for it or its property, or assigns its assets to its creditors.

In consideration for White Lions
commitments under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to White Lion the number of shares of Common Stock
equal to $800,000 divided by the closing price of the Common Stock on the day that is the earlier of (i) the business day prior to effectiveness
of the resale registration statement registering the shares issuable under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement and (ii) the business day
prior to the date that White Lion requests the issuance of such shares.

Registration Rights Agreement

Concurrently with the Common Stock
Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into the White Lion RRA with White Lion, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file, within
30 days following the closing of the Business Combination (as defined in the White Lion RRA), a resale registration statement with the
SEC covering the resale by White Lion of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock permitted to be included thereon in accordance with
applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations.

The foregoing descriptions of the
Common Stock Purchase Agreement and the White Lion RRA are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Common Stock
Purchase Agreement and the White Lion RRA, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on
Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.

1

Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

10.1 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and between OSR Holdings, Inc. and White Lion Capital LLC

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and between OSR Holdings, Inc. and White Lion Capital LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Dated: February 25, 2025

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023247401ex10-1_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN OSR HOLDINGS, INC. AND WHITE LION CAPITAL LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION COPY COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT This Common Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement ) is entered into effective as February 25 , 2025 (the Execution Date ), by and between OSR Holdings Inc . , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and White Lion Capital, LLC, dba White Lion GBM Innovation Fund, a Nevada limited liability company (the Investor ) . WHEREAS , the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Investor shall purchase, from time to time, as provided herein, and the Company shall issue and sell up to Eighty Million Dollars ( $ 80 , 000 , 000 ) of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below) ; WHEREAS, such sales of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor will be made in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 4 (a)( 2 ) of the Securities Act ( Section 4 (a)( 2 ) ) and Rule 506 (b) of Regulation D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act ( Regulation D ), and upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the issuances and sales of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor to be made hereunder ; WHEREAS , the parties hereto are concurrently entering into the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall register the resale of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein ; and WHEREAS , in consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Investor the Commitment Shares (as defined herein), pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6 . 4 herein ; NOW, THEREFORE , the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Section 1 . 1 . DEFINED TERMS . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined) : Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. Average Daily Trading Volume shall mean the median daily trading volume of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market over the most recent five ( 5 ) Business Days immediately preceding the date of delivery of a Purchase Notice . Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. ACTIVE 703770992v10

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(g) . Business Combination shall mean that certain business combination between the Company and certain other parties as described and defined as the Business Combination in the Companys Amendment No . 1 to S - 4 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on November 8 , 2024 . Business Day shall mean a full day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business. Claim Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a) . Clearing Costs shall mean the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to each deposit of Common Stock. Closing shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock as described in Section 2.1 . Closing Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(g) Commitment Amount shall mean Eighty Million Dollars ($80,000,000). Commitment Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased an aggregate number of Purchase Notice Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Commitment Amount or (ii) December 31 , 2026 . Commitment Shares shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4 . Commitment Shares Determination Date means the earlier of (i) the Business Day prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or (ii) the Business Day prior to the date that the Investor delivers a written request to the Company for the Commitment Shares, provided that the Investor may not deliver such written request prior to the closing of the Business Combination . Common Stock shall mean the Companys common stock, $ 0 . 0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the Company) . Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock . Company shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. ACTIVE 703770992v10

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. Current Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2 . Damages shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation) . Designated Brokerage Account shall mean the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery of the applicable Securities. Document Preparation Fee shall be $ 20 , 000 payable by the Company to the Investor on the date of the first Purchase Notice, in which case such payment shall be deducted from the Investment Amount of the first Purchase Notice . Company may elect to pay the Document Preparation Fee in Securities alongside the Commitment Shares . DTC shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company. DTC/FAST Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. DWAC shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC. DWAC Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Securities are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Securities, as applicable, via DWAC . DWAC Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function . Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c) . Execution Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. Indemnified Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.1 .

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.1 . Indemnity Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b) . Investment Amount shall mean the gross price of the Purchase Notice Shares, less Clearing Costs. Investor shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall mean a signed form of irrevocable transfer agent instructions, substantially in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, instructing the Transfer Agent to immediately deliver any Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor upon the Transfer Agents receipt of the copy of a Purchase Notice from the Company, without further instruction from the Company . Lien means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. Material Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is material and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document . Minimum Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.1(c) . OTC Blackout shall mean any calendar day that the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange that is registered with the SEC under Section 6 of the Exchange Act (such as NASDAQ), and the Principal Market is an over - the - counter market . Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof . PEA Period shall mean the period commencing at 9 : 30 a . m . , New York City time, on the fifth ( 5 th) Business Day immediately prior to the filing of any post - effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement, or any annual and quarterly report, and ending at 9 : 30 a . m . , New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following (i) the effective date of such post - effective amendment of the Registration Statement or such new registration statement, or (ii) the date of filing of such annual and quarterly report, as applicable . Principal Market shall mean any of the national exchanges (i . e . NYSE, AMEX, Nasdaq) or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal trading platform or market for the Common Stock . Purchase shall mean a purchase of Purchase Notice Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Purchase Notice shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a Rapid Purchase Notice Form ) or Exhibit B attached hereto (a VWAP Purchase Notice Form ), to the Investor, and with a copy of such notice delivered to the Transfer Agent, setting forth the Purchase Notice Shares which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement . Purchase Notice Limit shall mean (i) for any Purchase Notice the Investors committed obligation under each Purchase Notice shall not exceed the Rapid Purchase Investment Limit or VWAP Purchase Investment Limit, as applicable, and (ii) the maximum amount of Purchase Notice Shares the Company may require the Investor to purchase per each VWAP Purchase Notice shall be the lesser of : (A) 30 % of the Average Daily Trading Volume or (B) the VWAP Purchase Investment Limit divided by the highest closing price of the Common Stock over the most recent five ( 5 ) Business Days immediately preceding receipt of the subject Purchase Notice . Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Investor may waive the Purchase Notice Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Purchase Notice . Purchase Notice Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all applicable Purchase Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement . Rapid Closing Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(b) . Rapid Purchase Investment Amount shall mean the applicable Purchase Notice Shares referenced in the Rapid Purchase Notice multiplied by the applicable Rapid Purchase Price. Rapid Purchase Investment Limit shall mean $ 2 , 000 , 000 as with respect to any Rapid Purchase Notice, subject to increase at the sole discretion of the Investor . Rapid Purchase Notice shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock as described in Section 2.2 . Rapid Purchase Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a) . Rapid Purchase Price shall mean the average of the three ( 3 ) lowest traded prices of the Common Stock on the Rapid Purchase Notice Date . Rapid Purchase Valuation Period shall mean the Business Day of the Rapid Purchase Notice Date. Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement entered into by and among the Company and the Investor, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C . Registration Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.3 .

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Regulation D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Rule 144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act. SEC shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5 . Securities mean the Purchase Notice Shares issued to the Investor by the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the Commitment Shares . Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subsidiary means any Person the Company wholly - owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601 (b)( 21 ) of Regulation S - K promulgated under the Securities Act . Termination shall mean any termination outlined in Section 10.5 . Transaction Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto. Transfer Agent shall mean the transfer agent of the Company as of the Execution Date and any successor transfer agent of the Company. VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume - weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market during the period beginning at 9 : 30 a . m . , New York time, and ending at 4 : 00 p . m . , New York time, as reported by E*TRADE Securities LLC graph study function or Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09 : 30 : 01 start time and 15 : 59 : 59 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume - weighted average price of such security in the over - the - counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9 : 30 a . m . , New York time, and ending at 4 : 00 p . m . , New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume - weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc . (formerly Pink Sheets LLC) . If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investor . If the Company and the Investor are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 10 . 16 . All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period . VWAP Closing Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2 .

ACTIVE 703770992v10 VWAP Purchase Notice shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock as described in Section 2.2 . VWAP Purchase Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2 . VWAP Purchase Investment Amount shall mean the applicable Purchase Notice Shares referenced in the VWAP Purchase Notice multiplied by the VWAP Purchase Price. VWAP Purchase Investment Limit shall mean $ 2 , 000 , 000 as with respect to any VWAP Purchase Notice, subject to increase at the sole discretion of the Investor . VWAP Purchase Price shall mean the product of (i) the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the VWAP Purchase Valuation Period and (ii) ninety - seven percent (97%). VWAP Purchase Valuation Period shall mean the three ( 3 ) consecutive Business Days commencing on and including the VWAP Purchase Notice Date . For the avoidance of doubt, the VWAP Purchase Notice Date shall be the first Business Day in the VWAP Purchase Valuation Period . ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK Section 2 . 1 PURCHASE NOTICES . Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII ), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Purchase Notice, from time to time, with a copy to the Transfer Agent, to purchase Purchase Notice Shares ; provided that the amount of Purchase Notice Shares shall not exceed the (a) the Purchase Notice Limit or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 7 . 2 (g) , (each such purchase, a Closing ) . The Company may not deliver a subsequent Purchase Notice until five ( 5 ) Business Days following the Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing . Furthermore, the Company shall not deliver any Purchase Notices to the Investor during the PEA Period . Section 2.2 MECHANICS . (a) RAPID PURCHASE NOTICE . At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except during an OTC Blackout and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver a Rapid Purchase Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII and otherwise provided herein . The Company shall provide the Transfer Agent with a copy of such Rapid Purchase Notice concurrently with its delivery to the Investor . The Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares to the Designated Brokerage Account alongside the delivery of the Rapid Purchase Notice . A Rapid Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Business Day (i) a Rapid Purchase Notice Form is received by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time by email by the Investor and (ii) the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice Shares has been initiated and completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time (the Rapid Purchase Notice Date ) . If the applicable Rapid Purchase Notice Form is received after 9 : 00 a . m . New York time or the DWAC of the applicable Purchase

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Notice Shares has not been completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time, then the next Business Day shall be the Rapid Purchase Notice Date, unless waived by Investor in writing . Each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable . Each party also agrees that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective Section 2 . 2 (a) of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein . (b) RAPID PURCHASE CLOSING . The Closing of a Rapid Purchase Notice shall occur one ( 1 ) Business Day following the Rapid Purchase Notice Date (the Rapid Closing Date ) ; whereby the Investor shall deliver to the Company, by 5 : 00 p . m . New York time on the Rapid Closing Date, the Rapid Purchase Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company . (c) VWAP PURCHASE NOTICE . At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except during an OTC Blackout and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver a VWAP Purchase Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII and otherwise provided herein . The Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares to the Designated Brokerage Account alongside the delivery of the VWAP Purchase Notice . A VWAP Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Business Day (i) that an applicable VWAP Purchase Notice Form is received by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time by email by the Investor and (ii) the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice Shares has been initiated and completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time (the VWAP Purchase Notice Date ") . If the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice Form is received after 9 : 00 a . m . New York time or the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice Shares has not been completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 9 : 00 a . m . New York time, then the next Business Day shall be the VWAP Purchase Notice Date, unless waived by Investor in writing . Each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable . Each party also agrees that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective Section 2 . 2 (c) of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein . (d) VWAP PURCHASE CLOSING . The Closing of a VWAP Purchase Notice shall occur one ( 1 ) Business Day following the VWAP Purchase Valuation Period (the VWAP Closing Date ) ; whereby the Investor shall deliver to the Company, by 5 : 00 p . m . New York time on the VWAP Closing Date, the VWAP Purchase Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company . ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR The Investor represents and warrants to the Company that: Section 3.1 INTENT . The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account

ACTIVE 703770992v10 and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws ; provided , however , that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition . Section 3 . 2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY . The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors . The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction . Section 3 . 3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR . The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 (a)( 3 ) of Regulation D, and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities . The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in the SEC Documents . The Investor represents that it is able to bear any loss associated with an investment in the Company . Section 3 . 4 AUTHORITY . The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby . The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required . The Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application . Section 3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE . The Investor is not an officer, director, or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company . Section 3 . 6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING . The Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents . Section 3 . 7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS . The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third - party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject . Section 3 . 8 DISCLOSURE ; ACCESS TO INFORMATION . The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company . Section 3 . 9 MANNER OF SALE . At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising . ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedules, which SEC Documents and Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the Execution Date, that : Section 4 . 1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY . The Company is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted . The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents . The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification . The Company has no Subsidiaries . Section 4 . 2 AUTHORITY . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents . The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required . The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other

ACTIVE 703770992v10 equitable principles of general application . Section 4 . 3 CAPITALIZATION . As of the Execution Date, the authorized Common Stock of the Company consists of 100 , 000 , 000 shares of Common Stock and 1 , 000 , 000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which approximately 2 , 319 , 752 shares of Common Stock and 0 shares of Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding as of the Execution Date . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the periodic report filed under the Exchange Act . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities . There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders . Section 4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS . The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Exchange Act . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve ( 12 ) months preceding the Execution Date, received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market . Section 4 . 5 SEC DOCUMENTS ; DISCLOSURE . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13 (a) thereof, for the one ( 1 ) year preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents ) . As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading . The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to

ACTIVE 703770992v10 form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto . Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, as the case may be, applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year - end audit adjustments) . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non - public information . The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company . Section 4 . 6 VALID ISSUANCES . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non - assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents . Section 4 . 7 NO CONFLICTS . The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Purchase Notice Shares, do not and will not : (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, by - laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock - up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing . The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect . The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (other than any SEC or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in connection with the issuance of Purchase Notice Shares or subsequent to any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto) ; provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the

ACTIVE 703770992v10 accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein . Section 4 . 8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT . No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been disclosed in the SEC Documents or any subsequently - filed Annual Report on Form 10 - K or Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q . Section 4 . 9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS . Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect . No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect . There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company . Section 4 . 10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS . Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company . Section 4.11 ACKNOWLEDGMENT REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE OF SECURITIES . The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 ) of the Company . The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Purchase Notice Shares . The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives . Section 4.12 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION; PLACEMENT AGENT . Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities . Section 4 . 13 NO INTEGRATED OFFERING . None of the Company, its affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, but excluding

ACTIVE 703770992v10 stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti - dilution provisions in connection therewith . Section 4 . 14 OTHER COVERED PERSONS . The Company is not aware of any Person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Investor in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities . ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF INVESTOR Section 5 . 1 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY . Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate or agent of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period . For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after the Rapid Purchase Notice Date, or VWAP Purchase Notice Date, as applicable of such number of shares of Common Stock purchased under the applicable Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale . The parties acknowledge and agree that during the Rapid Closing Date and VWAP Purchase Valuation Period, the Investor may contract for, or otherwise effect, the resale of the subject purchased Purchase Notice Shares to third - parties subject to Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act . The Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents . Short Sales shall mean short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act . Section 5.2 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES . The Investors trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and the Principal Market . Section 5 . 3 LEAK OUT . On any given Business Day, in the event that the closing price of the Common Stock on the immediately preceding Business Day is lower than the Minimum Price, the Investor shall not sell Commitment Shares on that Business Day equal to more than ten percent ( 10 % ) of that days trading volume of the Common Stock (the Leak Out Limitation ), except that the Investor shall not be subject to such Leak Out Limitation if the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the Principal Market at such time on the subject Business Day is more than 1 , 000 , 000 shares . ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY Section 6 . 1 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing, if required, of all such Common Stock on the Principal Market from time to - time issuable hereunder . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient

ACTIVE 703770992v10 net tangible assets, if required) and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market. Section 6 . 2 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT . The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8 - K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report ) . The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre - filing draft version of the Current Report at least two ( 2 ) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments . The Investor shall use its reasonable efforts to comment upon the final pre - filing draft version of the Current Report within one ( 1 ) Business Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company . Section 6 . 3 FILING OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT . The Company shall file with the SEC, within thirty ( 30 ) days after the closing of the Business Combination, a new Registration Statement on Form S - 1 (the Registration Statement ) in compliance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, covering only the resale of the Securities by the Investor . The Registration Statement shall relate to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, this Agreement and disclosing all information relating to the transactions contemplated hereby required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the prospectus supplement as of the date of the Registration Statement, including, without limitation, information required to be disclosed in the section captioned Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement . The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement within a reasonable time prior to its filing with the SEC, the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments, and the Company shall not file the Current Report or the Registration Statement with the SEC in a form to which the Investor reasonably objects . The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Companys securities beneficially owned by the Investor and the intended method of distribution thereof, including any arrangement between the Investor and any other person or relating to the sale or distribution of the Companys securities, as shall be reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and the Registration Statement, and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and the Registration Statement with the SEC . The Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in any pre - existing registration statement filed or any new registration statement or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing . The Company shall promptly give the Investor notice of any event (including the passage of time) which makes the final prospectus not to be in compliance with Section 5 (b) or 10 of the Securities Act and shall use its best efforts thereafter to file with the SEC any Post - Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement, amended prospectus or prospectus supplement in order to comply with Section 5 (b) or 10 of the Securities Act . Section 6 . 4 COMMITMENT SHARES . In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and agreement to perform under this Agreement, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue an amount of shares of Common Stock equal to $ 800 , 000 divided by the closing price

ACTIVE 703770992v10 of the Common Stock on the Commitment Shares Determination Date (the Commitment Shares ) to the Investor as a commitment fee . For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned as of the Execution Date, and the issuance of the Commitment Shares is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including, without limitation, the Companys submission of a Purchase Notice to the Investor, the filing of a Registration Statement, and irrespective of any termination of this Agreement . The Company shall include on the Registration Statement filed with the SEC, all Commitment Shares . In the event that the Company does not promptly issue the Commitment Shares to the Investor within at least two ( 2 ) Business Days after the Commitment Shares Determination Date, or if the Company fails to include all of the Commitment Shares on the initial Registration Statement filed with he SEC, in addition to all other remedies at law or in equity or otherwise under this Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Investor liquidated damages of $ 800 , 000 , being immediately due and payable to the Investor at its election in the form of cash payment . Section 6 . 5 NON - PUBLIC INFORMATION . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 6 . 2 and otherwise provided herein, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non - public information, unless prior thereto the Investor shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential . The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company . The Company represents that as of the Execution Date, except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents, neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has previously provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non - public information . After the Execution Date, to the extent that any notice or communication made by the Company, or information provided by the Company, to the Investor constitutes, or contains, material, non - public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8 - K . The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company . Section 6 . 6 OTHER EQUITY LINE TRANSACTIONS . From the Execution Date until the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period or (ii) termination of this Agreement, the Company shall be prohibited from entering into any equity line or substantially similar transaction whereby an investor is irrevocably bound to purchase securities over a period of time from the Company at a price based on the market price of the Common Stock at the time of such purchase ; provided , however , that this Section 6 . 6 shall not be deemed to prohibit the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to (i) an at - the - market offering by the Company through a registered broker - dealer acting as agent of the Company pursuant to a written agreement between the Company and such registered broker - dealer or (ii) the conversion or exercise of derivative securities where the conversion or exercise price varies based on the market price of the Common Stock . The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to

ACTIVE 703770992v10 collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required . ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF PURCHASE NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING Section 7 . 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES . The right of the Company to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below : (a) ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time . (b) PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR . Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing . (c) PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein, the Company shall not issue more than 3 , 853 , 467 shares of Common Stock (the " Exchange Cap ") under this Agreement, which equals 19 . 99 % of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the Execution Date, unless stockholder approval is obtained to issue in excess of the Exchange Cap ; provided , however , that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if at any time the Exchange Cap is reached and at all times thereafter the average price paid for all shares of Common Stock issued under this Agreement is equal to or greater than $ 3 . 41 (the " Minimum Price "), a price equal to the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price immediately preceding the execution of this Agreement or (ii) the arithmetic average of the five ( 5 ) Nasdaq Official Closing Prices for the Common Stock immediately preceding the execution of this Agreement, as calculated in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market (in such circumstance, for purposes of the Principal Market, the transaction contemplated hereby would not be "below market" and the Exchange Cap would not apply) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required or permitted to issue, and the Investor shall not be required to purchase, any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement if such issuance would violate the rules or regulations of the Principal Market . The Company may, in its sole discretion, determine whether to obtain stockholder approval to issue more than 19 . 99 % of its outstanding shares of Common Stock hereunder if such issuance would require stockholder approval under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market . The Exchange Cap shall be reduced, on a share - for - share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the Principal Market . Section 7 . 2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE THE PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES . The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase the Purchase Notice Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions :

ACTIVE 703770992v10 (a) EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT . The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective for the offering of the Securities and (i) the Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist . The Investor shall not have received any notice from the Company that the prospectus and/or any prospectus supplement fails to meet the requirements of Section 5 (b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act . (b) ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date) . (c) PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY . The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company . (d) NO INJUNCTION . No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents . (e) ADVERSE CHANGES . Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent quarterly or annual report, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred . (f) NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK . The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market . In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading of the Common Stock during the applicable Rapid Purchase Valuation Period or VWAP Purchase Valuation Period, as contemplated by this Section 7 . 2 (f), the Investor shall purchase the Purchase Notice Shares in the respective Purchase Notice at a value equal to the par value of the Companys Common Stock . (g) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION . The number of Purchase Notice Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act . For purposes of this Section 7 . 2 (g), in the event that the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding is greater or lesser on a date of a Closing (a Closing Date ) than on the date upon which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant

ACTIVE 703770992v10 to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing Date . In the event the Investor claims that compliance with a Purchase Notice would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company the Investor will provide the Company with evidence of the Investors then existing shares beneficially or deemed beneficially owned . The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4 . 99 % of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Purchase Notice, provided that, the Investor may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9 . 99 % with the prior written consent of the Company . To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation is exceeded, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Investor shall be reduced void ab initio so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation . (h) STOCK PROMOTION . The Company shall be free from any stock promotion flag. (i) NO KNOWLEDGE . The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be suspended or any prospectus or prospectus supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections 5 (b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen ( 15 ) Business Days following the Business Day on which such Purchase Notice is deemed delivered) . (j) NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT . The issuance of the Purchase Notice Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the Principal Market. (k) DWAC ELIGIBLE . The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill. (l) SEC DOCUMENTS . All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC, except for such reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and/or other documents the failure to so file (i) would not have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) would not render the Investors utilization of the Registration Statement or reliance on its prospectus for the resale of securities unlawful or in violation of any regulation under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act . (m) EXCHANGE CAP . The Exchange Cap has not been reached (to the extent the Exchange Cap is applicable pursuant to Section 7 . 1 (c) hereof) . ARTICLE VIII LEGENDS Section 8 . 1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND . No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Purchase Notice Shares . Section 8 . 2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE . Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock .

ACTIVE 703770992v10 ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION Section 9 . 1 INDEMNIFICATION . Each party (an Indemnifying Party ) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified Party ) from and against any Damages, and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of this Agreement or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post - effective amendment thereof or prospectus or prospectus supplement, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified Partys failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys, recklessness or willful misconduct in performing its obligations under this Agreement ; provided, however , that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post - effective amendment thereof, prospectus, prospectus supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented) . Section 9.2 INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE. (a) A party that seeks indemnification under must promptly give the other party notice of any legal action . But a delay in notice does not relieve an Indemnifying Party of any liability to any Indemnified Party, except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shows that the delay prejudiced the defense of the action . (b) The Indemnifying Party may participate in the defense at any time or it may assume the defense by giving notice to the Indemnified Parties . After assuming the defense, the Indemnifying Party : (i) must select counsel (including local counsel if appropriate) that is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Parties;

ACTIVE 703770992v10 (ii) is not liable to the other party for any later attorneys fees or for any other later expenses that the Indemnified Parties incur, except for reasonable investigation costs; (iii) must not compromise or settle the action without the Indemnified Parties consent (which may not be unreasonably withheld) ; and (iv) is not liable for any compromise or settlement made without its consent. (c) If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume the defense within 10 Business Days after receiving notice of the action, the Indemnifying Party shall be bound by any determination made in the action or by any compromise or settlement made by the Indemnified Parties, and also remains liable to pay the Indemnified Parties legal fees and expenses . Section 9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS . All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9 . 2 shall be asserted and resolved as follows : (a) In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9 . 2 is asserted against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a Third Party Claim ), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for indemnification that is being asserted under any provision of Section 9 . 2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a Claim Notice ) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party . If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party . The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty ( 30 ) days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the Dispute Period ) whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party under Section 9 . 2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party Claim . (i) If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9 . 3 (a) , then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9 . 2 . The Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof ; provided , however, that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior

ACTIVE 703770992v10 to the Indemnifying Partys delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests ; and provided , further , that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest . The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may take over the control of the defense or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9 . 2 with respect to such Third Party Claim . (ii) If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9 . 3 (a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party (with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) . The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof ; provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified Party is contesting . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys defense pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys participation therein at the Indemnified Partys request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying Party in connection with such litigation . The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation . (iii) If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9 . 2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9 . 2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand . If the

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute ; provided , however , that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty ( 30 ) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate . (b) In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9 . 2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9 . 2 specifying the nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice ) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party . The failure by any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights hereunder except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby . If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9 . 2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand . If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute ; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty ( 30 ) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate . (c) The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Third Party Claim . (d) The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to . ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS Section 10 . 1 GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law . Section 10 . 2 JURY TRIAL WAIVER . The Company and the Investor hereby waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents . Section 10 . 3 ASSIGNMENT . The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors . Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other

ACTIVE 703770992v10 Person. Section 10 . 4 NO THIRD - PARTY BENEFICIARIES . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated by Article IX . Section 10 . 5 TERMINATION . Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach of the Agreement by the other party, which shall be effected by written notice being sent by non - breaching party to the breaching party ; provided however , that the Company shall have effectively delivered the Commitment Shares to the Investor prior to any such termination . In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period or (ii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors ; provided, however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in this Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement . Notwithstanding the forgoing, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the entire amount of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned by the Investor, and shall be non - refundable, as of the Execution Date, regardless of whether any Purchase Notices are issued or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement . Section 10 . 6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents and exhibits . Section 10 . 7 FEES AND EXPENSES . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement . The Company shall pay the Document Preparation Fee associated with the Closing of the first Purchase Noticeas contemplated by Section 6 . 4 above, and the Clearing Cost associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees . It being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the entire amount of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned by the Investor and shall be non - refundable as of the Execution Date, regardless of whether any Purchase Notices are issued or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement . Section 10 . 8 COUNTERPARTS . The Transaction Documents may be executed and delivered electronically and in counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of the parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument . Section 10.9 SEVERABILITY . In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes

ACTIVE 703770992v10 or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision ; provided that such severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party . Section 10 . 10 FURTHER ASSURANCES . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby . Section 10 . 11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party . Section 10 . 12 EQUITABLE RELIEF . The Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor . The Company therefore agrees that the Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, both parties will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents . The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate . Section 10 . 13 TITLE AND SUBTITLES . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement . Section 10 . 14 AMENDMENTS ; WAIVERS . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one ( 1 ) Business Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the prospectus to the Registration Statement with the SEC . Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought . No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege . Section 10 . 15 PUBLICITY . The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide the other

ACTIVE 703770992v10 party with prior notice of such public statement . The Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601 (b)( 10 ) of Regulation S - K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act . The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel . Section 10.16 DISPUTE RESOLUTION . (a) GOVERNANCE OF ALL DISPUTES . The parties recognize that disagreements as to certain matters may from time to time arise out of these Transaction Documents . The parties agree that any disagreements that arise from these Transaction Documents are to be governed in accordance with this Section 10 . 16 . (b) DISPUTES RELATING TO AVERAGE DAILY TRADING VOLUME, PURCHASE NOTICE LIMIT OR VWAP . (i) In the case of a dispute relating to the Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limit or VWAP (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Investor (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two ( 2 ) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Investor within two ( 2 ) Business Days after the Investor learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute . If the Investor and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limit or VWAP (as the case may be), at any time after the second ( 2 nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Investor (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Investor (as the case may be), then the Company and the Investor may select an independent, reputable investment bank as mutually agreed upon to resolve such dispute . (ii) The Investor and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 10 . 16 (b) and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5 : 00 p . m . (New York time) by the fifth ( 5 th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such investment bank was selected (the Dispute Submission Deadline ) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation ) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Investor or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline) . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Investor or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Investor shall be entitled to deliver or submit any

written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation) . (iii) The Company and the Investor shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Investor of such resolution no later than ten ( 10 ) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline . The investment bank shall identify which partys position was correct or closest to the resolution determined by the investment bank (ie . , the Prevailing Party ) and the fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the party that is not the Prevailing Party . Such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error . (c) GOOD FAITH ATTEMPT TO RESOLVE OTHER DISPUTES . If either the Company or the Investor believes that a dispute not covered by Section 10 . 16 (b) has arisen under these Transaction Documents, that party, prior to commencing arbitration, must provide the other side with written notice detailing the nature of the alleged dispute . Upon receipt of such written notice, the parties are required to engage in good faith negotiations in an attempt to resolve the dispute for a period of not less than fourteen ( 14 ) days, such time as may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties . If the Company and the Investor are unable to resolve such dispute within that fourteen ( 14 ) day period (or any period of extension as agreed by the parties), then either party may pursue resolution of the dispute pursuant to Section 10 . 16 (d) . (d) ARBITRATION . Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim that may arise between the Company and the Investor in connection with these Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any claim that, for whatever reason, was not resolved by the procedures of Section 10 . 16 (b) ; and all claims arising out of or relating to the validity, construction, interpretation, enforceability, breach, performance, application or termination of these Transaction Documents), shall be submitted to binding arbitration governed by the rules of the American Arbitration Association . The seat of the arbitration shall be in the State and County of New York . There shall be only one arbitrator selected in accordance with the rules of the American Arbtiration Association . The arbitration shall be conducted in English and may be conducted in a virtual setting . The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered thereon . (e) COSTS AND AWARD . Each side must bear its own costs and legal fees during the pendency of the arbitration . A partys failure to pay any costs or fees required to proceed in the arbitration, as they timely come due, shall result in an immediate default against that party . The prevailing party in the arbitration shall be entitled to recoup all its reasonable attorneys fees and costs from the nonprevailing, including, without limitation, all of its costs relating to the arbitration, excluding only the costs incurred in connection with the procedures of Section 10 . 16 (b) . The arbitrators final award shall include this assessment of costs and fees . That award also shall include interest from the date of any damages incurred for breach of these Transaction Documents, and from the date of the award until paid in full assessed at the prevailing statutory rate . The nonprevailing party must promptly pay that award in U . S . dollars, free of any tax, deduction or offset . Further, in the event a party fails to proceed with arbitration, unsuccessfully challenges the arbitrators award, or fails to comply with the arbitrators award, the other party is entitled to all costs of suit including all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in respect to any of these further actions . With respect to damages, the only damages recoverable under these Transaction Documents are compensatory ; both the Company and the Investor expressly disclaim the right to seek punitive or other exemplary damages ; ACTIVE 703770992v10

ACTIVE 703770992v10 provided that , and notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 10 . 16 , if the Company fails to timely deliver Securities to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, the Investor may pursue any remedy available at law or in equity, including exemplary, punitive, special, indirect, or consequential damages . (f) INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . Provided a party has made a sufficient showing under applicable law, the arbitrator shall have the freedom to invoke, and the parties agree to abide by, injunctive measures that either party submits in writing for arbitration claims requiring immediate relief . Additionally, nothing in this Section 10 . 16 shall preclude either party from seeking equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other inteum equitable relief, concerning a dispute either prior to or during arbitration if necessary to protect the interests of such party or to preserve the status quo pending the arbitration proceeding . (g) CONFIDENTIALITY . The arbitration proceeding and subsequent award shall be confidential . The arbitrator shall issue appropriate protective orders to safeguard each partys confidential information . Except as required by law (or if necessary to enforce the award), including without limitation securities regulations, neither party is to make any public announcement with respect to the proceedings or decision of the arbitrator without the prior written consent of the other party . The existence of any dispute submitted to arbitration, and the award, shall be kept in confidence by the parties thereto and the arbitrator, except as required in connection with the enforcement of such an award or as otherwise required by law . Section 10 . 17 NOTICES . All notices, demands, requests, consents, waivers, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith . Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) . The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Company : OSR HOLDINGS INC. 10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300 Bellevue, WA 98004 Attention: Kuk Hyoun Hwang, CEO Email: peter.hwang@osr - holdings.com with a copy (not constituting notice) to:

ACTIVE 703770992v10 K&L Gates LLP 925 Fourth Avenue, Suite 2900 Seattle, WA 98104 Attention: Gary Kocher Email: gary.kocher@klgates.com If to the Investor : White Lion Capital, LLC, dba White Lion GBM Innovation Fund 17631 Ventura Blvd., Suite 1008 Encino, CA 91316 Attention: Yash Thukral, Managing Director E - mail: team@whitelioncapital.com With a copy (not constituting notice) to: Greenberg Traurig, P.A. 333 S.E. 2nd Avenue Miami, FL 33131 Attn: John D. Owens, III, Esq. E - mail: jo@gtlaw.com Either party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 10.17 by giving prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto. ** Signature Page Follows **

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the Execution Date. OSR Holdings Inc. By: Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang Title: Chief Executive Officer White Lion Capital, LLC dba/ White Lion GBM Innovation Fund By: Name: Yash Thukral Title: Managing Director ACTIVE 703770992v10

ACTIVE 703770992v10 EXHIBIT A FORM OF RAPID PURCHASE NOTICE TO: WHITE LION CAPITAL, LLC We refer to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25 , 2025 , (the Agreemen t ), entered into by and between OSR Holdings Inc . , and White Lion Capital, LLC . Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein . We hereby: 1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase Purchase Notice Shares at the Rapid Purchase Price; and 2) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement are satisfied. OSR Holdings Inc. By: Name: Title:

ACTIVE 703770992v10 EXHIBIT B FORM OF VWAP PURCHASE NOTICE TO: WHITE LION CAPITAL, LLC We refer to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25 , 2025 , (the Agreemen t ), entered into by and between OSR Holdings Inc . , and White Lion Capital, LLC . Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein . We hereby: 1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase Purchase Notice Shares at the VWAP Purchase Price; and 2) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement are satisfied. OSR Holdings Inc. By: Name: Title:

ACTIVE 703770992v10 EXHIBIT C REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

ACTIVE 703770992v10 EXHIBIT D IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023247401ex10-2_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN OSR HOLDINGS, INC. AND WHITE LION CAPITAL LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION COPY REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement ) is entered into effective as February 25 , 2025 (the Execution Date ), by and between OSR Holdings Inc . , a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company ), and White Lion Capital, LLC, dba White Lion GBM Innovation Fund, a Nevada limited liability company (the Investor ) . RECITALS A. WHEREAS, t he parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations forth under that certain common stock purchase agreement between the parties dated as of the Execution Date (the Purchase Agreement ), during the Commitment Period (as defined therein) , the Company may issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $ 80 , 000 , 000 in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued s hares of Common Stock ; and B. WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of, and in consideration for the Investor entering into, the Purchase Agreement, and to induce the Investor to execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide the Investor with certain registration rights with respect to the Registrable Securities (as defined herein) as set forth herein . AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows : 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings : (a) Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement (b) Allowable Grace Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3 (o) . (c) Blue Sky Filing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6 (a) . (d) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. (e) Claims shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6 (a) . (f) Commission means the U . S . Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity . (g) Common Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Purchase Agreement . 508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5

(h) Company shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. (i) Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission. (j) Indemnified Damages shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a) . (k) Initial Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(a) . (l) Investor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. (m) Investor Party and Investor Parties shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in Section 6(a) . (n) Legal Counsel shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(b) . (o) New Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(c) . (p) Person means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, governmental agency or authority . (q) Prospectus means the prospectus in the form included in the Registration Statement at the applicable Effective Date of the Registration Statement, as supplemented from time to time by any Prospectus Supplement, including the documents incorporated by reference therein . (r) Prospectus Supplement means any prospectus supplement to the Prospectus filed with the Commission from time to time pursuant to Rule 424 (b) under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein . (s) Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. (t) register , registered , and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant to Rule 415 and the declaration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the Commission . (u) Registrable Securities means all of (i) the Purchase Notice Shares, (ii) the Commitment Shares, (iii) any capital stock issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement, and (iv) any capital stock of the Company issued or issuable with respect to such Purchase Notice Shares or Commitment Shares, including, without limitation, ( 1 ) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise and ( 2 ) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the s hares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged and shares of capital stock of a successor entity into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, in each case until such time as such securities cease to be Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2 (f) . (v) Registration Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(a) . 508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 2

(w) Registration Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the Securities Act registering the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities, including without limitation a New Registration Statement, as such registration statement or registration statements may be amended and supplemented from time to time, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein . (x) Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration . (y) Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission providing for offering securities on a delayed or continuous basis . (z) Staff shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(c). (aa) Transfer Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(j). (bb) Violations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a) . 2. Registration . (a) Mandatory Registration . The Company shall, no later than thirty ( 30 ) days following the closing of the Business Combination, file with the Commission an initial Registration Statement on Form S - 1 (or any successor form) registering the resale by the Investor of the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable Commission rules, regulations and interpretations (determined as of two Business Days prior to such submission or filing) so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) (the Initial Registration Statement ) . The Initial Registration Statement shall contain a Prospectus describing the material terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, and disclosing all information relating to the transactions contemplated thereby required to be disclosed in the Prospectus, including, without limitation, Selling Stockholder and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially the forms approved in writing by the Investor, in order to conform, in all material respects when filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 (b) under the Securities Act, to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder . The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement declared effective by the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof with the Commission ; provided, however , that the Companys obligations to include the Registrable Securities in the Initial Registration Statement are contingent upon the Investor furnishing in writing to the Company such information, and executing such documents, in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request in accordance with Section 4 (a) . (b) Legal Counsel . Subject to Section 5 hereof, the Investor shall have the right to select one legal counsel to review and oversee, solely on its behalf, any registration pursuant to this Section 2 ( Legal Counsel ), which shall be Greenberg Traurig, P . A . , or such other counsel as thereafter designated by the Investor and reasonably acceptable to the Company . The Company shall have no 508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 3

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 4 obligation to reimburse the Investor for any legal fees and expenses of the Legal Counsel incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. (c) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered . If at any time all Registrable Securities are not covered by the Initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 (a) as a result of Section 2 (e) or otherwise, or the Initial Registration Statement is no longer effective, the Comp a ny shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent necessary and permissible, to amend the Initial Registration Statement, cause an existing registration statement that has been filed but not declared effective by the Commission to become effective, or to file with the Commission one or more additional Registration Statements (which, if the Company shall at such time have qualified for the use of a Registration Statement on Form S - 3 or any successor form thereto, may be Registration Statement(s) on Form S - 3 or any similar short - form Registration Statement in lieu of a Registration Statement o n Form S - 1 ) so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities not covered by the Initial Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable (taking into account any position of the staff of the Commission ( Staff ) with respect to the date on which the Staff will permit such additional Registration Statement(s) to be filed with the Commission and the rules and regulations of the Commission) (each such additional Registration Statement, a New Registration Statement ) . The Comp a ny shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such N e w Registration Statement to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof with the Commission . (d) No Inclusion of Other Securities ; Statutory Underwriter Status . Other than securities held by parties that have piggyback registration rights, as described in the SEC Documents, that expressly require the inclusion of such securities, the Company shall not include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2 (a) or Section 2 (c) without consulting the Investor and Legal Counsel and receiving the written consent of the Investor, prior to filing such Registration Statement with the Commission . The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any Prospectus contained therein to the extent required by applicable law and to the extent the Prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities . (e) Offering . If the Staff or the Commission seeks to prevent the Company from including any or all of the Registrable Securities proposed to be registered under a Registration Statement due to limitations on the use of Rule 415 , or if after the filing of any Registration Statement, or any Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, pursuant to Section 2 (a) or Section 2 (c) , the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the Commission to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration Statement (after consultation with the Investor and Legal Counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom), to no more than the maximum number of securities as is permitted to be registered by the Commission until such time as the Staff and the Commission shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if after giving effect to the actions referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, the Staff or the Commission does not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor of Registrable Securities on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 at then - prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), the Company shall not request acceleration of the Effective Date of such Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) request the withdrawal of such Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 477 under the Securities Act . In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall use its commercially

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 5 reasonable efforts to file one or more New Registration Statements with the Commission in accordance with Section 2 (c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the Prospectuses contained therein are available for use by the Investor . (f) Any Registrable Security shall cease to be a Registrable Security at the earliest of the following : (i) when a Registration Statement covering such Registrable Security becomes or has been declared effective by the Commission and such Registrable Security has been sold or disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement by the Investor ; (ii) when such Registrable Security is held by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries ; (iii) such securities are sold by the Investor under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met and (iv) such securities become eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner - of - sale restrictions, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 (c) or Rule 144 (i)( 2 ) thereunder . 3. Related Obligations . For the duration of the Registration Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall have the following obligations : (a) Following the Execution Date, the Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2 (a ) hereof and one or more New Registration Statements pursuant to Section 2 (c) hereof with respect to the Registrable Securities, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing . Subject to Allowable Grace Periods, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep each Registration Statement effective (and the Prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule 415 for resales by the Investor of Registrable Securities on a continuous basis at then - prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, (ii) the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement if as of such termination date the Investor holds no Registrable Securities (or, if applicable, the date on which such securities cease to be Registrable Securities after the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement) and (iii) all such securities cease to be Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2 (f)(iii) or Section 2 (f)(iv) (the Registration Period ) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement (but subject to the provisions of Section 3 (o) hereof), the Company shall ensure that, when filed and at all times while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of Prospectuses, in light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading . The Company shall submit to the Commission, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date that the Company learns that no review of a particular Registration Statement will be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement (as the case may be), a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Rule 461 under the Securities Act .

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 6 (b) Subject to Section 3 (o) of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the Commission such amendments (including, without limitation, post - effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection with each such Registration Statement, which Prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep each such Registration Statement effective (and the Prospectus contained therein current and available for use) at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the Investor as set forth in such Registration Statement . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company covenants and agrees that (i) on the second ( 2 nd ) Business Day immediately following the Effective Date of the Initial Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement (or any post - effective amendment thereto), the Company shall file with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424 (b) under the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration Statement (or post - effective amendment thereto), and (ii) if the transactions contemplated by any Purchase Notice are material to the Company (individually or collectively with all other prior Purchase Notices, the consummation of which have not previously been reported in any Prospectus Supplement filed with the Commission under Rule 424 (b) under the Securities Act or in any report, statement or other document filed by the Company with the Commission under the Exchange Act), or if otherwise required under the Securities Act (or the interpretations of the Commission thereof), in each case as reasonably determined by the Company and the Investor, then, on the first ( 1 st ) Business Day immediately following the Closing Date, if a Purchase Notice was properly delivered to the Investor hereunder in connection with such purchase, the Company shall file with the Commission a Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule 424 (b) under the Securities Act with respect to the purchase(s), the total purchase amount for the Purchase Notice Shares subject to such purchase(s) (as applicable), the applicable Purchase Amount(s) for such Purchase Notice Shares and the net proceeds that are to be (and, if applicable, have been) received by the Company from the sale of such Purchase Notice Shares . To the extent not previously disclosed in the Prospectus or a Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall disclose in its Annual Reports on Form 1 0 - K the information described in the immediately preceding sentence relating to all purchase(s) consummated during the relevant fiscal quarter and shall file such Quarterly R eports and Annual Reports with the Commission within the applicable time period prescribed for such report under the Exchange Act . In the case of amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement on Form S - 1 , Form S - 3 or Prospectus related thereto that are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to this Section 3 (b) ) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8 - K, Form 10 - Q or Form 10 - K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement and Prospectus, if applicable and if such ability to incorporate such report by reference is available to the Company at such time , or shall file such amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus with the Commission on the same day on which the Exchange Act report is filed that created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus, for the purpose of including or incorporating such report into such Registration Statement and Prospectus . The Company consents to the use of the Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement thereto) included in each Registration Statement in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act and with the securities or Blue Sky laws of the jurisdictions in which the Registrable Securities may be sold by the Investor, in connection with the resale of the Registrable Securities and for such period of time thereafter as such Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 7 thereto) (or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173 (a) under the Securities Act) is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with resales of Registrable Securities . (c) The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel an opportunity to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least two ( 2 ) Business Days prior to its filing with the Commission and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the Commission, and (B) shall reasonably consider any comments of the Investor and Legal Counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained therein . The Company shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from the Commission or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall be redacted to exclude any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the Commission, one ( 1 ) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one ( 1 ) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto ; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in . PDF format) to Legal Counsel to the extent such document is available on Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System ( EDGAR ) . (d) Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the Commission, at least one ( 1 ) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, (ii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one ( 1 ) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto and (iii) such other documents, including, without limitation, copies of any final Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement thereto, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor ; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in . PDF format) to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR . (e) Except during any OTC Blackout period, the Company shall take such action as is reasonably necessary to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification applies, the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities, under such other securities or Blue Sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including, without limitation, post - effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions ; provided , however , the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3 (e) , (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction . The Company shall promptly notify Legal Counsel and the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 8 to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose . (f) The Company shall notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the Prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, that in no event shall such notice contain any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject to Section 3 (o) , promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such Prospectus contained therein to correct such untrue statement or omission . The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or post - effective amendment has been filed, when a Registration Statement or any post - effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel and the Investor by e - mail on the same day of such effectiveness), and w hen the Comp a ny receives written notice from the Commission that a Registration Statement or any post - effective amendment will be reviewed b y the Commission, (ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related Prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post - effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate and (iv) of the receipt of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related Prospectus . The Comp a ny shall respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto . Nothing in this Section 3 (f) shall limit any obligation of the Com p any under the Purchase Agreement . (g) The Company shall (i) use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an exemption from qualification, of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible time and (ii) notify Legal Counsel and the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding . (h) The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required to be disclosed in such Registration Statement pursuant to the Securities Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non - appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document . The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information .

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 9 (i) Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts either to (i) cause all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on the Principal Market, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement on another Principal Market . The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 3 (i) . (j) The Company shall cooperate with the Investor and, to the extent applicable, use its commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of Registrable Securities, as DWAC Shares, to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such DWAC Shares to be in such denominations or amounts (as the case may be) as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time . Investor hereby agrees that it shall cooperate with the Company, its counsel and its transfer agent (the Transfer Agent ) in connection with any issuances of DWAC Shares, and hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that that it will resell such DWAC Shares only pursuant to the Registration Statement in which such DWAC Shares are included, in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in such Registration Statement, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U . S . federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act . At the time such DWAC Shares are offered and sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, such DWAC Shares shall be free from all restrictive legends (except as otherwise required by applicable federal laws) and may be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Investor by crediting an account at DTC as directed in writing by the Investor . (k) Upon the written request of the Investor, the Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of notice from the Investor, and subject to Section 3 (o) hereof, (i) incorporate in a Prospectus Supplement or post - effective amendment such information as the Investor reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering ; (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus Supplement or post - effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus Supplement or post - effective amendment ; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or Prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested by the Investor . (l) [Reserved] . (m) The Company shall make generally available to its security holders (which may be satisfied by making such information available on EDGAR) as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of Rule 158 under the Securities Act) covering a twelve - month period beginning not later than the first day of the Companys fiscal quarter next following the applicable Effective Date of each Registration Statement . (n) The Company shall otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission in connection with any registration hereunder . (o) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3 (o) ), at any time, the Company may, upon written notice to Investor, delay the filing or effectiveness of any Registration Statement, or suspend Investors use of any Prospectus that is a part

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 10 of any Registration Statement (in which event the Investor shall discontinue sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement, but shall settle any previously made sales of Registrable Securities) if the Company determines that in order for such Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain a material misstatement or omission, (i) an amendment or supplement thereto would be needed to include information at that time, (ii) the negotiation or consummation of a transaction by the Company or its subsidiaries is pending or an event has occurred, which negotiation, consummation or event the Companys board of directors reasonably believes would require additional disclosure by the Company in such Registration Statement or Prospectus of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for keeping confidential and the non - disclosure of which in such Registration Statement or Prospectus would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Companys board of directors, to cause such Registration Statement or Prospectus to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements of the Commission, or (iii) in the good faith judgment of the Companys board of directors, such filing or effectiveness or use of such Registration Statement or Prospectus, as applicable, would be materially detrimental to the Company and, as a result, that it is essential to defer such filing, effectiveness or use (each, an Allowable Grace Period ) ; provided, however , that in no event shall the Company delay or suspend the filing, effectiveness or use of any Registration Statement or Prospectus for a period that exceeds 45 consecutive Business Days or an aggregate of 90 total Business Days in any 365 - day period ; and provided, further , the Company shall not effect any such suspension during the applicable valuation period following the applicable purchase notice date for each purchase Purchase Notice Shares . Upon disclosure of such information or the termination of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt notice, but in any event within one Business Day of such disclosure or termination, to the Investor and shall promptly terminate any suspension or delay it has put into effect and shall take such other reasonable actions to permit registered sales of Registrable Securities as contemplated in this Agreement (including as set forth in the first sentence of Section 3 (f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material nonpublic information is no longer applicable) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3 (o) , the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to deliver DWAC Shares to a transferee of the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which (i) the Company has made a sale to Investor and (ii) the Investor has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the Prospectus included as part of the particular Registration Statement to the extent applicable, in each case prior to the Investors receipt of the notice of an Allowable Grace Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled . (p) The Company shall at all times maintain the services of the Transfer Agent with respect to the administration of its Common Stock . 4. Obligations of the Investor . (a) At least five ( 5 ) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement (or such shorter period to which the parties agree), the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from the Investor with respect to such Registration Statement . It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of the Investor that the Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request .

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 11 (b) The Investor, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless the Investor has notified the Company in writing of the Investors election to exclude all of the Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement . (c) The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(o) or the first sentence of 3(f) , the Investor shall (i) immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 3(o) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required and (ii) maintain the confidentiality of any information included in such notice delivered by the Company unless otherwise required by law or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c) , the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to deliver DWAC Shares to a transferee of the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which the Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(o) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) and for which the Investor has not yet settled. (d) The Investor covenants and agrees that it shall comply with the prospectus delivery and other requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement . 5. Expenses of Registration . All reasonable expenses of the Company, other than sales or brokerage commissions and fees and disbursements of counsel for, and other expenses of, the Investor, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 , including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees incurred by the Company, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company . 6. Indemnification . (a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and each of the directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Investor Party and collectively, the Investor Partie s ), against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees, costs of defense and investigation), amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims ) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the Commission, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Investor Party is or may be a party thereto

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 12 ( Indemnified Damages ), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon : (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post - effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other Blue S ky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered ( Blue Sky Filing ), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) or in any Prospectus Supplement or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations ) . Subject to Section 6 (c) , the Company shall reimburse the Investor Parties, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6 (a) : (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Investor Party arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs (A) as a result of the Investor Partys affirmatively adjudicated fraud, bad faith, negligence or misconduct, or (B) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Investor Party for such Investor Party expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that only written information expressly confirmed and consented to in writing by the Investor as furnished by the Investor for use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement shall be utilized by the Company for such purposes) ; (ii) shall not be available to the Investor to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) made available by the Company (to the extent applicable), including, without limitation, a corrected Prospectus, if such Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) or corrected Prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3 (d) and then only if, and to the extent that, following the receipt of the corrected Prospectus no grounds for such Claim would have existed ; and (iii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed . Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9 . (b) In connection with any Registration Statement in which the Investor is participating, the Investor agrees to severally and not jointly indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6 (a) , the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Company Party ), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement, the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that only written information expressly confirmed and consented to in writing by the Investor as furnished by the Investor for use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement shall be utilized by the Company for such purposes) ; and, subject to Section 6 (c) and the

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 13 below provisos in this Section 6 (b) , the Investor shall reimburse a Company Party any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Company Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim ; provided , however , the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6 (b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed ; and provided, further that the Investor shall be liable under this Section 6 (b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor as a result of the applicable sale of Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement . Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Company Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9 . (c) Promptly after receipt by an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6 , deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Party or the Company Party (as the case may be) ; provided , however , an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if : (i) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses ; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) in any such Claim ; or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include both such Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Investor Party or such Company Party (as the case may be) shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Investor Party or such Company Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Investor Party or such Company Party (as the case may be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, then the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof on behalf of the indemnified party and such counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party), provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the indemnifying party shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one ( 1 ) separate legal counsel for all Investor Parties or Company Parties (as the case may be) . The Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) which relates to such action or Claim . The indemnifying party shall keep the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto . No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent ; provided , however , the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent . No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Company Party or Investor

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 14 Party (as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation, and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Company Party . For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to Sections 6 (a ) and 6 (b) hereof . Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made . The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 , except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced in its ability to defend such action . (d) No Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities who is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11 (f) of the Securities Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to indemnification from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who is not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation . (e) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred ; provided that any Person receiving any payment pursuant to this Section 6 shall promptly reimburse the Person making such payment for the amount of such payment to the extent a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such Person receiving such payment was not entitled to such payment . (f) The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Company Party or Investor Party against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law . 7 . Contribution . To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law ; provided , however : (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11 (f) of the Securities Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation ; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount of net proceeds received by such seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement . Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7 , the Investor shall not be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by the Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Claim exceeds the amount of any damages that the Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to pay under Section 6 (b) , by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission . 8. Reports Under the Exchange Act . With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 15 (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts to make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144 ; (b) use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood that nothing herein shall limit any of the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144 ; (c) furnish to the Investor, so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144 and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company with the Commission if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration ; and (d) take such additional commercially reasonable action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 , including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Transfer Agent as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144 . 9. Assignment of Registration Rights . Neither the Company nor the Investor shall assign this Agreement or any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder . 10. Amendment or Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought . Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof . 11. Miscellaneous . (a) Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities . If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from such record owner of such Registrable Securities . (b) Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be given in accordance with Section 10 . 17 of the Purchase Agreement .

508674188.3 ACTIVE 703767377v5 16 (c) Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof . The Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached . It is accordingly agreed that either party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement by the other party and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which either party may be entitled by law or equity . (d) All questions concerning the governing law, construction, validity, enforcement, arbitration, dispute resolution and interpretation of this Agreement shall be under the same terms as set forth under Article X of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 10 . 1 , 10 . 2 , 10 . 11 , 10 . 12 , and 10 . 16 thereunder . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY . (e) The Transaction Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties solely with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between the parties, both oral and written, solely with respect to such matters . There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by either party relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit, modify or affect in any manner whatsoever (i) the conditions precedent to a purchase contained in Article VII of the Purchase Agreement or (ii) any of the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement . (f) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors . This Agreement is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and the Persons referred to in Sections 6 and 7 hereof (and in such case, solely for the purposes set forth therein) . (g) The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof . Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof . The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation . The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found . (h) This Agreement may be executed and delivered electronically and in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party . (i) Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby .

ACTIVE 703767377v5 508674188.3 17 (j) The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 12 . Termination . This Agreement shall terminate in its entirety upon the date on which the Investor shall no longer hold any Registrable Securities ; provided , that the provisions of Sections 6 , 7 , 9 , 10 and 11 shall remain in full force and effect for the longest period under applicable laws . [S ignature Pages Follow ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Investor and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date. COMPANY : OSR HOLDINGS INC. By: Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang Title: Chief Executive Officer INVESTOR : White Lion Capital, LLC dba White Lion GBM Innovation Fund By: Name: Yash Thukral Title: Managing Director ACTIVE 703767377v5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-1_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-1_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-1_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-1_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-1_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex10-1_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex10-1_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex10-1_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex10-1_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex10-1_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex10-1_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex10-1_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex10-1_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex10-1_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex10-1_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex10-1_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex10-1_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex10-1_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex10-1_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex10-1_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex10-1_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex10-1_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex10-1_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex10-1_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex10-1_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex10-1_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex10-1_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex10-1_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex10-1_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex10-1_034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex10-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex10-2_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex10-2_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex10-2_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex10-2_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex10-2_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex10-2_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex10-2_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex10-2_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex10-2_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex10-2_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex10-2_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex10-2_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex10-2_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex10-2_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex10-2_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex10-2_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>osrh-20250225.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>osrh-20250225_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>osrh-20250225_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>osrh-20250225_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 25, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41390

Entity Registrant Name OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001840425

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-5052822

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 10900 NE 4th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2300

Entity Address, City or Town Bellevue

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98004

City Area Code 425

Local Phone Number 635-7700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol OSRH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol OSRHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OSRH_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OSRH_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://holdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232474-8k_osrhold.htm 
osrh-20250225.xsd 
osrh-20250225_def.xml 
osrh-20250225_lab.xml 
osrh-20250225_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-018204-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>ea0232474-8k_osrhold_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001840425 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

0001840425 

OSRH:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

0001840425 

OSRH:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001840425 
8-K 
2025-02-25 
OSR HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-41390 
84-5052822 
10900 NE 4th Street 
Suite 2300 
Bellevue 
WA 
98004 
425 
635-7700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
OSRH 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
OSRHW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>