<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-030640.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-030640.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410160122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-030640
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PMGC Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				851399981
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41875
		FILM NUMBER:		25828284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-445-4886

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Elevai Labs Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reactive Medical Labs Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237224-8k_pmgchold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184056300018405632025-04-092025-04-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 9, 2025

PMGC Holdings Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41875 33-2382547

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

c/o 120 Newport Center Drive, Ste. 249

Newport Beach, CA 92660

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (888) 445-4886

Elevai Labs Inc.

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value ELAB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Development and
License Agreement between Northstrive Biosciences Inc. and YuvaBio Biosciences, Inc.

On April 9, 2025 (Effective
Date), Northstrive Biosciences Inc. (Northstrive), a wholly owned subsidiary of PMGC Holdings Inc. (the Company),
entered into the Development and License Agreement (Agreement) with Yuva Biosciences, Inc. (YuvaBio, and,
together with Northstrive, the Parties). Pursuant to the Agreement, YuvaBio will develop certain mitochondrial science related
technology for Northstrive using artificial intelligence (AI) and Northstrive will obtain a worldwide, exclusive license
from YuvaBio for purposes of researching, developing, and commercializing one or more therapeutic products derived from such technology
exclusively within its Field of Use (as defined below), explicitly Cardiac Diseases and Obesity (as such terms are defined in the Agreement).
Terms used in this Current Report on Form 8-K which are not defined have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

Term

The term of the Agreement
(Term) begins on the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated pursuant to Article 5 of the Agreement (for cause or
for convenience), will expire as follows: (a) on a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product-by-Licensed FOU Product (as defined below) basis,
upon the expiration of the Royalty Term (as defined below) for such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product; (b) in its entirety upon the expiration
of the Royalty Term with respect to the last Licensed Northstrive FOU Product being developed, manufactured, or commercialized anywhere
in the world. Additionally, either Party may terminate the Agreement for cause upon written notice to the other Party, without liability,
upon (i) the other Partys becoming subject to bankruptcy proceedings, ceases or suspends its business, or makes an assignment of
the majority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) the other Partys material breach of the Agreement, which breach
is not cured pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. Northstrive may terminate the Agreement for convenience upon 10 days written
notice to YuvaBio, and if such termination occurs prior to the completion of the Program (as defined below), Northstrive shall pay YuvaBio
an early termination fee and for YuvaBios already-incurred or non-cancellable costs and/or expenses.

AI Development Program

The Agreement provides
for the Parties collaboration on a multi-phase AI Development Program (Program or AI Development Program)
in accordance with the plan set forth in the Agreement. As part of the Program, YuvaBio will develop mitochondrial science related technology
for Northstrive and identify drug candidates with the potential to improve mitochondrial health and cardiometabolic function. YuvaBio
will test its computational findings for biological activity on custom assays and identify and recommend a shortlist of promising compounds
to Northstrive.

Payments

In
exchange for the rights and license granted to Northstrive under the Agreement, YuvaBio will receive: (i) an upfront fee upon the parties
entry into the Agreement and payments made based on initiation and completion of phases in the Program, (ii) certain developmental milestone
payments on a Licensed FOU Product-by-Licensed FOU Product basis, and (iii) royalties on Net Sales. After expiration of the applicable
Royalty Term (as defined below) for a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product (as defined below), the licenses granted to Northstrive pursuant
to the Agreement will continue in effect but will become fully paid, royalty free, transferable, perpetual, and irrevocable.

1

License;
Intellectual Property Rights

Subject to the terms of the Agreement, YuvaBio and its Affiliates grant
to Northstrive a worldwide license exclusive within the Northstrive Field of Use (including as to YuvaBio), with the right to grant sublicensees
through multiple tiers to and under the YuvaBio Licensed Technology. During and after the Term, Northstrive will exclusively retain all
right, title and interest in and to all of the Northstrive Background IP (as defined below), and YuvaBio will exclusively retain all right,
title and interest in and to all of the YuvaBio Background IP (as defined below). Excluding the Northstrive Background IP and the YuvaBio
Background IP, regardless of inventorship, YuvaBio will solely own the YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP (as defined below). Subject to YuvaBios
rights to the YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP, Northstrive will solely own all right all right, title and interest in and to (a) certain results
of the Program (as fully set forth in the Agreement); and (b) the Northstrive Product IP (as defined below).

During the Term and for one (1) year following
completion of a certain milestone set forth in the Agreement, YuvaBio granted to Northstrive a right of first refusal to negotiate an
exclusive license for any field of use outside of the Northstrive Field of Use which is within the Expanded Field of Use (as defined in
the Agreement).

Licensed
Northstrive FOU Product means any therapeutic product comprising a compound within the AI Results that is developed, manufactured,
or sold by Northstrive (or its Affiliates or sublicensees) within the Northstrive Field of Use.

Northstrive Background IP means
Intellectual Property Rights created, conceived, owned, controlled or developed by or for Northstrive: (a) on or before the Effective
Date, or (b) which result from activities which are independent from but concurrent with the Agreement. Any inventions which use or improve
upon YuvaBios confidential information or YuvaBio Background IP will not be considered independent.

Northstrive
Field of Use means Cardiac Diseases and Obesity.

Northstrive Product IP means any
Intellectual Property Rights created by or on behalf of Northstrive that are specifically directed toward the development, manufacture,
clinical and therapeutic use, and commercialization of any Licensed Northstrive FOU Products. Northstrive Product IP does not include
any YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP.

YuvaBio Background IP means all
Intellectual Property Rights created, conceived, owned, controlled or developed by or for YuvaBio: (a) on or before the Effective Date
or (b) which result from activities which are independent from but concurrent with the Agreement Any inventions which use or improve upon
Northstrives confidential information or Northstrive Background IP will not be considered independent.

YuvaBio Licensed Technology means
the YuvaBio Patent Rights and only specific YuvaBio Know-How that is directly utilized by YuvaBio under the Program, solely to the extent
necessary for the exploitation of Licensed Northstrive FOU Products under the Agreement.

YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP means
(a) all methods, techniques, and processes for using artificial intelligence to discover drug targets and drug candidates, including
as related to the AI Activities and all software code developed; and (b) certain results of the Program (as fully set forth in the Agreement).

Royalty
Term means, on a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product-by-Licensed Northstrive FOU Product basis, the period commencing on the First
Commercial Sale of such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product until the latest to occur of:

(a) the expiration of the last to expire Valid Claim of the YuvaBio
Patent Rights that Covers such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product;

(b) the twelve (12) year anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of
the Licensed Northstrive FOU Product in such country.

The
foregoing summary of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and are qualified in its entirety by a copy of the
License Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company issued a press release
announcing the Parties entry into the Agreement on April 10, 2025. A copy of the press release is filed herein as Exhibit 99.1.
Exhibit 99.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in
Exhibit 99.1 shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1+ Development and License Agreement between Northstrive Biosciences Inc. and Yuva Biosciences, Inc.

99.1 Press Release dated April 10, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL).

+ Portions of this exhibit have been redacted.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April
10, 2025

PMGC Holdings Inc. 

By: /s/ Graydon Bensler 

Name: Graydon Bensler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023722401ex10-1_pmgchold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN NORTHSTRIVE BIOSCIENCES INC. AND YUVA BIOSCIENCES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND OF A TYPE THAT PMGC HOLDINGS INC. TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. SUCH
REDACTED PORTIONS ARE INDICATED WITH [***].

DEVELOPMENT
AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

This DEVELOPMENT
AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (Agreement), made and entered into as of April 9, 2025 (Effective Date)
by and between Yuva Biosciences, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware,
having its principal office at 1500 First Avenue N Suite L133, Birmingham, AL 35203 (together with its Affiliates, YuvaBio),
and Northstrive Biosciences Inc. (formerly known as Elevai Biosciences, Inc.), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue
of the laws of the State of Nevada, having its principal office at 120 Newport Center Drive, Suite 250, Newport Beach, California
92660 (together with its Affiliates, Northstrive) (hereunder referred to jointly as the Parties,
or individually as a Party).

BACKGROUND

This Agreement sets
forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which (a) YuvaBio will develop certain mitochondrial science related technology for Northstrive
using artificial intelligence (AI), and (b) Northstrive will obtain a license to such technology for purposes of researching, developing,
and commercializing one or more therapeutic products derived from such technology exclusively within the defined Field of Use (FOU),
explicitly Cardiac Diseases and Obesity. For clarity, Cardiac Diseases are diseases primarily targeting cardiac pathology
and specifically exclude diseases with secondary cardiac involvement. Based on the foregoing premises, and in consideration of the promises
and covenants set forth below, and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
and intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Affiliate
shall mean any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with a Party to this Agreement, excluding joint ventures between
a Party and a third party. For purposes of this Agreement, the direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
securities of, or voting interest in, an entity shall be deemed to constitute control.

1.2 AI
Development Program or AIDP means the activities that are conducted by YuvaBio under this Agreement in
accordance with the Development Plan outlined in Exhibit A. The AIDP will involve conducting AI activities in three phases (Phase I, Phase
II, and Phase III, as set forth in Appendix A) using YuvaBios proprietary methodologies and systems (AI Activities).
[***]

1.3 Change
of Control means the transfer of shares representing more than Fifty Percent (50%) of the shareholdings from the current shareholders
to a third party or third parties.

1.4 Combination Product
means any pharmaceutical product that comprises one or more active ingredients, including at least one Licensed Northstrive FOU Product,
combined with (a) one or more other therapeutically active pharmaceutical agents (whether co-formulated or co-packaged or otherwise sold
for a single price); or (b) together with any product, technology, device, software, application, process, or service (whether co-packaged
or otherwise sold for a single price) (each (a) and (b), an Other Component). For clarity, a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product
is not an Other Component.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 1 of 17

1.5 Confidential
Information is defined in the Mutual Non-Disclosure and Material Agreement effective between the parties as of January 8, 2025
(the NDA), which NDA is incorporated herein by reference and attached as Exhibit B.

1.6 Cover
means, with respect to a product, process, or service, that the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of such product
or service, or the practice of such process, would, absent a license, infringe a Valid Claim within the YuvaBio Patent Rights.

1.7 Development
Milestone shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.

1.8 Exploit
means, with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights, the right to make use of and derive benefit from such Intellectual Property Rights,
including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling, sublicensing, or otherwise commercially utilizing.

1.9 First
Commercial Sale the initial sale of a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product by Northstrive or its Affiliates or sublicensees to
a Third Party for distribution, use, or consumption in a country.

1.10 Intellectual
Property Rights shall mean all U.S. and foreign rights in and to all (a) Patent Rights, (b) copyrights and moral rights, (c)
unpatented information, trade secrets, know- how, invention disclosures, engineering notebooks, confidential information, data, or materials,
(d) trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names and similar rights, (e) mask work rights, and (f) any other intellectual
or other proprietary rights of any kind now known or hereafter recognized in any jurisdiction.

1.11 Licensed
Northstrive FOU Product means any therapeutic product comprising a compound within the AI Results that is developed, manufactured,
or sold by Northstrive (or its Affiliates or sublicensees) within the Northstrive Field of Use.

1.12 Net
Sales means the net sales recorded by Northstrive or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees (for the purpose of this Net Sales
definition, sublicensees will not include any distributors or wholesalers) for any Licensed Northstrive FOU Product sold
to Third Parties other than sublicensees, as determined by Northstrives or its sublicensees, as applicable, accounting standards,
as consistently applied. The deductions based on an accrual basis by Northstrive and its Affiliates under Northstrives accounting
standards and by sublicensees under each sublicensees accounting standards, in each case, to calculate the recorded net sales from
gross sales include the following:

(a) normal trade and
cash discounts;

(b) amounts repaid or
credited by reasons of defects, rejections, recalls or returns;

(c) rebates (or their
equivalent), chargebacks and retroactive price adjustments and any other similar allowances (including those granted to governmental authorities,
purchasers, reimbursers, customers, distributors, wholesalers, and group purchasing and managed care organizations and entities (and other
equivalent entities and institutions)) that effectively reduce the selling price or gross sales of the Licensed Northstrive FOU Product
(including those granted to Medicare, Medicaid, Managed Healthcare and similar types of rebates);

(d) amounts provided
or credited to customers through coupons and other discount programs;

Northstrive -YuvaBio 2 of 17

(e) delayed ship order
credits, discounts or payments related to the impact of price increases between purchase and shipping dates or retroactive price reductions;

(f) fee for service
payments to customers for any non-separable services (including compensation for maintaining agreed inventory levels and providing information);
and

(g) other reductions
or specifically identifiable amounts deducted for reasons similar to those above in accordance with the applicable accounting standards.

With respect to the
calculation of Net Sales:

Net Sales only include
the value charged or invoiced on the first arms length sale to a Third Party, and sales between or among Northstrive and its Affiliates,
Northstrive and sublicensees will be disregarded for purposes of calculating Net Sales; and if a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product is delivered
to the Third Party before being invoiced (or is not invoiced), Net Sales will be calculated at the time all the revenue recognition criteria
under the applicable accounting standards are met.

If a Licensed Northstrive
FOU Product is sold as a Combination Product, the Net Sales of the Licensed Northstrive FOU Product for purposes of determining royalties
on Licensed Northstrive FOU Product shall be determined by multiplying the Net Sales (as defined above in this Section) of the Combination
Product by the fraction, A/(A+B) where A is the weighted (by sales volume) average sale price in a particular country of the Licensed
Northstrive FOU Product (included in such Combination Product) in the prior calendar year when sold separately in finished form, and B
is the weighted average sale price in that country in the prior Calendar Year of the independent therapeutically active ingredient (included
in such Combination Product) sold separately in finished form. If such average sale price cannot be determined for both the Licensed Northstrive
FOU Product and the other product(s) in combination, Net Sales for purposes of determining royalty payments shall be agreed by the Parties
based on the relative value contributed by each component, such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that
the Parties are unable to agree on the relative value contributed by each component, then the matter will be resolved pursuant to Section
8.5.

1.13 Non-Recurring
Engineering Fee or NRE means that fee payable to YuvaBio for the allocation of its resources in support
of the AIDP.

1.14 Northstrive
Field of Use or Northstrive FOU means Cardiac Diseases and Obesity. Cardiac Diseases
are diseases which primarily target cardiac pathology and excludes those with only secondary cardiac involvement.

1.15 Northstrive
Product IP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

1.16 Patent
Rights shall mean all rights, titles, and interests under any patent or patent application, including all provisionals, divisionals,
continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, or reexaminations thereof, and all foreign counterparts and corresponding
rights.

1.17 Royalty
Term means, on Licensed Northstrive FOU Product-by-Licensed Northstrive FOU Product basis, the period commencing on the First
Commercial Sale of such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product until the latest to occur of:

(a) the expiration
of the last to expire Valid Claim of the YuvaBio Patent Rights that Covers such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product;

(b) the twelve (12)
year anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Northstrive FOU Product in such country.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 3 of 17

1.18 Valid
Claim means a claim of an issued and unexpired patent included in the YuvaBio Patent Rights, which has not been held invalid
or unenforceable by a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction in a decision from which no appeal can be taken or
has been taken within the time allowed for appeal, and which has not been disclaimed or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through
reissue, disclaimer, or otherwise.

1.19 YuvaBio
Licensed Technology shall mean the YuvaBio Patent Rights and only specific YuvaBio Know-How that is directly utilized by YuvaBio
under the AIDP, solely to the extent necessary for the Exploitation of Licensed Northstrive FOU Products under this Agreement.

1.20 YuvaBio
Know-How shall mean technical information, data, trade secrets, know-how, methods, or processes specifically disclosed by YuvaBio
during the AIDP, explicitly excluding broader trade secrets or proprietary information of YuvaBio that are not directly necessary for
the Exploitation of Licensed Northstrive FOU Products under this Agreement.

1.21 YuvaBio
Patent Rights shall mean all YuvaBio Patent Rights owned or controlled by YuvaBio.

2. AI DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM

2.1 AI
Development Program. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Northstrive and YuvaBio agree to work jointly and diligently
with each other toward the objectives of the AI Development Plan outlined in Exhibit A.

2.2 Change
Orders. Any revisions to the agreed-upon AI Development Plan shall be carried out through a Change Order and shall be subject to mutual
written agreement of the Parties, and when agreed upon will be incorporated into this Agreement, superseding or supplementing the previous
AI Development Plan.

2.3 Coordination.
YuvaBio and Northstrive agree to meet regularly during implementation of the AIDP, but in no event less than monthly, to discuss the progress
of the AIDP. Such meetings should be held web-based video conference in accordance with the AIDP schedule, or as otherwise mutually agreed
upon by the Parties. During implementation of the AIDP, subject to each Partys confidentiality obligations to any third party,
each Party will share with the other such of its information as may be necessary or useful (in the sole discretion of the disclosing party)
for the other Party to perform its obligations under the AI Development Plan and this Agreement.

2.4 Project
Managers and Program Management. Each Party shall appoint a principal point of contact to be its project manager (the Project
Manager) who shall coordinate and act as a liaison with the other Party with respect to this Agreement. A Party may from time
to time change its Project Manager upon written notice to the other Party. The Project Managers responsibilities shall include
overseeing and supervising its Partys fulfillment of its obligations under the AI Development Plan, understanding the obligations
of the other Party under the AI Development Plan, discussing the progress of the AIDP, and identifying barriers to success, key issues,
and issues-resolution options with the other Partys Project Manager.

2.5 Consideration and Payments (for AIDP).

(a) NRE
Fee. Northstrive agrees to pay to YuvaBio NRE fees on the following schedule:

i. (i) [***],

ii. (ii) [***]

iii. (iii) [***]).

[***]

Northstrive -YuvaBio 4 of 17

2.6 Press
Releases and Publications. Neither Party shall issue any press release or make any public announcement regarding this Agreement or
the collaboration without the prior written consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any publications
related to the collaboration shall require mutual written approval of both Parties.

2.7 Acknowledgement
of YuvaBio Licensed Technology in Licensed Northstrive FOU Products. Northstrive agrees to make commercially reasonable efforts, if
accurate and solely if permitted by applicable law, to indicate conspicuously on the packaging of Licensed Northstrive FOU Products that
the product contains YuvaBio technology.

2.8 Compliance
with 35 U.S.C. 287. Northstrive agrees to comply with all patent marking notice requirements required under 35 U.S.C. 
287 for the purpose of informing third parties and the public-at-large that the Licensed Northstrive FOU Products are Covered by one or
more United States patents within the YuvaBio Patent Rights.

3. OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

3.1 Northstrive
Background IP. During and after the term of this Agreement, Northstrive will exclusively retain all right, title and interest in and
to all Intellectual Property Rights created, conceived, owned, controlled or developed by or for Northstrive: (a) on or before the Effective
Date, or (b) which result from activities which are independent from but concurrent with this Agreement (collectively, Northstrive
Background IP). Any inventions which use or improve upon YuvaBio confidential information or YuvaBio Background IP will not
be considered independent.

3.2 YuvaBio
Background IP. During and after the term of this Agreement, YuvaBio will exclusively retain all right, title and interest in and to
all Intellectual Property Rights created, conceived, owned, controlled or developed by or for YuvaBio: (a) on or before the Effective
Date, or (b) which result from activities which are independent from but concurrent with this Agreement (collectively, YuvaBio
Background IP). Any inventions which use or improve upon Northstrive confidential information or Northstrive Background IP
will not be considered independent.

3.3 Developed
Technology. Excluding the Northstrive Background IP and the YuvaBio Background IP, all Intellectual Property Rights made and/or developed
under this Agreement will be subject to the following provisions, regardless of inventorship:

(a) YuvaBio
Sole Foreground IP. YuvaBio shall solely own all right, title and interest in and to the following (along with any Intellectual Property
Rights thereto) developed under this Agreement without regard to inventorship (collectively, YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP):

i. [***]

ii. [***]

Northstrive -YuvaBio 5 of 17

(b) Northstrive
Product IP. Subject to YuvaBios rights under Section 3.3(a), Northstrive shall solely own all right all right, title and interest
in and to

i. the [***] results; and

ii. any
Intellectual Property Rights created by or on behalf of Northstrive that are specifically directed toward the development, manufacture,
clinical and therapeutic use, and commercialization of any Licensed Northstrive FOU Products (Northstrive Product IP).
Northstrive Product IP does not include any YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP.

3.4 Patent
Prosecution.

(a) YuvaBio
shall have the exclusive right to lead and make all decisions regarding the filing and prosecution of Patent Rights within the YuvaBio
Sole Foreground IP, provided that YuvaBio shall use commercially reasonable efforts to share draft filings and responses with Northstrive
and to incorporate Northstrives feedback regarding such prosecution activities to the extent it directly affects the Patent Rights
relating to Licensed Northstrive FOU Products.

(b)
Northstrive shall have the exclusive right to lead and make all decisions regarding the prosecution of Patent Rights within the Northstrive
Product IP, provided that upon request of YuvaBio, Northstrive shall use commercially reasonable efforts to discuss such Northstrive Product
IP with YuvaBio, and use commercially reasonable efforts to take into consideration YuvaBios feedback as it relates to protecting
Patent Rights outside of the Northstrive Product IP.

3.5 License
Grants

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, including Northstrives payment obligations under Section 2.5 and Article 4, YuvaBio and its Affiliates
hereby grant to Northstrive a worldwide license, exclusive within the Northstrive Field of Use (including as to YuvaBio), with the right
to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers, to and under the YuvaBio Licensed Technology, to Exploit Licensed Northstrive FOU Products.
For the avoidance of doubt, Northstrive shall have no rights (express or implied, exclusive or nonexclusive) outside the Northstrive Field
of Use, except as specifically set forth in Section 3.5(b) (ROFR).

(b)During
the Term of this Agreement and for one (1) year following completion of [***], YuvaBio hereby grants to Northstrive a right of first
refusal (ROFR) to negotiate an exclusive license for any field of use outside of the Northstrive Field of Use
which is within the Expanded Field of Use. The Expanded Field of Use [***]. Prior to entering into any agreement or transaction with
any third party regarding such indications, YuvaBio shall provide Northstrive with written notice of the proposed terms
(ROFR Notice). Northstrive shall have fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the ROFR Notice to elect to negotiate
an exclusive license with YuvaBio on terms substantially similar to those contained in the ROFR Notice. If Northstrive does not
exercise this ROFR within the fifteen (15) day period or elects not to negotiate an exclusive license, YuvaBio shall be free to
negotiate and enter into agreements with third parties on terms no less favorable than those offered to Northstrive. If YuvaBio
offers more favorable terms to a third party, Northstrive must be given an opportunity to match those terms before any final
agreement is executed with said third party. Any dispute arising out of this Section 3.5(b) shall be resolved under the Expedited
Procedure set forth in Section 8.7.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 6 of 17

4. MILESTONE FEES AND ROYALTIES

4.1 Royalties.

(a) On
a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product-by-Licensed Northstrive FOU Product basis, Northstrive will pay YuvaBio a royalty equal to [***] of
quarterly Net Sales during the Royalty Term (paid on a quarterly basis). Northstrive agrees to pay such royalties to YuvaBio within thirty
(30) days after the end of the calendar quarter in which royalties are due.

(b) After
the expiration of the applicable Royalty Term for a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product, the licenses granted to Northstrive pursuant to
this Agreement with respect to such Licensed Northstrive FOU Product will continue in effect but will become fully paid up, royalty free,
transferable, perpetual and irrevocable.

4.2 Payments
and Taxes. All amounts payable under this Agreement shall be paid in United States Dollars, unless otherwise agreed in writing by
the Parties, to an account designated from time to time in writing by the Party receiving payment. Each Party is responsible to pay its
own income tax liability that may result from any transaction occurring in connection with this Agreement. All late payments shall incur
a late payment charge until such payments are received by the Party receiving payment at the rate of [***] per month commencing in the
calendar month immediately following the date on which such payments were due and payable by the Party making payment.

4.3 Reports.
All payments made under this Section 4 shall be accompanied by a quarterly royalty report in a format reasonably acceptable to both Parties
and including such information to reasonably enable YuvaBio to verify the calculation of the royalty payment for such calendar quarter.

4.4 Records;
Audit Rights. Northstrive will keep and retain for a period of three (3) years from the applicable payment or report, complete and
accurate records which support the royalties and reports provided to YuvaBio pursuant to this Agreement. YuvaBio will have a right (exercisable
no more than once during a twelve (12) calendar month period) at its expense, to audit Northstrive s royalty reports provided by
Northstrive hereunder to confirm the amount of royalty payments to be made. For that purpose, YuvaBio will select an independent certified
public accountant from an internationally recognized accounting firm, not engaged on a contingency basis and who will be subject to Northstrive
s reasonable approval, to inspect the records of Northstrive relating to the payment of royalties under this Agreement on reasonable
notice and during regular business hours to verify Northstrives royalty payments due pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however,
that such independent accountant will sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement and will disclose to YuvaBio only the amount of under
or over payment. If such inspection reveals that any payment will not have been rendered or made in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, or that any payment made by Northstrive was short by more than five percent, then Northstrive shall pay the reasonable actual
cost of such inspection without prejudice to any other remedies or claims of YuvaBio. Any amount determined by the independent accountant
to be overpaid will be credited to Northstrive s future obligations to YuvaBio. The findings and records of the independent accountant
will be made available to both Parties.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 7 of 17

4.5 Milestone
Payments. In further consideration of the rights and licenses granted to Northstrive hereunder, upon achievement of each of the milestones
set forth below (each a Development Milestone) by or on behalf of Northstrive, its Affiliates or sublicensees, the corresponding
milestone payment will be payable to YuvaBio on a Licensed FOU Product-by-Licensed FOU Product basis:

(a) Initiation of IND-Enabling Development Activities (e.g., commencement of formal preclinical studies such as toxicology, pharmacokinetics, or dose-ranging studies conducted under GLP or intended to support regulatory submission): $[***].

(b) Filing of an Investigational New Drug (IND) Application: $[***].

(c) IND Approval by Regulatory Authorities (FDA or equivalent approval to proceed with clinical trials): $[***].

(d) First Patient Dosed in a Phase 1 Clinical Trial: $[***].

(e) Sublicensing of a Compound Identified in the AI Results to a Pharmaceutical Partner: $[***].

Each
milestone above will be paid not more than once for each compound identified in the AI Results and will be deemed earned as of the first
achievement of the corresponding milestone by such compound. Northstrive will report to YuvaBio within five (5) business days of achievement
of any milestone and will send payment within twenty (20) business days after achievement of any milestone. 

5. TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 Term.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and, unless terminated pursuant to this Article 5, shall expire as follows:
(a) on a Licensed Northstrive FOU Product-by-Licensed FOU Product basis, upon the expiration of the Royalty Term for such Licensed Northstrive
FOU Product; (b) in its entirety upon the expiration of the Royalty Term with respect to the last Licensed Northstrive FOU Product being
developed, manufactured, or commercialized anywhere in the world. The period commending on the Effective Date and ending on the expiration
date of this Agreement in its entirety shall be referred to as the Term.

5.2 Termination
for Cause. Either Party may terminate this Agreement effective immediately and without liability upon written notice to the other
Party if the other Party: (a) voluntarily petitions in bankruptcy or otherwise seeks protection under any law for the protection of debtors,
is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy action or trustee appointment, ceases or suspends business, or makes an assignment of the
majority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors; or (b) materially breaches any obligation under this Agreement, which is not
remedied within thirty (30) days after written notice of the breach, unless the Party has begun substantial corrective action to remedy
the default within such thirty (30) day period, in which case termination will not be effective unless ninety (90) days has expired from
the date of the notice of default without the default having been remedied. In the event that dispute resolution procedures have commenced
in accordance with Section 8.6 with respect to any alleged breach hereunder, no purported termination of this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 5.2 shall take effect until the resolution of such procedure.

5.3 Termination
for Convenience. Northstrive may at any time terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, by providing ten (10) days written notice
to YuvaBio of the desire to terminate this Agreement. If Northstrive terminates under this Section 5.3 prior to the completion of the
AIDP, it will reimburse YuvaBio for its already-incurred or non-cancellable costs and/or expenses and will pay the Early Termination Fee
of $[***] (otherwise Northstrives license rights will terminate).

Northstrive -YuvaBio 8 of 17

5.4 Return
of Confidential Information and Payment. Upon request of a Party, each Party will promptly return or destroy within ninety (90) days
the other Partys Confidential Information. Jointly developed physically inseparable AIDP information still in such Partys
possession may be retained / kept as an archived copy subject to the Partys ongoing confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.
Each Party will pay to the other Party any undisputed amounts due and owing under this Agreement in the event of termination. Nothing
in this Section 5.4 shall convey rights greater than those specified elsewhere in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
party acknowledges that Recipient will not be required to return to Discloser or destroy those copies of Disclosers Confidential
Information that: (a) were stored on Recipients backup, disaster recovery or business continuity systems in the ordinary course
of Recipients business; or (b) Recipient is obligated by applicable law to retain. For clarification, following Recipients
receipt of a Return Request, Recipient will not use, and will prevent its Representatives from using, Disclosers Confidential Information
for any purpose other than as required by applicable law, regulation or order under subsection (b) above or for reviewing compliance with
the terms of this Agreement.

5.5 Effect
of Termination; Survival.

(a) In
the event that this Agreement is terminated, either with respect to one or more Licensed Northstrive FOU Products or in its entirety for
any reason, Northstrive shall cease to have any rights in any YuvaBio Licensed Technology and YuvaBio shall have the sole right to prosecute
Patent Rights within the YuvaBio Sole Foreground IP without consultation or obligation to Northstrive.

(b) Notwithstanding
Section 5.5(a), if Northstrive has the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 after the AIDP is completed, Northstrive
may elect, in lieu of such termination, to maintain this Agreement in effect and require the Parties to re-negotiate the royalty rate
set forth in Section 4.1(a), subject to Expedited Resolution under Section 9.7 if the Parties are unable to agree within sixty (60) days
following the effective date of Northstrives request for such a revised royalty rate.

(c) Any
termination hereunder will be without prejudice to any other remedy either Party may have at law or in equity. The provisions of Sections
1, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

5.6 Limitation
of Liability upon Termination. Except as expressly provided herein, in the event of termination by either Party in accordance with
any of the provisions of this Agreement, neither Party shall be liable to the other, because of such termination, for compensation, reimbursement,
or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or on account of expenditures, investments, leases, or commitments
in connection with the business or goodwill of Northstrive or YuvaBio.

5.7 Notice
of Termination. If any Party seeks to terminate this Agreement, it shall inform all persons listed in Section 8.2 of this Agreement
before taking any such action.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY

6.1 Incorporation
of Previously Signed NDA. The NDA signed by both Parties on January 8th, 2025 is attached hereto and will continue to govern
exchange of confidential information hereunder mutatis mutandis, except to the extent modified by this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the NDA, the following shall apply with respect to Confidential Information hereunder:

(a) Neither
Party shall issue any press release, trade announcement or make any other public announcement or statement with regard to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement without the other Parties prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 9 of 17

(b) YuvaBio
Sole Foreground IP shall be deemed YuvaBio Confidential Information and YuvaBio shall be deemed the Disclosing Party thereof.

(c) Northstrive
Product IP shall be deemed Northstrive Confidential Information and Northstrive shall be deemed the Disclosing Party thereof.

(d) In
addition to disclosures permitted under the NDA, either Party may disclose Confidential Information belonging to the other Party or its
Affiliates to the extent such disclosure is necessary in the following instances: (i) filing or prosecuting Patent Rights Covering Licensed
Northstrive FOU Product as permitted by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with regulatory filings for Licensed Northstrive FOU Products;
(iii) prosecuting or defending litigation as permitted by this Agreement; (iv) complying with applicable court orders, governmental regulations,
or the inquiries of regulatory authorities; (v) in connection with an offering of securities or securities law disclosure requirements
if counsel determines that such disclosure is required; (vi) to the extent otherwise necessary or appropriate in connection with exercising
the license and other rights granted to it hereunder; (vii) to bona fide potential investors, licensees, licensors, collaborators, lenders
and acquirors/acquirees, and to consultants and advisors, in connection with a proposed equity or debt financing of such Party, an actual
or proposed license, collaboration or similar arrangement, or a proposed acquisition or business combination, so long as such recipients
are bound in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; or (viii) to
bona fide potential sublicensees or and distributors, so long as such recipients are bound in writing to maintain the confidentiality
of such information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

6.2 Injunctive
Relief. The Parties acknowledge that any breach of the provisions of this Section 6 may cause irreparable harm and significant injury
to an extent that may be extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, each Party agrees that the other Party will have, in addition
to any other rights or remedies available to it at law or in equity, the right to seek injunctive relief to enjoin any breach or violation
of this Section 6.

7. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS

7.1 Mutual
Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the corporate power and authority and the legal right
to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; and (b) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance
of its obligations hereunder do not conflict with or constitute a default under any of its contractual obligations.

7.2 Warranty
Disclaimer. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, EACH PARTY MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER
EXPRESS, STATUTORY, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. ANY PATENTS OR KNOWHOW LICENSED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED AS IS, AND NEITHER PARTY ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY WHATEVER
WITH RESPECT TO THE MANUFACTURE, USE, SALE, OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY PRODUCT TO BE MANUFACTURED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 10 of 17

7.3 Limitation
of Liability. EXCEPT FOR EACH PARTYS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, OR LOSS OF USE) RESULTING
FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM HEREUNDER WHETHER
DUE TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, OR NEGLIGENCE OF THAT PARTY.

7.4 Indemnification.
Each Party (Indemnifying Party) shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other Party (Indemnified Party)
and its respective Affiliates and each of its and their officers, directors, shareholders, employees, successors and permitted assigns
(collectively, Indemnitees) from and against any and all any losses, costs, liabilities, judgments, debts and other fees
(including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by any Indemnitees caused by any claims, charges, complaints, actions, suits, proceedings,
hearings, investigations and demands brought against any Indemnitee by any third party (Claims) (and in connection with
and/ arising out of (i) breach by the Indemnifying Party or of any representations, warranties, covenants and/or obligations set forth
in this Agreement; or (ii) the Indemnifying Partys (and/or any of its officers, directors, employees, and/or
representatives) fraud, gross negligence, recklessness, or willful misconduct, or (iii) any and all claims, proceedings, demands
and liabilities of any kind whatsoever arising out of the death of or injury to or other damages to any person or persons resulting from
Northstrive s production, manufacture, sale, use, sublicense, or advertisement of the Licensed Northstrive FOU Product.

8. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

8.1 Third
Parties. YuvaBio may exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations hereunder in whole or in part through third party contractors,
provided that each contractor will agree to be bound by obligations with respect to the Parties Confidential Information that are
comparable to those contained in this Agreement.

8.2 Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by an internationally
recognized overnight courier service, such as Federal Express or United Parcel Service, to the Parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a Party as will be specified by like notice):

If to Northstrive, to: Northstrive Biosciences, Inc. 

120 Newport Center Drive

Suite 250

Newport Beach, California 92660 

Attention: Legal Department

If to YuvaBio, to: Yuva Biosciences, Inc.

1500 1st Ave NE Suite L133

Birmingham, AL 35203

Attention: Greg Schmergel

8.3 Compliance
with Laws. Each Party shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and rules of any governmental authority having jurisdiction
and shall obtain all necessary permits, licenses, and consents of governmental authorities necessary for the manufacture, sale, export,
import, or other performance contemplated by this Agreement. Each party hereby represents and warrants that no consent, approval, or authorization
of or designation, declaration, or filing with any governmental authority is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery,
and performance of this Agreement. In recognition of U.S. and other applicable export control laws and regulations, each Party agrees
that it will not export, or transfer for the purpose of re-export, any product, technical data received hereunder or the product produced
by use of such technical data, including processes and services in violation of applicable export laws, regulations, treaties or executive
orders as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 11 of 17

8.4 Offensive
Litigation Against Third Parties. In the event Northstrive desires to initiate an enforcement action against a third party inside
the Northstrive Field of Use, the Parties agree to meet to determine on a case by case basis whether to proceed with offensive litigation
for infringement against such third party. In the event the Parties decide to so proceed, they shall further discuss the allocation of
responsibility and the manner in which the Parties will proceed, taking into account among other factors the nature of the desired enforcement
actions, whether there are also other patents owned by Northstrive or YuvaBio potentially involved, and the anticipated allocation of
damages suffered by each respective Party due to the alleged infringement. Neither YuvaBio nor Northstrive shall be required to participate
in or be a party to an enforcement action arising under this Section 8.4; provided that in the event either Party decides not to participate
in such an enforcement action, the other Party may proceed with such enforcement action alone provided that (1) such Party electing to
proceed shall not make any settlement in connection with such enforcement action that may be binding upon or affect the non-proceeding
Partys products, intellectual property, technology and/or finances of without the non-proceeding Partys express prior written
permission, (2) subject to (1), such proceeding Party shall control all aspects of the enforcement action and any settlement discussions
and resulting settlement agreement, (3) such proceeding Party shall exercise a duty of reasonable care in pursuing the enforcement action
to protect the Parties rights, (4) the non-proceeding Party shall provide reasonable assistance to the other Party as necessary,
and (5) the proceeding Party shall be entitled to retain damages obtained from judgment or settlement in connection with such enforcement
in proportion to their contribution to the costs of enforcement, with any remaining damages to be distributed equitably between the parties
based on their respective injuries.

8.5 Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement will not be construed, enforced, or governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods. This Agreement will be governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving
effect to any choice of law rule which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction besides Delaware). Except as provided
in Section 8.7, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement will only and exclusively be brought and determined in the
federal court of the District of Delaware, Wilmington, DE; provided that any Party may apply to any U.S. or applicable court or administrative
body of competent local jurisdiction to enforce such Partys intellectual property or proprietary rights or to obtain a temporary
restraining order, preliminary injunction, permanent injunction, or other injunctive relief to protect its interests, without breach of
this Section 8.5 and without any abridgment of the powers of the courts set forth above. The Parties specifically consent to service upon
the local registered agents of Northstrive or YuvaBio or any of their Affiliates in the State of Delaware as well as to the jurisdiction
of the courts and/or administrative agencies specified in this Section 8.5 for the resolution of any dispute that might arise under this
Agreement.

8.6 Dispute
Escalation Process During AIDP. Subject to each Partys rights to protect its Confidential Information and intellectual property
rights, if either Party believes that the other Party has failed to perform its obligations under the AIDP, it will notify the other Party
of the perceived deficiency. Upon receipt of notice, the Parties will promptly discuss the corrective action plan in person or by telephone
and will attempt in good faith to agree to a mutually acceptable corrective action plan. If the Parties cannot agree upon a corrective
action plan within ten (10) business days of the original notice date, the issue will be escalated to senior management at the respective
Parties. The respective management representatives will discuss the issue in person or by telephone and the Parties will attempt in good
faith to resolve the issue for a period of ten (10) business days. If the issue is not resolved, as agreed by the Parties, within such
ten (10) business day period, the Parties may exercise their rights otherwise allowed under this Agreement. This Section shall not apply
after the AIDP is completed.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 12 of 17

8.7 Expedited
Resolution. If a Party exercises its rights under this Agreement to refer a dispute to expedited resolution, then the Parties will
follow the expedited dispute resolution process in this Section 8.7 (and not the dispute resolution process in Section 8.5 of this Agreement)
(Expedited Resolution). The Parties agree and acknowledge that any good faith dispute under Expedited Resolution
will not be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement. The Expedited Resolution will be fast-track, binding arbitration carried
out in accordance with the following (a) the Parties will refer the matter to arbitration before a mutually acceptable independent arbitrator,
who shall be experienced in the pharmaceutical business; (b) each Party will submit its final proposed terms to the other Party at least
thirty (30) days prior to submission to the independent arbitrator; (c) the independent arbitrator will select between the two sets of
terms (i.e., the independent arbitrator will select the more suitable set of terms submitted by the Parties, and will not propose a third
set of terms), and shall render his or her opinion within thirty (30) days after the final arbitration hearing; and (d) the decision of
the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties, and shall not be subject to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section
8.5.

8.8 Waiver
& Amendment. The Parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Party,
(b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other Party contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, (c) waive compliance by the other Party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement
or (d) amend, modify or supplement this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any such extension, waiver, amendment, modification,
or supplement will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party. Any failure on the part of any
Party to enforce at any time, or for any period of time, any of the provisions of this Agreement will not be deemed or construed to be
a waiver of such provisions or of the right of such Party thereafter to enforce each and every such provision.

8.9 Assignment
of Agreement Upon Change of Control. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder will be assigned
or delegated by any of the Parties (whether by operation of law or otherwise) in whole or in part without the prior written consent of
the other Party, except to (i) one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries of the applicable Party, (ii) in connection with a Change of Control
transaction, or (iii) to an Affiliate of the applicable Party, provided that the assigning Party remains liable for the performance of
its Affiliates obligations under this Agreement (including, but not limited to, mergers, consolidations, or sales of all or substantially
all of the assets, spin-offs, or split offs) of the business of the applicable Party related to this Agreement. The Parties agree that
the assignment of this Agreement, or the acquisition of any entity of the applicable Party or any assets of such Party affected by this
Agreement, will not reduce the other Partys or the acquirers obligations to the non-acquired Party under this Agreement.
The Parties further agree that if such an assignee or acquiring party elects for any reason to not fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement, then notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the non-acquired Party may treat such election as a material breach of
this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties
and their respective successors and assigns.

8.10 Construction
& Interpretation. Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, a day refers to a calendar day. When a reference
is made in this Agreement to a section or article, such reference will be to a section or article of this Agreement, unless otherwise
clearly indicated to the contrary. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement,
they will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein,
and herewith and words of similar import will, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and article, section, and exhibit references are references to the articles, sections,
and exhibits of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. The plural of any defined term will have a meaning correlative to such defined
term and words denoting any gender will include all genders and the neuter. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other
grammatical forms will have a corresponding meaning. Any reference to a Party or any other agreement or document contemplated hereby will
include such Partys successors and permitted assigns. A reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation will
include any modification, amendment, re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefore and all rules, regulations
and statutory instruments issued or related to such legislation. If any ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this
Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. No prior draft of this Agreement will be used in the interpretation
or construction of this Agreement. The Parties intend that each provision of this Agreement will be given full separate and independent
effect. Although the same or similar subject matters may be addressed in different provisions of this Agreement, the Parties intend that,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement, each such provision will be read separately, be given independent significance and not
be construed as limiting any other provision of this Agreement (whether or not more general or more specific in scope, substance or content).
Headings are used for convenience only and will not in any way affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The doctrine
of election of remedies will not apply in constructing or interpreting the remedies provisions of this Agreement or the equitable power
of a court or arbitrator considering this Agreement.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 13 of 17

8.11 English
Language. The original of this Agreement has been written in English, and such version will be the governing version of this Agreement.
Each Party waives any right it may have, if any, under any law or regulation to have this Agreement written in a language other than English.

8.12 Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void, or unenforceable
in any situation in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the
validity or enforceability of the invalid, void, or unenforceable term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.
If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority declares that any term or provision hereof is invalid, void,
or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination will have the power to and will, subject to the discretion
of such court, reduce the scope, duration, area, or applicability of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to
replace any invalid, void, or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest
to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

8.13 Independent
Contractors. The Parties are each independent contractors, and neither Party will be, nor represent itself to be, the franchiser,
joint venturer, franchisee, partner, broker, employee, servant, agent, or legal representative of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever.

8.14 Force
Majeure. A Party is not liable under this Agreement for non-performance (other than failure to make undisputed payments then owing)
caused by events or conditions beyond that Partys reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, war, pandemic,
government actions, or supply chain disruptions, if the Party makes commercially reasonable efforts to perform.

8.15 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (whether delivered by facsimile, electronic mail, or otherwise), each of which
will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when two or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
Parties and delivered to the other Party. Each Party need not sign the same counterpart.

8.16 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including its exhibits, which are incorporated herein by this reference) contain and constitute the complete
and entire agreement and understanding of the Parties concerning the matters contained herein and therein and may not be altered, modified
or changed in any manner except by a writing duly executed by the Parties. Any terms and conditions of any acknowledgement, invoice, or
purchase order issued under this Agreement will be superseded in full by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No statements, promises,
or representations have been made by any Party to another, or are relied upon, and no consideration has been or is offered, promised,
expected, or held out, other than as stated in this Agreement and no Party is relying on any representations other than those expressly
set forth herein and therein. All prior or contemporaneous discussions and negotiations, whether oral or written, have been, and are,
merged and integrated into, and superseded by, this Agreement.

SIGNATURE PAGE NEXT PAGE

Northstrive -YuvaBio 14 of 17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and effective, by their representatives thereunto duly authorized, as of the Effective
Date.

NORTHSTRIVE YUVA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: /s/ Braeden Lichti By: /s/ Greg Schmergel

Name: Braeden Lichti Name: Greg Schmergel

Title: Chairman Title: CEO

Date: 4/9/2025 Date: 4/9/2025

SIGNATURE PAGE TO DEVELOPMENT
AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

Northstrive -YuvaBio 15 of 17

EXHIBIT A

AI DEVELOPMENT PLAN

[***]

(a) [***]

(b) [***]

(c) [***]

[***]

(a) [***]

(b) [***]

(c) [***]

[***]

(a) [***]

(b) [***]

I. [***]

II. [***]

(c) [***]

Northstrive -YuvaBio 16 of 17

EXHIBIT B

NDA/MTA Signed by
Both Parties on January 8, 2025.

Northstrive -YuvaBio 17 of 17

Mutual Non-Disclosure and Material
Transfer Agreement

This
Agreement is made effective as of 1.8.2025 (the Effective
Date) by and between the following Parties (each individually
a Party):

Yuva Biosciences, Inc. 

1500 pt Ave N Suite Ll33 

Birmingham, AL 35203 Elevai Biosciences

120 Newport center Drive

Newport Beach,CA92660

WHEREAS,
in connection with exploring and evaluating a possible business relationship (the Relationship),
the Parties recognize the need to disclose to one another certain of their Confidential Information (as defined below); and

WHEREAS, the
Parties wish to provide the terms and conditions upon which such Confidential Information will be disclosed by one Party to the other
Party hereunder;

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree
as follows:

1. Confidential
Information means non-public information in whatever form disclosed
by one Party (the Disclosing Party)
to the other Party (the Receiving Party)
on or after the date hereof which relates to a Disclosing Partys
business or the Relationship including without limitation business, financial and technical information and data, or which although not
directly related to the Relationship, is nevertheless disclosed as a result of or in connection with the Parties discussion
of the Relationship.

2. The
Receiving Party shall use the Disclosing Partys Confidential Infonnation
only for the purpose of evaluating the Relationship, and shall protect such Confidential Information from disclosure to third parties,
using the same degree of care used to protect its own proprietary information of like importance, but in any case using no less than a
reasonable degree of care. The Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Partys
Confidential information to its affiliates and its employees, in each case if such affiliates and employees have a need to know for the
purpose of the Relationship, provided such affiliates and employees are informed of and agree to abide by the restrictions on use and
disclosure of such Confidential Information under this Section 2, and provided further that the Receiving Party shall be liable to the
Disclosing Party for any failure of any such affiliate or employee to abide by the restrictions contained in this Section 2. The Receiving
Party shall not file any patent application using or improving upon the Disclosing Partys
Confidential Information.

3. This
Agreement shall become binding on the Effective Date and shall remain in force until the date three (3) years thereafter. Notwithstanding
expiration or termination of this Agreement, the duties of protection and non-use of Confidential Information expire (10) ten years from
the date of receipt of Confidential Infonnation.

4. The restrictions of this Agreement on use and disclosure of Confidential Infonnation shall not apply to information that:

(a) the Receiving Party can demonstrate is in the possession or control of such Party, without restrictions on use or disclosure, at the time of its disclosure hereunder;

(b) is or becomes publicly known, through no wrongful act of the Receiving Party, however, in the event that only a portion of the Confidential Information becomes publicly known or available through no fault or breach of Receiving Party, the remaining non-public portion of the Confidential Information shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement;

(c) the Receiving Party can demonstrate was received, without restrictions on use or disclosure, by such Party from a third party free to disclose it without obligation to the Disclosing Party;

(d) is lawfully required to be disclosed to any governmental agency or is otherwise required to be disclosed by law. However, before making such disclosure, the Receiving Party shall give the Disclosing Party an adequate opportunity to interpose an objection and/or take action to assure confidential handling of such information.

(e) Receiving Party acknowledges that the combination, adaptation, or compilation of different portions of the Confidential Information, even if some of these portions are publicly known, may result in proprietary knowledge or insights. Receiving Party agrees that the protection and obligations provided under this Agreement extend to such combinations, adaptations, or compilations subject to the exceptions enumerated above in this Section.

5. Confidential
Information disclosed under the Agreement (including information in computer software or held in electronic storage media) shall be and
remain the property of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall keep a record of the location of all written or tangible materials
embodying Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in its possession, and, upon the written request of the Disclosing Party at
any time, shall promptly return or destroy all such written or tangible materials embodying Confidential Information of the Disclosing
Party in its possession, and no such Confidential Information shall thereafter be retained in any form by the Receiving Party. The Receiving
Party shall be fully responsible for the return or destruction of all Confidential Information disclosed to its affiliates and its employees.
The Receiving Party shall, at the request of the Disclosing Party, provide to the Disclosing Party a certificate to the effect that it
has returned or destroyed all such materials. No right or license is granted by the Disclosing Party with respect to the Confidential
Information.

6. Material
Transfer. The Parties acknowledge that Yuva Biosciences has or will transfer to the other Party highly sensitive Confidential Information
which will include compound samples of Y100 (Y100
is defined as a specific molecular structure, and includes the botanical extract
or extracts of which it is a constituent, as well as similar molecular structures which may have different names) and accompanying information
related to Y100 which may include the identity and chemical structure ofY 100, descriptions of methods and uses and fonnulations ofYIO0,
test results using Yl 00, delivery methods including but not limited to encapsulation and chemical conjugation of Y100, sources for Y100,
and other related infonnation, all of which collectively shall be referred to as the Samples.
The Samples shall be used solely for evaluation of entering into a business relationship with Yuva Biosciences or with a Yuva Biosciences-approved
third party (the Purpose).
The Receiving Party shall not reverse engineer, modify or create derivatives or improvements or permit the modification of or creation
of additional Samples (through natural or synthetic methods) or derivatives of, or improvements on, Samples without Yuva Biosciencess
prior written consent. Following receipt of the Samples, Receiving Party shall not develop, license, make, have made, offer to sell or
sell products using, based on or derived from the Samples or using any part of the Samples without a valid license agreement in place
with Yuva Biosciences or through a third party with a valid license agreement with Yuva Biosciences that includes have made rights. The
Samples and any improvements thereto shall remain the exclusive property ofYuva Biosciences.

7.The term affiliate means any person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with a Party.

8. The
Parties each acknowledge and agree that remedies at law would be inadequate to protect the Disclosing Party against any actual or threatened
breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party. Accordingly, the Receiving Party agrees to the granting of injunctive relief or other
equitable relief in favor of the Disclosing Party (without proof of actual damages) in the event of any such actual or threatened breach
(in addition to any remedies to which the Disclosing Party may be entitled at law). The Receiving Party further agrees to pay all costs
and expenses of the Disclosing Party (including attorneys fees)
in enforcing this Agreement.

9. This Agreement: (a) is the complete agreement of the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or discussions with respect to the subject matter hereof; (b) shall not be construed to create any obligation on the part of either Party to retain the services or to compensate the other Party in any manner, except as may be set forth by a separate written agreement duly executed and delivered by the Parties; (c) may not be amended or in any manner modified except in writing signed by the Parties; and (d) shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Agreement shall be enforced as fully as possible and the unenforceable provisions shall be deemed modified to the limited extent required to pennit its enforcement in the manner most closely representing the intention of the Parties as expressed herein. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which shall constitute the same Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the Parties hereto has caused the Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative.

Yuva Biosciences, Inc. Entity
Name: Elevai Biosciences

Signature: /s/ GregSchmergel Signature: /s/ Graydon Bensler

Name: GregSchmergel Name: Graydon Bensler

Title: CEO Title: CFO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023722401ex99-1_pmgchold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED APRIL 10, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Northstrive Biosciences Signs Partnership with Yuva Biosciences
to Develop AI-Powered Therapies for Obesity and Cardiometabolic Diseases 

Northstrive
Biosciences and Yuva Biosciences collaboration will leverage MitoNova, YuvaBios
proprietary mitochondrial science-focused artificial intelligence platform, to discover and
develop novel pharmaceutical treatments for obesity, type 2 diabetes and other cardiometabolic
conditions.

Northstrive
and Yuva Biosciences will compile a library of small molecule candidates that promote mitochondrial
health and target the root cause of aging at the cellular level. 

NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Apr. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Northstrive
Biosciences Inc. (Northstrive or Northstrive Biosciences), a subsidiary of PMGC Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: ELAB)
(PMGC, we, or our), announced today that it has entered into a Development and License Agreement
(Agreement) with Yuva Biosciences, Inc. (YuvaBio or Yuva Biosciences) to discover and develop
novel pharmaceutical treatments for obesity, type 2 diabetes and other cardiometabolic conditions using YuvaBios proprietary, mitochondrial
science-focused platform MitoNova, powered by artificial intelligence (AI).

The Agreement provides for the parties collaboration on an AI
Development Program (Program or AI Development Program). As part of this Program, YuvaBio will develop mitochondrial
science related technology for Northstrive and identify drug candidates with the potential to improve mitochondrial health and cardiometabolic
function. YuvaBio will then test its computational findings for biological activity on custom assays. YuvaBio will also grant Northstrive
an exclusive, worldwide license to this developed technology to derive therapeutic products for cardiac diseases and obesity. Through
this collaboration, the parties aim to integrate new methodologies into mitochondrial biology and discover outputs to expand Northstrives
cardiometabolic disease pipeline.

The AI Development Program will combine YuvaBios proprietary
AI platform with laboratory validation to identify and advance novel drug candidates targeting mitochondrial function. The multi-phase
collaboration includes in silico modeling, virtual compound screening, and experimental testing to shortlist promising candidates for
clinical development.

Declining mitochondrial function not only accelerates aging
but also plays a central role in numerous age-related disorders and other pathologies such as obesity, said Greg Schmergel, Co-Founder
and CEO of Yuva Biosciences. With this collaboration, we will be leveraging our proprietary AI to discover compounds that are mitochondrial
promoters and protectors and verify the findings with experimental wet lab testing.

YuvaBios MitoNova provides an integrated suite of AI-enabled
tools that analyze vast datasets and explore compound libraries across multiple dimensions of chemical and bioactivity properties. Leveraging
a proprietary mitochondrial database and leading-edge AI models, MitoNova identifies compounds that target the root cause of aging and
related conditions at the cellular level. Research teams can then utilize MitoNova to assess key factors such as bioavailability and safety
to accelerate the transition from target discovery to biological validation.

We are believers in leveraging AI to guide our drug development
efforts and view mitochondrial health as a foundational pillar, said Deniel Mero, Co-Founder of Northstrive Biosciences. YuvaBio
is the ideal partner for this collaboration, and we expect it to lead to the identification of several novel targets that may form the
basis of differentiated cardiometabolic drug programs.

In exchange for the rights and license granted to Northstrive under
the Agreement, Yuva will receive: (i) an upfront fee upon the parties entry into the Agreement and payments made based on initiation
and completion of phases in the Program, (ii) certain developmental milestone payments, and (iii) royalties on net sales of certain therapeutic
cardiac disease and obesity products from Northstrive (or its affiliates, or sublicensees) which contain the final shortlist of promising
compounds that YuvaBio identifies and recommends as a result of the Program.

About Northstrive Biosciences Inc.

Northstrive Biosciences Inc., a PMGC Holdings Inc. company, is a biopharmaceutical
company focusing on the development and acquisition of cutting-edge aesthetic medicines. Northstrive Biosciences lead asset,
EL-22, leverages an engineered probiotic approach to address obesitys pressing issue of preserving muscle while on weight loss
treatments, including GLP-1 receptor agonists. For more information, please visit www.northstrivebio.com.

About PMGC Holdings Inc.

PMGC Holdings Inc. is a diversified holding company that manages and
grows its portfolio through strategic acquisitions, investments, and development across various industries. Currently, our portfolio consists
of three wholly owned subsidiaries: Northstrive Biosciences Inc., PMGC Research Inc., and PMGC Capital LLC. We are committed to exploring
opportunities in multiple sectors to maximize growth and value. For more information, please visit https://www.pmgcholdings.com.

About Yuva Biosciences, Inc.

Yuva Biosciences is a longevity company harnessing the cutting edge
of mitochondrial science to address the root cause of aging. By partnering with consumer brands and biotech innovators, Yuva Biosciences
develops solutions for aging-related concerns including hair loss, skin wrinkles, and several other conditions driven by a decline in
mitochondrial function. The company is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. For more information, please visit www.yuvabio.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are
not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, as amended. Words such as believes, expects, plans, potential, would
and future or similar expressions such as look forward are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance.
Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and
strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, activities of regulators and future regulations and other future
conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Although the Company believes that the expectations
expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct,
and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results. Therefore, you should not rely
on any of these forward-looking statements. These and other risks are described more fully in PMGC Holdings filings with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the Risk Factors section of the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2025, and its other documents subsequently
filed with or furnished to the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SECs
web site at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were
made. Except to the extent required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur
or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.

IR Contact:

IR@pmgcholdings.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>elab-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>elab-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>elab-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41875

Entity Registrant Name PMGC Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001840563

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-2382547

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One c/o 120 Newport Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 249

Entity Address, City or Town Newport Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92660

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 445-4886

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol ELAB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pmgcholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237224-8k_pmgchold.htm 
elab-20250409.xsd 
elab-20250409_lab.xml 
elab-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-030640-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0237224-8k_pmgchold_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001840563 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001840563 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
PMGC Holdings Inc. 
NV 
001-41875 
33-2382547 
c/o 120 Newport Center Drive 
Ste. 249 
Newport Beach 
CA 
92660 
888 
445-4886 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
ELAB 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>