<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-073437.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-073437.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404161605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-073437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MP Materials Corp. / DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001801368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				844465489
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39277
		FILM NUMBER:		25814958

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 844-6111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortress Value Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d927657d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MP Materials Corp. / DEfalse000180136800018013682025-04-042025-04-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 4, 2025

MP MATERIALS CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39277 84-4465489

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1700 S. Pavilion Center Drive, Suite 800

Las Vegas, Nevada89135

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

(702)844-6111

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share MP New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On April 4, 2025, David G. Infuso was appointed as the Chief Accounting Officer and the principal accounting officer of MP Materials Corp. (the Company). Prior to Mr. Infusos promotion, Ryan Corbett, the Companys Chief Financial Officer, served as the principal accounting officer. Mr. Corbett will continue to serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer. 

Mr. Infuso, who is 41 years old, joined the Company in November 2020 and held positions of ascending responsibilities in the Companys Accounting and Finance departments during his tenure, including as the Companys Senior Vice President of Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting. Before joining the Company, Mr. Infuso was the Director of Financial Reporting of Penn Entertainment, Inc. from October 2018 to November 2020 and was the Director of Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. from September 2014 to October 2018. Mr. Infuso began his career at Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Infuso is a licensed CPA and has over 17 years of accounting experience. 

In connection with Mr. Infusos appointment as Chief Accounting Officer and principal accounting officer, Mr. Infuso entered into an employment agreement, effective April 4, 2025, with the Company (the Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Infuso will earn an annual base salary of $315,000. He will also be eligible to receive a discretionary bonus. Any bonus is subject to: (i) except as otherwise provided in the Employment Agreement, Mr. Infuso being employed by the Company on the last day of the Companys fiscal year or such later date as the Companys bonus plan shall specify; and (ii) the Companys Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy. In some circumstances, a portion of Mr. Infusos bonuses may be paid in restricted stock, restricted stock units or other equity awards. 

The Employment Agreement provides for an indefinite term. If Mr. Infusos employment terminates, he would receive all accrued but unpaid base salary and, except in the case of dismissal for cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), an annual bonus for the year of termination based on the actual financial results for the full year in which the termination occurred, prorated for the portion of the year before termination of his employment. 

If Mr. Infusos employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the Executive for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) other than prior to, on or within 24 months following a change of control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he would be entitled to 1 times the sum of his base salary and target bonus. Mr. Infuso would also be entitled to receive continuation of health benefits coverage for himself and his dependents and disability insurance coverage for himself for up to 18 months following termination. 

If Mr. Infusos employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the Executive for good reason within ninety (90) days prior to, on or within twenty-four (24) months after a change of control (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreement), he would be entitled to a lump sum payment of 2 times the sum of his annual base salary and target bonus. Mr. Infuso would also be entitled to receive continuation of health benefits coverage for himself and his dependents and disability insurance coverage for the Executive for up to 18 months following termination. In addition, all time-based equity awards shall vest in full as of the date of termination. If Mr. Infuso dies or the Company terminates his employment due to disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he would be entitled to receive continuation of health benefits coverage for himself and his dependents and disability insurance coverage for himself for up to 18 months following termination. In addition, all time vested awards shall vest in full as of the date of termination. 

In connection with Mr. Infusos promotion, he received a grant of 9,932 restricted stock units, which was granted on April 1, 2025, and vests in four equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The restricted stock units were issued pursuant to the Companys 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

The summary of the material terms of the Employment Agreement described above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

There are no family relationships between Mr. Infuso and any of the Companys current or former directors or executive officers. Mr. Infuso is not a party to any transaction that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. 

2 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, effective as of April 4, 2025, by and between MP Materials Corp. and David G. Infuso 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 4, 2025 MP MATERIALS CORP.

By: 

/s/ Elliot D. Hoops

Elliot D. Hoops

General Counsel and Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d927657dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 4th day
of April, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between MP Materials Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company, and together with any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries (the Company Group)), and David G. Infuso,
an individual (Executive): 

RECITALS 

The Company employed Executive as its Senior Vice President of Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting, pursuant to the terms and
conditions of that certain employment agreement by and between the Company and Executive, effective as of December 8, 2023 (the Current Agreement). 

The Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Accounting Officer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Executive
desires to be so engaged. The parties wish to replace and supersede the Current Agreement in all respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1. 

EMPLOYMENT AND
SEVERANCE 

1.1 Employment. The Company agrees to engage Executive in the capacity as Chief Accounting Officer, and Executive hereby
accepts such engagement by the Company upon the terms and conditions specified below. 

1.2 Term. The term of this Agreement shall
commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as provided in Article 6 below (the Term). 

ARTICLE 2. 

DUTIES OF EXECUTIVE 

2.1
Duties. Executive shall continue to perform all the duties and obligations generally associated with the position of Chief Accounting Officer or such other title in the event that Executive is promoted in the future, subject to the control
and supervision of the Companys Chief Financial Officer, and such other executive duties consistent with the foregoing as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Company. Executive shall perform the services contemplated herein
faithfully, diligently, to the best of Executives ability and in the best interests of the Company. Executive shall at all times perform such services in compliance with, and to the extent of Executives authority, shall, to the best of
Executives ability, cause the Company to be in compliance with, any and all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company of which Executive is aware. Executive shall, at all times and in all material respects adhere to and obey any
and all written internal rules and regulations governing the conduct of the Companys employees, as established or modified from time to time; provided, however, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this
Agreement and any such rules or regulations, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. 

2.2 Location of Services. Executives principal place of employment shall be at
the Companys office in Las Vegas, Nevada, or at such other location as designated by the Company, subject to Executives rights under Sections 6.6 and 6.7.4. Executive understands Executive will be required to travel, including, without
limitation, to the Companys various operations, as part of Executives employment. 

2.3 Exclusive Service. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein, Executive shall devote Executives entire business time, attention, energies, skills, learning and best efforts to the business of the Company. Subject to Article 7 hereof, Executive may participate in
social, civic, charitable, religious, business, educational or professional associations so long as such participation does not materially interfere with the duties and obligations of Executive hereunder. 

ARTICLE 3. 

COMPENSATION 

3.1 Base Salary. In consideration for Executives services hereunder, the Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary at the
rate of Three Hundred Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($315,000) (Base Salary) per year during each of the years of the Term, subject to any increases in Base Salary made in the sole discretion of the Chief Executive Officer (with any increased
amount becoming the Base Salary for purposes hereof); payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule from time to time (less any deductions required for Social Security, state, federal and local withholding taxes, and any
other authorized or mandated similar withholdings or deductions). 

3.2 Annual and Other Bonuses. In its sole and absolute
discretion and subject to the following, each year the Company may develop an annual bonus program. Executive shall be eligible to participate in any such annual bonus program, subject to the terms thereof. Any such bonus earned by Executive shall
be paid annually within two and one-half months after the conclusion of the Companys fiscal year, except for any portion of the bonus which is paid in the Companys discretion in restricted stock
units or other equity awards. Bonuses related to partial years shall be prorated. Executive may also receive special bonuses in addition to his annual bonus eligibility at the discretion of the Board or the Committee; it being understood that there
is no entitlement thereto hereunder. Any bonuses paid hereunder shall be paid, in the Companys discretion, in cash, restricted stock units and/or other equity awards. 

3.3 Equity Awards. The Company may provide Equity Awards to Executive pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the
Companys 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan) (or the then current equity compensation plan of the Company, as applicable). The Compensation Committee or the Chief Executive Officer permitted to delegated authority shall set
the amount and terms of such Equity Awards. For purposes of this Agreement, Equity Awards includes all awards of equity or equity-based compensation granted to Executive, including but not limited to, options, restricted stock units,
restricted stock, performance shares, performance share units, and stock appreciation rights. 

-2- 

ARTICLE 4. 

EXECUTIVE BENEFITS 

4.1
Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to vacation (paid time off) each year, without reduction in compensation, in accordance with the general policies of the Company applicable generally to other similarly situated executives of the Company
pursuant to the Companys personnel policies from time to time. 

4.2 Benefits. Executive shall receive all other such benefits
as the Company may offer to other similarly situated executives of the Company generally under the Company personnel plans, practices, policies and programs in accordance with their terms as in effect from time to time, such as (and if applicable)
health and disability insurance coverage, and paid sick leave. 

ARTICLE 5. 

REIMBURSEMENT FOR EXPENSES 

5.1
Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for all ordinary, necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties or otherwise in furtherance of the business of the Company in accordance with the
policies of the Company in effect from time to time. Executive shall keep accurate and complete records of all such expenses, including, but not limited to, proof of payment and purpose. Executive shall account fully for all such expenses to the
Company. No reimbursement will be made later than the close of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred. Expenses eligible for reimbursement in any one taxable year shall not affect the amount of expenses
eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year, and the right to expense reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

ARTICLE 6. 

TERMINATION 

6.1 General. The Term, and Executives employment hereunder, shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of
(i) Executives death, (ii) a termination by reason of a Disability, (iii) a termination by the Company with or without Cause, or (iv) a termination by Executive with or without Good Reason. Except as otherwise expressly
required by law (e.g., COBRA) or as specifically provided herein, all of Executives rights to future employee benefits and other compensatory amounts hereunder (if any) shall cease upon the termination of Executives employment hereunder
(except as may be specifically provided in an Equity Award or the terms of an employee benefit plan in which Executive participates). 

6.2
Deemed Resignation. Upon any termination of Executives employment for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Executive, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from
any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other positions Executive holds with the Company or any other member of the Company Group. 

-3- 

6.3 Termination for Cause. Without limiting the generality of Section 6.5, the
Company shall have the right to terminate Executives employment, without further obligation or liability to Executive, upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events, which events shall be deemed termination for cause
(Cause). 

6.3.1 Failure to Perform Duties. If Executive neglects to perform the material duties of Executives
employment under this Agreement in a professional and businesslike manner, other than due to Executives Disability (unless such Disability is due to substance or alcohol abuse), after having received thirty (30) days written notice
specifying such failure to perform and a reasonable opportunity to perform. 

6.3.2 Willful Breach. If Executive willfully commits a
material breach of this Agreement and, if curable, fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of written notice thereof or a material willful breach of Executives fiduciary duty to the Company. 

6.3.3 Wrongful Acts. If Executive is convicted of a felony or misdemeanor involving acts of moral turpitude or commits fraud,
misrepresentation, embezzlement or other acts of material misconduct against the Company (including violating or condoning the violation of any rules or regulations of government authorities that could have a material adverse effect on the Company)
that would make the continuance of Executives employment by the Company detrimental to the Company as determined in good faith by the Company. 

6.4 Death or Disability. This Agreement (and Executives employment with the Company) shall terminate on the death or
Disability of Executive. Executive will be deemed to have a Disability when Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be
expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a substantially continuous period of not less than one hundred eighty (180) days, or begins receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than six (6) months under
an accident and health plan of the Company or an affiliate by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six
(6) months. If there should be a dispute between the Company and Executive as to Executives physical or mental Disability for purposes of this Agreement, the question shall be settled by the opinion of an impartial reputable physician or
psychiatrist agreed upon by the parties or their representatives, or if the parties cannot agree within ten (10) days after a request for designation of such party, then a physician or psychiatrist designated by the Clark County Medical Society
or similar body. The certification of such a physician or psychiatrist as to the questioned dispute shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto. 

6.5 Termination Without Cause. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall have the right to terminate
Executives employment under this Agreement at any time without Cause by giving notice of such termination to Executive. 

-4- 

6.6 Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may terminate
Executives employment under this Agreement on thirty (30) days prior notice to the Company for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean and be limited to: (i) a material breach of this Agreement
by the Company (including without limitation the assignment to Executive of duties materially inconsistent with Executives position described in Section 2.1, or any material reduction in the authority, duties or responsibilities of
Executive); (ii) following a Change in Control, any relocation (without Executives consent) of Executives work location outside the greater metropolitan area in which Executives work location was located immediately prior to the
Change in Control; (iii) the requirement that Executive report to anyone other than the Chief Financial Officer; (iv) a material reduction by the Company in Executives Base Salary, a material reduction in other employee welfare or
retirement benefits taken as a whole (except as such benefits may be changed or reduced for other similarly-situated executives), or the failure by the Company to pay Executive any material portion of Executives current compensation when due;
or (v) following a Change in Control (as defined in the Companys 2020 Plan) or a reorganization or restructuring of the Company, (A) the failure of the Company, the failure of any acquiring or successor company, or, if the acquiring
or successor company is a subsidiary of another company, the failure of the highest-level parent of the acquiring or successor company, to enter into an agreement naming Executive as the Chief Accounting Officer, of the highest-level parent of the
acquiring or successor company with duties materially consistent with Executives duties as Chief Accounting Officer, as the case may be; or (B) a requirement that Executive, as Chief Accounting Officer, of the Company, the acquiring or
successor company or highest-level parent of the acquiring or successor company, must report to an executive other than the Chief Financial Officer whose authority limits Executives authority, duty or responsibility. For the avoidance of
doubt, each of the conditions described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of the preceding sentence is a separate and independent basis for termination by Executive for Good Reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executives
resignation shall not be treated as a resignation for Good Reason unless (a) Executive notifies the Company (including any acquiring and/or successor company) in writing of a condition constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days
following Executives becoming aware of such condition; (b) the Company fails to remedy such condition within thirty (30) days following such written notice (the Remedy Period); and (c) Executive resigns within thirty
(30) days following the expiration of the Remedy Period. 

6.7 Effect of Termination. 

6.7.1 Payment of Salary, Bonus and Expenses Upon Termination. Any termination under this Section 6 shall be effective upon receipt
of notice by Executive or the Company, as the case may be, of such termination or upon such other later date as may be provided herein or specified by the Company or Executive in the notice (the Termination Date), except as otherwise
provided in this Section 6. If Executives employment is terminated, all benefits provided to Executive by the Company hereunder shall thereupon cease, except as provided in this Section 6.7, and the Company shall pay or cause to be
paid to Executive all accrued but unpaid Base Salary, any unreimbursed expenses (payable pursuant to the Companys expense reimbursement policies), any accrued vested benefits under the Companys benefit plans including equity-based
incentives and vacation (payable or provided pursuant to the terms of such benefit plans), any compensation previously voluntarily deferred by Executive payable in accordance with the provisions of the applicable deferred compensation plan and in
accordance 

-5- 

with Executives election under such plan, and, except in the case of Termination for Cause, as additional severance and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.2 hereof, a prorated
bonus for the year of termination. Such prorated bonus shall be determined and paid as follows: (a) First, the performance criteria shall be applied to the entire year of termination (with any subjective goals treated as satisfied at not less
than target and no negative discretion otherwise applied) to determine the bonus that Executive would have received for the entire year if his employment had not terminated, (b) Second, the amount determined under clause (a) of this
sentence shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the year before the date of the termination of Executives employment and the denominator of which is three hundred sixty five (365), to determine the
amount of the prorated bonus, and (c) Third, the prorated bonus shall be paid at the times and in the form specified when the Chief Executive Officer determined the achievement of performance under the Companys bonus program for the year
(provided, that, any equity-based component of the bonus shall be treated as fully vested), or, if no such time was then specified, as soon as practicable (but in no event later than March 15th) after the end of the year in which the termination of
employment occurred. If at the Termination Date, Executive shall have satisfied all the requirements to earn an annual bonus relative to the calendar year immediately preceding or ending on the Termination Date but such bonus has not yet been paid,
then except in the case of a Termination for Cause, such bonus shall be paid to Executive at the same time such bonus was otherwise scheduled to have been paid. In addition, promptly upon submission by Executive of his unpaid expenses incurred prior
to the Termination Date and owing to Executive pursuant to Article 5, reimbursement for such expenses shall be made. If Executives employment is terminated for Cause, or by the Executive without Good Reason, Executive
shall not be entitled to receive any payments other than as specified in this Section 6.7.1. Termination by the Company for Cause shall be in addition to and without prejudice to any other right or remedy that the Company may be entitled to at
law, in equity, or under this Agreement. 

6.7.2 Termination Without Cause or Termination by Executive with Good Reason Other than in
Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment without Cause or Executive terminates his employment with Good Reason (other than in connection with a Change in Control as contemplated by
Section 6.7.4), the following shall apply: 

(a) 

Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) times
(i) Executives Base Salary (such multiple of such Base Salary, the Base Severance Benefit) in effect on the date of termination; plus (ii) the total dollar value of the target bonus, the Bonus
Amount). The Base Severance Benefit and Bonus Amount shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the release becoming effective and revocation rights thereon having lapsed. In addition, Executive shall be
entitled to receive any amounts payable under Section 6.7.1 above. The payments contemplated herein shall not be subject to any duty of mitigation by Executive nor to offset for any income earned by Executive following termination.

-6- 

(b) 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive health benefits coverage for Executive and his dependents, and
disability insurance coverage for Executive, under the same plan(s) or arrangement(s) under which Executive and his dependents were covered immediately before his termination of employment or plan(s) established or arrangement(s) provided by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereafter for the benefit of senior executives until the earliest of (i) eighteen (18) months following the date of termination of Executives employment; and (ii) the date Executive (and in the
case of his dependents, the dependents) becomes covered or eligible for coverage under any other group health plan or group disability plan (as the case may be) not maintained by the Company Group; provided, however, that if such other group health
plan excludes any preexisting condition that Executive or Executives dependents may have when coverage under this Section 6.7.2 shall continue (but not beyond the period described in clause (i) of this sentence) with respect to such pre-existing condition until such exclusion under such other group health plan lapses or expires. The Company shall pay any applicable premiums on such insurance coverage; provided, however, that if at any time the
Company determines that its payment of such premiums would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Section 105(h)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or any other Code section, law
or regulation of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums, the Company will instead
pay to Executive a fully taxable monthly cash payment in an amount such that, after payment by Executive of all taxes on such payment, Executive retains an amount equal to the premiums the Company would have paid for such month, with such monthly
payment being made on the last day of each month for the remainder of the eighteen (18) month period. In the event Executive is required to make an election under Sections 601 through 607 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (commonly known as COBRA) to qualify for the benefits described in this Section 6.7.2, the obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries under this Section 6.7.2 shall be conditioned upon Executives timely making such an
election. Nothing contained herein shall prevent Executive or his dependents from securing continued coverage under COBRA at their own expense to the extent permitted by COBRA or otherwise applicable law. Any payment or reimbursement of benefits
under this Section 6.7.2 that is taxable to Executive or his dependents shall be made by December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive or his dependent incurred the expense. Expenses eligible for
reimbursement in any one taxable year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year, and the right to expense reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. The
benefits described in this Section 6.7.2(b) shall be referred to as the Health and Disability Coverage Continuation. 

-7- 

6.7.3 Termination for Death or Disability. If Executive dies or the Company
terminates Executives employment due to Disability, the following shall apply: 

(a) 

Executive (or his estate) shall be entitled to receive any amounts payable under Section 6.7.1 above.

(b) 

Executive (and/or his eligible dependents) shall also be entitled to receive the Health and Disability Coverage
Continuation. 

(c) 

Notwithstanding anything contained in the 2020 Plan or any Equity Award agreement under the 2020 Plan to the
contrary, the following provisions shall apply to the Executives Equity Awards (the Termination Equity Treatment) and shall apply to Executive (or his estate): 

(i) 

With respect to any Equity Awards that are subject to vesting in the ordinary course based solely upon the
provision of continued service (Time Vested Awards), all Time Vested Awards shall vest in full as of the date of such termination. 

(ii) 

With respect to any Equity Awards that are subject to vesting in the ordinary course based upon the achievement
of performance conditions (and whether or not exists any service vesting condition) (Performance Vested Awards), all Performance Vested Awards will vest as of the date of such termination based on (A) actual achievement of
performance conditions, with respect to any applicable performance period that has completed on or prior to the date of such termination, and (B) the greater of actual or target achievement of performance conditions, with respect to any
applicable performance period that has not been completed on or prior to the date of such termination. 

6.7.4
Termination Without Cause or Termination by Executive with Good Reason Prior to, On or Within Twenty-Four (24) Months After a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment without Cause or
Executive terminates his employment with Good Reason within ninety (90) days prior to, on or within twenty-four (24) months after a Change in Control, the following shall apply: 

(a) 

Executive shall be entitled to receive any amounts payable under Section 6.7.1 above.

(b) 

The Company shall pay to Executive in lieu of the Base Severance Benefit and the Bonus Amount, in a lump sum on
the first payroll date following the release becoming effective (and revocation rights thereon having lapsed), except as otherwise provided in Section 6.10.4 or Section 6.10.5 below, as applicable, an amount equal to two hundred percent
(200%) of the sum of Executives Base Salary in effect on the date of termination and the Target Bonus for the year of termination. 

-8- 

(c) 

Executive shall be entitled to receive the Health and Disability Coverage Continuation. 

(d) 

Executive shall be entitled to the Termination Equity Treatment. 

6.7.5 Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the parties hereto intend that payments and
benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A) and, accordingly,
to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith or exempt therefrom, and the Company may adopt such amendments to the Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies
and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to exempt any payment hereunder from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of any payment provided
hereunder, or comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A; provided that, in no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest
or penalty that may be imposed on the Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Section 409A. In the event that any compensation with respect to Executives separation from service is nonqualified deferred
compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, the stock of the Company or any affiliate is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, and Executive is determined to be a specified employee, as defined
in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, payment of such compensation shall be delayed as required by Section 409A. Such delay shall last six (6) months from the date of Executives separation from service, except in the event of
Executives death. Within thirty (30) days following the end of such six-month period, or, if earlier, Executives death, the Company will make a catch-up
payment to Executive equal to the total amount of such payments that would have been made during the six-month period but for this Section 6.7.5. Whenever payments under this Agreement are to be made in
installments, each such installment shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Payments of compensation or benefits on Executives termination of employment (other than accrued salary and other accrued amounts
that must be paid under applicable law, and welfare benefits specified in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5)) shall be paid only if and when the termination of employment constitutes a
separation from service under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) if required in order to comply with Section 409A. In no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes
nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A be subject to offset unless otherwise permitted by Section 409A. To the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind benefits
under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A, (i) all expenses or other reimbursements hereunder shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the
taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by the Executive, (ii) any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and
(iii) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year. Any payments made in accordance with the Companys customary payroll practices shall be made within thirty (30) days of each payroll date
pursuant to the payroll schedule in effect on the Effective Date of this Agreement. 

-9- 

6.7.6 Suspension. In lieu of terminating Executives employment hereunder for
Cause under Section 6.3, the Company shall have the right, at its sole election, to implement a disciplinary suspension of Executive for an aggregate of not more than thirty (30) days by giving Executive written notice of the
Companys election to do so. The Company shall have the right to extend the Term beyond its normal expiration date by the period(s) of any suspension(s). The Companys exercise of its right to suspend Executive shall not constitute a
breach of any provision of this Agreement and shall not preclude the Company from subsequently terminating Executives employment hereunder; provided nothing herein shall eliminate the Companys obligation to provide required
written notice, or prevent Executive from having the opportunity to cure any defect raised in such notice, to the extent applicable under the relevant subsection of Section 6 hereof. Executive shall not render services to any other person, firm
or corporation engaged in, or actively seeking to become engaged in the Competing Business during any period of suspension. Executive shall be entitled to continued compensation and benefits pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement during the
suspension(s). 

6.8 No Exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executives continuing or
future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or its subsidiaries and for which the Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as Executive may have under any other
contract or agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries at or subsequent to the Date of Termination (Other Benefits), which such Other Benefits shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive receives payments and benefits pursuant to Article 6 of this Agreement, Executive shall not be entitled to any additional severance pay or
benefits under any severance plan, program or policy of the Company and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise specifically provided therein in a specific reference in or to this Agreement. 

6.9 Full Settlement. The provisions of this Agreement constitute the sole and complete understanding and resolution of the parties
regarding rights upon termination. 

6.10 Release. It shall be a condition for Executives right to receive any severance
benefits hereunder that Executive execute a general release of all claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates in the form as attached hereto as Appendix A. The timing of payments under this Agreement upon the execution of the general
release shall be governed by the following provisions: 

(a) 

The Company must deliver the release to Executive for execution no later than fourteen (14) days after
Executives termination of employment. If the Company fails to deliver the release to Executive within such fourteen (14) day period, Executive will be deemed to have satisfied the release requirement and will receive payments conditioned
on execution of the release as though Executive had executed the release and all revocation rights had lapsed at the end of such fourteen (14) day period. 

-10- 

(b) 

Executive must execute the release within either twenty-one
(21) or forty-five (45) days from its delivery to Executive as specified in the release. 

(c) 

If Executive has revocation rights, Executive shall exercise such rights, if at all, not later than seven
(7) days after executing the release. 

(d) 

In any case in which the release (and the expiration of any revocation rights) could only become effective in a
particular tax year of Executive, payments conditioned on execution of the release shall be made within thirty (30) days after the release becomes effective and revocation rights have lapsed. 

(e) 

In any case in which the release (and the expiration of any revocation rights) could become effective in one of
two (2) taxable years of Executive depending on when Executive executes the release, payments conditioned on execution of the release be made within thirty (30) days after the release becomes effective and revocation rights have lapsed,
but not before the first business day of the later of such tax years. 

6.11 Excise Tax Limitation. 

6.11.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) in the event that any parachute payment
(within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to be paid or made payable to Executive or for Executives benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, Executives
employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries on a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or its assets (a 280G Change of Control) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (a Payment
or Payments) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), and (ii) (A) the net amount of the Payments Executive would retain after payment of the Excise Tax and federal
and state income taxes on the Payments would be less than (B) the net amount of the Payments Executive would retain, after payment of the Excise Tax and federal and state income taxes on the Payments, if the Payments were reduced to the extent
necessary that no portion of the Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax (the Section 4999 Limit), then the Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Section 4999 Limit. Unless Executive shall have given prior
written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the limitations described in the preceding sentence, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Payments by first reducing or eliminating those Payments or benefits which are
not payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating cash Payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits that are to be paid the farthest in time from the Determination (as hereinafter defined); provided,
however, that any such reduction 

-11- 

will be made first to any Payments that are not subject to Section 409A, and if further reduction is required, will then be made to Payments subject to Section 409A. Any notice given by
Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other agreement, arrangement or agreement governing Executives rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. For purposes of the
calculations described above, it shall be assumed that Executives tax rate will be the maximum marginal federal and state income tax rate on earned income. 

6.11.2 All determinations required to be made under this Section 6.11 (each, a Determination) shall be made, at the
Companys expense, by the accounting firm which is the Companys accounting firm prior to a 280G Change of Control or another nationally recognized accounting firm designated by the Board (or a committee thereof) prior to the
280G Change of Control (the Accounting Firm). The Accounting Firm shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, both to the Company and to Executive before payment of Executives Severance Payment
hereunder (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company or Executive (in either case provided that the Company or Executive believes in good faith that any of the Payments may be
subject to the Excise Tax). Within ten (10) calendar days of the delivery of the Determination to Executive, Executive shall have the right to dispute the Determination (the Dispute). The existence of any Dispute shall not in any
way affect Executives right to receive the Payments in accordance with the Determination. If there is no Dispute, the Determination by the Accounting Firm shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive, subject to the
application of Section 6.11.3. 

6.11.3 As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Sections 4999 and 280G of the Code, it is
possible that the Payments either will have been made or will not have been made by the Company, in either case in a manner inconsistent with the limitations provided in Section 6.11.1 (an Excess Payment or Underpayment,
respectively). If it is established pursuant to (i) a final determination of a court for which all appeals have been taken and finally resolved or the time for all appeals has expired, or (ii) an Internal Revenue Service (the
IRS) proceeding that has been finally and conclusively resolved, that an Excess Payment has been made, such Excess Payment shall be deemed for all purposes to be a loan to Executive made on the date Executive received the Excess Payment
and Executive shall repay the Excess Payment to the Company on demand, together with interest on the Excess Payment at one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the applicable federal rate (as defined in Section 1274(d) of the Code) compounded
semi-annually from the date of Executives receipt of such Excess Payment until the date of such repayment. If it is determined (i) by the Accounting Firm, the Company (which shall include the position taken by the Company, together with
its consolidated group, on its federal income tax return) or the IRS, (ii) pursuant to a determination by a court, or (iii) upon the resolution to Executives satisfaction of the Dispute, that an Underpayment has occurred, the Company
shall pay an amount equal to the Underpayment to Executive within ten (10) calendar days of such determination or resolution, together with interest on such amount at one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the applicable federal rate compounded
semi-annually from the date such amount should have been paid to Executive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but for the operation of this Section 6.11.3, until the date of payment. 

-12- 

ARTICLE 7. 

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 

7.1
General. Executive acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the business of the Company Group, that access to Confidential Information renders Executive special and unique within the industry of the Company Group, and that
Executive will have the opportunity to develop substantial relationships with existing and prospective clients, accounts, customers, consultants, contractors, investors, and strategic partners of the Company Group during the course of and as a
result of Executives employment with the Company. In light of the foregoing, as a condition of Executives employment by the Company, and in consideration of Executives employment hereunder and the compensation and benefits provided
herein, Executive acknowledges and agrees to the covenants contained in this Article 7. Executive further recognizes and acknowledges that the restrictions and limitations set forth in this Article 7 are reasonable and valid in geographical and
temporal scope and in all other respects and are essential to protect the value of the business and assets of the Company Group. 

7.2
Nondisclosure of Confidential Material. In the performance of Executives duties, Executive has or will have access to confidential records, including, but not limited to, development, marketing, organizational, financial, managerial,
administrative and sales information, data, specifications and processes presently owned or at any time hereafter developed or used by the Company or its agents or consultants that is not otherwise part of the public domain (collectively, the
Confidential Material). All such Confidential Material is considered secret and is disclosed to Executive in confidence. Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Material constitutes proprietary information of the Company that draws
independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who could obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and that the Company has taken efforts reasonable under the circumstances,
of which this Section 7.2 is an example, to maintain its secrecy. Except in the performance of Executives duties to the Company or as required by a court order or any gaming regulator or as required for Executives personal tax or
legal advisors to advise Executive, Executive shall not during the course of employment or subsequent to termination of employment, directly or indirectly for any reason whatsoever, disclose, divulge, communicate, use or otherwise disclose any such
Confidential Material, unless such Confidential Material ceases to be confidential because it has become part of the public domain (not due to a breach by Executive of Executives obligations hereunder). Executive shall also take all reasonable
actions appropriate to maintain the secrecy of all Confidential Information. All records, lists, memoranda, correspondence, reports, manuals, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and other tangible items (including computer software), wherever
located, incorporating the Confidential Material, which Executive shall prepare, use or encounter, shall be and remain the Companys sole and exclusive property and shall be included in the Confidential Material. Upon termination of this
Agreement, or whenever requested by the Company, Executive shall promptly deliver to the Company any and all of the Confidential Material, not previously delivered to the Company, that is in the possession or under the control of Executive. 

-13- 

7.3 Assignment of Intellectual Property Rights. Any ideas, processes, know-how, copyrightable works, maskworks, trade or service marks, trade secrets, inventions, developments, discoveries, improvements and other matters that may be protected by intellectual property rights, that
relate to the Companys business and are the results of Executives efforts during the Term (collectively, the Executive Work Product), whether conceived or developed alone or with others, and whether or not conceived during
the regular working hours of the Company, shall be deemed works made for hire and are the property of the Company. In the event that for whatever reason such Executive Work Product shall not be deemed a work made for hire, Executive agrees that such
Executive Work Product shall become the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and Executive hereby assigns to the Company Executives entire right, title and interest in and to each and every patent, copyright, trade or service mark
(including any attendant goodwill), trade secret or other intellectual property right embodied in Executive Work Product. The Company shall also have the right, in its sole discretion to keep any and all of Executive Work Product as the
Companys Confidential Material. The foregoing work made for hire and assignment provisions are and shall be in consideration of this Agreement of employment by the Company, and no further consideration is or shall be provided to Executive by
the Company with respect to these provisions. Executive agrees to execute any assignment documents the Company may require confirming the Companys ownership of any Executive Work Product. Executive also waives any and all moral rights with
respect to any such works, including without limitation any and all rights of identification of authorship and/or rights of approval, restriction or limitation on use or subsequent modifications. Executive promptly will disclose to the Company any
Executive Work Product. 

7.4 No Unfair Competition After Termination of Agreement. Executive hereby acknowledges that the sale or
unauthorized use or disclosure of any of the Companys Confidential Material obtained by Executive by any means whatsoever, at any time before, during or after the Term shall constitute unfair competition. Executive shall not engage in any
unfair competition with the Company either during the Term or at any time thereafter. 

7.5 Covenant Not to Compete. During the Term
and the Post-Termination Restricted Period, Executive shall not, anywhere within the Territory or for the benefit of a Competing Businesss operations or sales within the Territory, directly or indirectly, acting individually or as an owner,
shareholder, partner, employee, contractor, agent or otherwise (other than on behalf of the Company): (a) provide services that are the same as or similar in function or purpose to the services Executive provided to the Company during the last
twelve (12) months of employment or such shorter period of time as Executive has been employed (the Look Back Period); or (b) provide services that are otherwise likely or probable to result in the use or disclosure of
Confidential Information, in each case of (a) or (b) to a Competing Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may at any time own, for investment purposes only, up to one-half percent (0.5%)
of the equity of (i) any publicly held company whose equity is either listed on a national stock exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System or (ii) any non-publicly held company in a passive
investment. Executive shall be permitted to provide services to a unit, division, or subsidiary of an entity engaging in a Competing Business if such unit, division, or subsidiary is not engaging in a Competing Business and Executive is not
providing services to any unit, division, or subsidiary engaging in the Competing Business. The Post-Termination Restriction Period shall not apply under this Section 7.5 if Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
or by Executive with Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement 

-14- 

Competing Business shall mean any person, firm, corporation, partnership or
business that engages in any business, directly or indirectly (through a subsidiary or otherwise) which competes with the Company Groups business activities related to rare earth mining and processing and magnet manufacturing. 

Post-Termination Restricted Period shall mean the period commencing on the date of the termination of the Term for any reason and
ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such date of termination. 

Territory shall mean within a 180-mile radius of Mountain Pass, California, Fort Worth, Texas, Las Vegas, Nevada or within 180-mile radius of any jurisdiction in which any member of
the Company Group engages in material business, derives a material portion of its revenues or has demonstrable plans to commence material business activities in. 

Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Executive may own, directly or indirectly, solely as an investment, securities of any business traded on any national
securities exchange or NASDAQ, provided that Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such business, and furtherprovided that Executive does not, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly,
own one-half (0.5%) or more of any class of securities of such business without breaching this covenant not to compete (Permissible Investment). Such ownership shall not constitute a breach of this
Section 7.5. 

(b) Nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit Executives employment in a separately operated
subsidiary or other business unit of a company that would not be a Competing Business but for common ownership with a Competing Business so long as written assurances regarding the non-competitive nature of
Executives position that are satisfactory to the Company have been provided by Executive and the new employer in advance. 

7.6
Irreparable Injury. The promised service of Executive under this Agreement and the other promises of this Article 7 are of special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, or intellectual character, which gives them peculiar value, the loss of which
cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law. 

7.7 Remedies for Breach. Executive agrees that
money damages will not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of the obligations under this Article 7 and that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief (which shall include, but not be limited to, restraining Executive from directly or
indirectly working for or having an ownership interest (except for a Permissible Investment) in any Competing Business in any Territory that the Company or its affiliates owns or operates any such business, using or disclosing the Confidential
Material) and to specific performance as remedies for any such breach. Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to such relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the
necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting a bond or making any undertaking in connection therewith. Any such 

-15- 

requirement of a bond or undertaking is hereby waived by Executive and Executive acknowledges that in the absence of such a waiver, a bond or undertaking might otherwise be required by the court.
Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for any breach of the obligations in this Article 7, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity. 

7.8 Non-disparagement. In the event this Agreement is terminated either by the Company or by
Executive for any reason: (i) Executive agrees that Executive will not disparage (or induce or encourage others to disparage) the Company, any of its affiliates or any of its or their officers, directors, executives, employees or shareholders.
As used herein, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or written or oral statements to the press, the financial community, other gaming companies, any of the Companys or its affiliates officers, directors,
executives, employees or shareholders or any person with whom the Company or any of its affiliates has a business relationship, or any other person: (A) that is designed to or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect in any manner the
conduct of any of the Companys or any of its affiliates business or the business or personal reputations of the Company, its affiliates or any of the Companys or its affiliates officers, directors, executives, employees or
shareholders; or (B) that negatively reflects upon, in any manner whatsoever, the Company, its affiliates or any of the Companys or its affiliates officers, directors, executives, employees or shareholders; and (ii) the Company
agrees that the Company will not disparage (or induce or encourage others to disparage) Executive. As used herein, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or written or oral statements to the press, the financial
community, other gaming companies, any of the Companys or its affiliates officers, directors, executives, employees or shareholders or any person with whom Executive has a business relationship, or any other person: (A) that is
designed to or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect in any manner the conduct of any of Executives business or the business or personal reputation of Executive; or (B) that negatively reflects upon, in any manner whatsoever,
Executive. 

ARTICLE 8. 

ARBITRATION 

8.1 General.
Except for a claim for injunctive relief under Section 7.7 or claims that controlling federal or state law bar from the coverage of arbitration agreements, any controversy, dispute, or claim between the parties to this Agreement, including but
not limited to any claim arising out of, in connection with, or in relation to the formation, interpretation, performance or breach of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, before a single arbitrator, in accordance with this
Article 8 and the then most applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any state or federal court having jurisdiction thereof. Such arbitration shall be administered
by the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration shall be the exclusive remedy for determining any such dispute, regardless of its nature. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may in an appropriate matter apply to a court for provisional
relief, including a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction, on the ground that the award to which the applicant may be entitled in arbitration may be rendered ineffectual without provisional relief. Unless mutually agreed by the
parties otherwise, any arbitration shall take place in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

-16- 

8.2 Selection of Arbitrator. In the event the parties are unable to agree upon an
arbitrator, the parties shall select a single arbitrator from a list of nine arbitrators drawn by the parties at random from the Independent (or Gold Card) list of retired judges or, at the option of Executive, from a list of
nine persons (which shall be retired judges or corporate or litigation attorneys experienced in executive employment agreements) provided by the office of the American Arbitration Association having jurisdiction over Las Vegas, Nevada. If the
parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator from the list so drawn, then the parties shall each strike names alternately from the list, with the first to strike being determined by lot. After each party has used four strikes, the remaining name
on the list shall be the arbitrator. If such person is unable to serve for any reason, the parties shall repeat this process until an arbitrator is selected. 

8.3 Applicability of Arbitration; Remedial Authority. This Agreement to resolve any disputes by binding arbitration shall extend to
claims against any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of each party, and, when acting within such capacity, any officer, director, stockholder, employee or agent of each party, or of any of the above, and shall apply as well to claims arising out of
state and federal statutes and local ordinances as well as to claims arising under the common law. In the event of a dispute subject to this paragraph the parties shall be entitled to reasonable discovery subject to the discretion of the arbitrator.
The remedial authority of the arbitrator (which shall include the right to grant injunctive or other equitable relief) shall be the same as, but no greater than, would be the remedial power of a court having jurisdiction over the parties and their
dispute. The arbitrator shall, upon an appropriate motion, dismiss any claim without an evidentiary hearing if the party bringing the motion establishes that such party would be entitled to summary judgment if the matter had been pursued in court
litigation. In the event of a conflict between the applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association and these procedures, the provisions of these procedures shall govern. 

8.4 Fees and Costs. Any filing or administrative fees shall be borne initially by the party requesting arbitration up to the cost of
initiating litigation in state or federal court in Las Vegas, Nevada, whichever amount being less. The Company shall be responsible for the costs and arbitrator fees of the arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prevailing party in such
arbitration, as determined by the arbitrator, and in any enforcement or other court proceedings, shall be entitled, to the extent permitted by law, to reimbursement from the other party for all of the prevailing partys costs (including but not
limited to the arbitrators compensation), expenses, and attorneys fees. 

8.5 Award Final and Binding. The arbitrator
shall render an award and written opinion, and the award shall be final and binding upon the parties. If any of the provisions of this paragraph, or of this Agreement, are determined to be unlawful or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part,
such determination shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed to the extent necessary to carry out its provisions to the greatest extent possible and to ensure that the resolution of all
conflicts between the parties, including those arising out of statutory claims, shall be resolved by neutral, binding arbitration. If a court should find that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement are not absolutely binding, then the parties
intend any arbitration decision and award to be fully admissible in evidence in any subsequent action, given great weight by any finder of fact, and treated as determinative. 

-17- 

ARTICLE 9. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1
Amendments. The provisions of this Agreement may not be waived, altered, amended or repealed in whole or in part except by the signed written consent of the parties sought to be bound by such waiver, alteration, amendment or repeal. 

9.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the agreements governing the equity grants between the Company and Executive constitute the
total and complete agreement of the parties and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements heretofore made, and there are no other representations, understandings or agreements. 

9.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one of more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

9.4 Severability. Each term, covenant, condition or provision of this
Agreement shall be viewed as separate and distinct, and in the event that any such term, covenant, condition or provision shall be deemed by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the court or arbitrator
finding such invalidity or unenforceability shall modify or reform this Agreement to give as much effect as possible to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Any term or provision that cannot be so modified or reformed shall be deleted and the
remaining terms and provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 

9.5 Waiver or Delay. The failure or delay on the part of
the Company, or Executive to exercise any right or remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall not operate as a waiver thereof. A waiver, to be effective, must be in writing and signed by the party making the waiver. A written waiver of default shall
not operate as a waiver of any other default or of the same type of default on a future occasion. 

9.6 Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the parties to it and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided herein. Except as provided in this Section 9.6, without
the prior written consent of Executive, this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company. The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Company means
the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 

-18- 

9.7 No Assignment or Transfer by Executive. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, benefits, obligations or duties hereunder may be assigned or transferred by Executive other than to Executives estate or beneficiaries in the event amounts payable to Executive hereunder remain due after Executives death. Any
purported assignment or transfer by Executive shall be void. 

9.8 Necessary Acts. Each party to this Agreement shall perform any
further acts and execute and deliver any additional agreements, assignments or documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions or to effectuate the purpose of this Agreement. 

9.9 Governing Law. This Agreement and all subsequent agreements between the parties shall be governed by and interpreted, construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada. 

9.10 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of service, if personally served on the party to whom notice is to be given, or forty-eight (48) hours after mailing, if mailed to the
party to whom notice is to be given by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and properly addressed to the party at Executives address set forth as follows or any other address that any party may designate by
written notice to the other parties: 

To Executive: 

At the current address on file with

the Company
from time to time.

To the Company: 

MP Materials Corp.

1700 S. Pavilion Center
Drive, Suite 800

Las Vegas, NV 89135

9.11 Headings and Captions. The headings and captions used herein are solely for the purpose of
reference only and are not to be considered as construing or interpreting the provisions of this Agreement. 

9.12 Construction. All
terms and definitions contained herein shall be construed in such a manner that shall give effect to the fullest extent possible to the express or implied intent of the parties hereby. 

9.13 Counsel. Executive has been advised by the Company that Executive should consider seeking the advice of counsel in connection with
the execution of this Agreement and Executive has had an opportunity to do so. Executive has read and understands this Agreement, and has sought the advice of counsel to the extent Executive has determined appropriate. 

9.14 Withholding of Compensation. Executive hereby agrees that the Company may deduct and withhold from the compensation or other
amounts payable to Executive hereunder or otherwise in connection with Executives employment any amounts required to be deducted and withheld by the Company under the provisions of any applicable Federal, state and local statute, law,
regulation, ordinance or order. 

9.15 References to Sections of the Code. All references in this Agreement and any Appendix hereto
to sections of the Code shall be to such sections and to any successor or substantially comparable sections of the Code or to any successor thereto. 

-19- 

9.16 Effect of Delay. Executives or the Companys failure to insist upon
strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including without limitation the right of Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to
Section 6.6 (subject to the terms thereof), shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement. 

9.17 No Duty to Mitigate. The payments and benefits contemplated herein shall not be subject to any duty of mitigation by Executive nor
to offset for any income earned by Executive following the termination of Executives employment. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

-20- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of
the Effective Date. 

EXECUTIVE THE COMPANY

MP Materials Corp.

/s/ David G. Infuso 

/s/ Elliot D. Hoops

David G. Infuso By: Elliot D. Hoops

Its: General Counsel and Secretary

-21- 

APPENDIX A 

RELEASE and RESIGNATION 

For
valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned ________________ (Executive), for Executive and Executives spouse, heirs, estate, administrators and executors, hereby fully and forever releases and
discharges MP Materials Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of its subsidiaries and the officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents of the Company and each such subsidiary, of and from any and all claims,
demands, causes of action of any kind or nature, in law, equity or otherwise, whether known or unknown, which Executive has had, may have had, or now has, or may have, arising out of or in connection with Executives employment with the Company
and/or its subsidiaries or the termination of such employment; provided, however, that nothing contained herein is intended to nor shall constitute a release of the Company from any obligations it may have to Executive under any
written employment agreement between Executive and the Company in effect as of the date hereof, or any deferred compensation plan or arrangement in which Executive participates or any rights of indemnification under the Companys Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws, or the like, or coverage under Director and Officer Insurance, nor shall it prevent Executive from exercising Executives rights, if any, under any such employment agreement or under any stock option, restricted stock or
similar agreement in effect as of the date hereof in accordance with their terms. 

Executive represents and warrants that Executive has
not assigned or in any way conveyed, transferred or encumbered all or any portion of the claims or rights covered by this release. 

Executive hereby resigns from all positions as an officer, director or employee of the Company and each of its subsidiaries or affiliates
effective the date hereof and further agrees to execute such further evidence of such resignations as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing. 

Executed this _____ day of _________, 20__. 

Executive
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mp-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mp-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mp-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name MP Materials Corp. / DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001801368

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39277

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4465489

Entity Address, Address Line One 1700 S. Pavilion Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 800

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89135

City Area Code (702)

Local Phone Number 844-6111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol MP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://mpmaterials.com//20250404/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d927657d8k.htm 
mp-20250404.xsd 
mp-20250404_lab.xml 
mp-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-073437-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d927657d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001801368 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

MP Materials Corp. / DE 
false 
0001801368 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
DE 
001-39277 
84-4465489 
1700 S. Pavilion Center Drive 
Suite 800 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89135 
(702) 
844-6111 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share 
MP 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>