<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-060947.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-060947.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324090836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-060947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				833340169
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40373
		FILM NUMBER:		25762480

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9601 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 285-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9601 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d897469d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001766363--12-3100017663632025-03-242025-03-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025

Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-40373 83-3340169

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9601 Wilshire Boulevard, 3rd Floor 

Beverly Hills, California 90210

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(310)285-9000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share EDR New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Acquisition of Endeavor by Silver Lake 

On March 24, 2025 (the Closing Date), Silver Lake completed the previously announced acquisition of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company, and such acquisition completion, the Closing), pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among the Company, Endeavor Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of the Company (Manager), Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a subsidiary of Manager and indirect subsidiary of the Company (OpCo and, together with the Company and Manager, the Company Entities and each, a Company Entity), Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Executive Holdco), Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Executive II Holdco), Endeavor Executive PIU Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Executive Holdco and Executive II Holdco, the Executive Holdcos), Wildcat EGH Holdco, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Holdco Parent), Wildcat OpCo Holdco, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (OpCo Parent and, together with Holdco Parent, the Parent Entities and each, a Parent Entity), Wildcat PubCo Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco Parent (Company Merger Sub), Wildcat Manager Merger Sub, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company Merger Sub (Manager Merger Sub), and Wildcat OpCo Merger Sub, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of OpCo Parent (OpCo Merger Sub and, together with Manager Merger Sub and Company Merger Sub, the Merger Subs and each, a Merger Sub). 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (a) OpCo Merger Sub merged with and into OpCo, with OpCo surviving the merger, collectively owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, OpCo Parent, Manager and certain holders of equity interests in the Company and OpCo (each, a Rollover Holder) (the OpCo Merger), (b) immediately following the OpCo Merger, Manager Merger Sub merged with and into Manager, with Manager surviving the merger, wholly-owned by the Company (the Manager Merger), and (c) immediately following the Manager Merger, Company Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger, collectively owned, directly or indirectly, by Holdco Parent and certain Rollover Holders (the Company Merger and, together with the Manager Merger and the OpCo Merger, the Mergers and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, collectively, the Transactions). 

At the effective time of the Company Merger (the Effective Time), each share of the Companys common stock (Common Stock) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive $27.50 in cash (the Company Merger Consideration), without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes, other than with respect to the Excluded Shares, Rollover Shares and Appraisal Shares (each as defined below). 

The Excluded Shares are (i) (a) shares of Common Stock owned by the Company, Manager or OpCo or any of OpCos direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, (b) shares of Common Stock owned by the Merger Subs, the Parent Entities, any of Parent Entities direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, or any affiliate of the Parent Entities designated in writing by the Parent Entities to the Company at least two business days prior to the Effective Time, and (c) shares of Class X common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and Class Y common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. The Rollover Shares are certain shares of Common Stock held by Rollover Holders intended to remain outstanding. The Appraisal Shares are shares of Common Stock owned by stockholders of the Company who have validly demanded and not withdrawn appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). 

At the effective time of the Manager Merger (the Manager Merger Effective Time), each common unit of Manager (Manager Membership Interest) outstanding immediately prior to the Manager Merger Effective Time (subject to certain exceptions, including each Manager Membership Interest owned by the Company or the Manager immediately prior to the Manager Merger Effective Time) were automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive $27.50 in cash (the Manager Merger Consideration), without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes and certain deferrals to take into account certain terms of the existing Manager Membership Interests. 

At the effective time of the OpCo Merger (the OpCo Merger Effective Time), each common unit of OpCo (OpCo Membership Interest) outstanding immediately prior to the OpCo Merger Effective Time were automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive $27.50 in cash (the OpCo Merger Consideration), without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes and certain deferrals to take into account certain terms of the existing OpCo Membership Interests, other than with respect to the Excluded Units and the Rollover Units (each as defined below). 

The Excluded Units are OpCo Membership Interests owned by the Company, Manager, OpCo, any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of OpCo, the Parent Entities, or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Entities. The Rollover Units are certain equity interests in OpCo held by Rollover Holders intended to remain outstanding. 

In addition, at the OpCo Merger Effective Time, each profits unit of OpCo (OpCo Profits Unit) outstanding immediately prior to the OpCo Merger Effective Time (subject to certain exceptions, including Rollover Units) were automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive the OpCo Merger Consideration less the strike price of such OpCo Profits Unit in cash (the OpCo Profits Units Merger Consideration and, together with the OpCo Merger Consideration, the Manager Merger Consideration and the Company Merger Consideration, with respect to such applicable equity securities, the Merger Consideration), without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes and certain deferrals to take into account certain terms of the existing OpCo Profits Units. 

As a result of the Company Merger, each outstanding restricted stock unit subject to service-based vesting conditions (each, a Company RSU) or performance-based vesting conditions (each, a Company PSU), pursuant to which the holder has a right to receive shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock) (or cash in an amount determined by reference to the value thereof) following the vesting or lapse of restrictions applicable to such restricted stock unit, that had vested but was not yet settled as of the Effective Time was automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the Company Merger Consideration and (b) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Company RSU or Company PSU, subject to certain tax deductions or withholdings as a result of the Transactions. Each Company PSU that was unvested as of the Effective Time was automatically cancelled without any cash payment being made in respect thereof. 

In addition, at the Effective Time, each outstanding option to acquire Class A Common Stock (each, a Company Option) that had vested was automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest and subject to certain tax deductions or withholdings as a result of the Transactions, equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Company Option, multiplied by (b) the Company Merger Consideration less the exercise price per share of such Company Option, in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time. Any Company Option that was unvested at the Effective Time or that had an exercise price per share equal to or greater than the Company Merger Consideration was automatically cancelled without any cash payment being made in respect thereof. 

The Executive Committee of the Company determined that each outstanding Company RSU that was not yet vested as of the Effective Time (each, an Unvested Company RSU) and held by an employee was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU, multiplied by (b) the Company Merger Consideration, which cash amount will vest and become payable at the same time as the Unvested Company RSU would have vested and been payable pursuant to its terms, including the applicable employees continued employment, subject to certain tax deductions or withholdings. In addition, the Executive Committee of the Company determined that each Unvested Company RSU held by a non-employee independent director at the Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the Company Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Company RSU, payable immediately following the Closing. 

As a result of the Transactions, as of the Effective Time, Silver Lake and its affiliates beneficially own approximately 87% of the total voting securities of the Company. 

The Merger Agreement and the Transactions were previously described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on April 2, 2024. 

SD&T Asset Disposition 

In addition, on the Closing Date, WME IMG, LLC (WME IMG), an indirect controlled subsidiary of the Company, completed the previously announced disposition of OB US Parent LLC and IMG Arena US Parent, LLC to OB Global Holdings LLC, an entity affiliated with Ariel Emanuel and certain members of OpenBet management (the SD&T Asset Disposition), pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and among WME IMG, OB Global Holdings LLC, OB US Parent LLC and IMG Arena US Parent, LLC (IMG Arena) (the SD&T Transaction Agreement). 

The SD&T Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were previously described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 12, 2024. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

In connection with the Transactions, prior to the Closing, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 (the TRA Amendment) to the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021 (as amended, the Tax Receivable Agreement), by and among the Company and the other parties thereto. The TRA Amendment provides that transfers of equity interests in OpCo by parties to Tax Receivable Agreement for cash, undertaken in connection with the Transactions or transfers of Rollover Units after the closing of the Transactions, will be treated as covered exchanges under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the TRA Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the TRA Amendment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On the Closing Date, the Company repaid all loans and terminated all credit commitments outstanding under the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2014, by and among the WME IMG Holdings, LLC, WME IMG, William Morris Endeavor Entertainment, LLC, IMG Worldwide Holdings, LLC, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

In addition, on the Closing Date, the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement), by and among the Company and the stockholders party thereto and the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021 (the Stockholders Agreement), by and among the Company and the stockholders party thereto were each terminated by the requisite parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions, on March 24, 2025, the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) that the Transactions had closed and requested that the NYSE (a) suspend trading of the Class A Common Stock, (b) remove the Class A Common Stock from listing on the NYSE prior to the open of trading on March 24, 2025 and (c) file with the Commission a notification of delisting of the Class A Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). As a result, the Class A Common Stock will no longer be listed on the NYSE. Trading of the Class A Common Stock on the NYSE was halted prior to the opening of trading on the Closing Date. 

Additionally, the Company intends to file with the Commission certifications on Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting the deregistration of the Class A Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification of Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

In connection with the Transactions and at the Effective Time, subject to certain exceptions as described above, holders of Common Stock immediately prior to such time ceased to have any rights as stockholders in the Company (other than their right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement). 

Item 5.01. 

Change in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the consummation of the Company Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Company Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger, collectively owned, directly or indirectly, by Holdco Parent and certain Rollover Holders. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

Patrick Whitesell will become the CEO and Founder of a new platform in partnership with Silver Lake to invest in and scale properties and IP across sports, media, and entertainment. 

In connection with the Transactions, each of Fawn Weaver, Ursula Burns and Jacqueline Reses resigned from the board of directors of the Company (the Board) and the committees thereof on which they serve, effective as of the Effective Time. 

In connection with the Transactions, Karen King, John Suo and Mark Shapiro were appointed to the Board, effective as of the Effective Time. Ariel Emanuel, Egon Durban and Stephen Evans remained on the Board following the Effective Time. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note and Items 2.01 and 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws were each amended and restated in its entirety, and immediately 

thereafter, the Companys Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was again amended and restated in its entirety. The Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-Laws currently in effect are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 24, 2025, the Company and Silver Lake issued a joint press release announcing the closing of the Transactions. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

In addition, on March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the SD&T Asset Disposition. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information included under this Item 7.01 (including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive PIU Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Manager, LLC, Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, Wildcat EGH Holdco, L.P., Wildcat OpCo Holdco, L.P., Wildcat PubCo Merger Sub, Inc., Wildcat OpCo Merger Sub, L.L.C., Wildcat Manager Merger Sub L.L.C., Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC and Endeavor Executive PIU Holdco, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 3, 2024). 

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 

10.1* Transaction Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and among WME IMG, LLC, OB Global Holdings LLC, OB US Parent LLC and IMG Arena US Parent, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 12, 2024). 

10.2* Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 24, 2025, to the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021, by and among Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. and the Post-IPO TRA Holders. 

99.1 Joint Press Release of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. and Silver Lake, dated March 24, 2025. 

99.2 Press Release of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., dated March 24, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules (or similar attachments) upon request by the Commission. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ENDEAVOR GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jason Lublin

Name: Jason Lublin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d897469dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF

ENDEAVOR GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

* * * * * * 

1. The name of the
corporation is Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation). The date of the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was January 29, 2019 (the
Original COI). 

2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the A&R COI) fully
amended, integrated and restated in its entirety the Original COI and was duly adopted by consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (DGCL). The date of the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was April 28, 2021. 

3. The Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Second A&R COI) fully amended, integrated and
restated in its entirety the A&R COI and was duly adopted by unanimous written consent of the board of directors and written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141, 228, 242
and 245 of the DGCL and pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(a) of that that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among (i) Wildcat EGH Holdco, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership,
(ii) Wildcat OpCo Holdco, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, (iii) Wildcat OpCo Merger Sub, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, (iv) Wildcat Manager Merger Sub, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company,
(v) Wildcat PubCo Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, (vi) Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (vii) Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (viii) Endeavor
Executive PIU Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (ix) the Corporation, (x) Endeavor Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (xi) Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

4. This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Current Certificate) was duly adopted by
unanimous written consent of the board of directors and written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 141, 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL. 

5. Effective at 8:03 a.m. Eastern Time on the 24th day of March, 2025, the Second A&R COI (filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware on March 24, 2025) is hereby amended, integrated and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

The name of the corporation is Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation). 

ARTICLE II 

The address
of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, Zip Code 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

1 

ARTICLE III 

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the DGCL. 

ARTICLE IV 

1. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,200,000,000 shares,
consisting of (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of $0.00001 per share (the Preferred
Stock). 

2. The number of authorized shares of any class of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock may be increased or
decreased, in each case, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, irrespective of the
provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL, and no vote of the holders of any class of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock voting separately as a class will be required therefore. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, the
number of authorized shares of any particular class may not be decreased below the number of shares of such class then outstanding. 

ARTICLE V 

1.
Voting. Each share of Common Stock entitles the record holder thereof to one vote on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote, except that, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of shares of
each class of Common Stock, as such, will have no voting power with respect to, and will not be entitled to vote on, any amendment to this Current Certificate (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that
relates solely to the terms of any outstanding Preferred Stock if the holders of such Preferred Stock are entitled to vote as a separate class thereon under this Current Certificate (including any certificate of designations relating to any series
of Preferred Stock) or under the DGCL. Except as otherwise required in this Current Certificate or by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters (or, if any holders of Preferred Stock are entitled
to vote together with the holders of Common Stock, as a single class with the holders of Preferred Stock). 

2. Liquidation Rights.
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and of the preferential and other
amounts, if any, to which the holders of Preferred Stock are entitled, if any, the holders of all outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled to receive, pari passu, an amount per share equal to the par value thereof, and thereafter
the holders of all outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holders. 

3. Dividends. Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any
class or series of stock having a preference senior to or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends, dividends of cash or property may be declared and paid on the Common Stock out of the assets of the
Corporation that are by law available therefor, at the times and in the amounts as the Board in its discretion may determine. 

4.
Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series of any number of shares, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued and not retired of any and all such series shall not exceed the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock hereinabove authorized, and with such powers, including voting powers, if any, and the designations, preferences and relative, 

2 

participating, optional or other rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, all as shall hereafter be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions
providing for the designation and issue of such shares of Preferred Stock from time to time adopted by the Board, with the filing of such resolutions on one or more certificates of designation (each, a Preferred Stock
Designation). The powers, including voting powers, if any, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may
differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Subject to the rights of the stockholders of the Corporation that may be set forth in any written agreement between the Corporation, on the one hand, and one or more stockholders
of the Corporation (in their capacity as such), on the other hand (each as amended, modified, supplemented and/or restated and in effect from time to time) or any Preferred Stock Designation, the Board is also authorized to increase or decrease (but
not below the number of shares then outstanding) the authorized number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock subsequent to the issue of shares of such series. 

5. Reservation of Shares of Common Stock for Redemptions. The Corporation will at all times reserve and keep available out of its
authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purposes of effecting any exchanges pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 8.1 of the OpCo LLC Agreement, the number of shares of Common Stock that
are issuable in connection with the exchange of all outstanding Common Units as a result of any Redemption pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 8.1 of the OpCo LLC Agreement (without regard to any timing,
vesting or other restrictions on Redemption contained therein and assuming no Redemptions for cash). The Corporation covenants that all the shares of Common Stock that are issued upon any such redemption of such Common Units will, upon issuance, be
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

ARTICLE VI 

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

ARTICLE VII 

In
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. 

1. Voting for Directors. The holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote in the election of Directors. The number of Directors
shall be fixed as specified or provided for in the Shareholder Agreement. 

2. Action by Directors. In accordance with and as
permitted by Section 141(d) of the DGCL: 

(i) at any meeting of the Board or with respect to any written consent in lieu of such
meeting, each Director, other than any SL Designated Director (as defined below), shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote at such meeting or with respect to such written consent; and 

(ii) at any meeting of the Board or with respect to any written consent in lieu of such meeting, the SL Designated Directors then in office
shall each be entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the sum of (A) one, plus (B) the aggregate number of votes that all Directors then in office who are not SL Designated Directors are
entitled to cast at such meeting or with respect to such written consent, by (y) the number of SL Designated Directors then in office, rounded up to the nearest whole number. 

3 

Every reference in this Current Certificate or Bylaws to a majority or other proportion of Directors with
respect to the requisite vote for approval by Directors or the Board shall refer to a majority or other proportion, as applicable, of the votes entitled to be cast by such Directors. 

3. Amendment. Nothing in the provisions of this Current Certificate shall prohibit the Corporation from amending its Certificate of
Incorporation with the requisite approval or consent of its stockholders and the Board; provided, however, that any amendments to Article IX, Article X and clauses1 and 2 of this Article VII
shall require the written consent of the Majority Shareholder. The Board shall have the power to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal from time to time the Bylaws, subject to the right of the stockholders entitled to vote with respect thereto to
alter and repeal the Bylaws of this Corporation. 

4. Election of Directors. Elections of Directors need not be by written ballot
unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 

5. Books. The books of the Corporation may (subject to any statutory requirements) be kept at
such place or places or in such manner or manners within or without the State of Delaware as the Bylaws may provide or as may be designated from time to time by the Board. 

ARTICLE VIII 

The
Corporation eliminates the personal liability of each member of the Board to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided, however, that, to the extent provided by
applicable law, the foregoing shall not eliminate the liability of a Director (i) for any breach of such Directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL or (iv) for any transaction from which such Director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action
further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a Director shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. No amendment to or repeal or elimination of this
provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any Director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such Director occurring prior to such amendment, repeal or elimination. 

ARTICLE IX 

1. To the
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law
permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), the Corporation shall indemnify, and advance Indemnified Liabilities to, any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director (including any director serving as a member of any prior alternate governing body of the
Corporation created pursuant to Section 141(a) of the DGCL) or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (each, an Indemnitee and collectively, the Indemnitees), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity
as a director (including any director serving as a member of any prior alternate governing body of the Corporation created pursuant to Section 141(a) of the DGCL), officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director,
officer, employee, agent or trustee, from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection therewith. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, other than an action
against the Corporation brought by an Indemnitee to enforce his or her rights under this Article IX, the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify or advance Indemnified Liabilities to any person in connection with a proceeding (or part
thereof) commenced by such person if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) was not authorized by the Board. 

4 

2. The indemnification and advancement of Indemnified Liabilities provided by, or granted
pursuant to, this Article IX shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities may be entitled under any by-law,
agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. 

3. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Corporation shall pay the Indemnified Liabilities incurred by an Indemnitee in
defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of Indemnified Liabilities in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon
receipt of an undertaking by the Indemnitee to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. 

4. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities under this Article IX is not paid in full within thirty
(30) days after a written claim therefor by the Indemnitee has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnitee may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the
expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities under applicable law. In
(i) any suit brought by an Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by an Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of Indemnified Liabilities) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any
suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of Indemnified Liabilities pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such Indemnified Liabilities upon a final adjudication that, such person has
not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including by members of the Board who are not parties to such action, a committee of such members, independent legal counsel, or its
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an
actual determination by the Corporation (including by members of the Board who are not parties to such action, a committee of such members, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of
conduct, shall create a presumption that such person has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. 

5. The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance to protect itself and any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation, or while a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to
indemnify him or her against such liability under the DGCL or the provisions of this Article IX. 

6. The indemnification and
advancement of Indemnified Liabilities provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of
such officer or director. The indemnification and advancement of Indemnified Liabilities that may have been provided to an employee or agent of the 

5 

Corporation by action of the Board, pursuant to the last paragraph of this Article IX, shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased
to be an employee or agent of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person, after the time such person has ceased to be an employee or agent of the Corporation, only on such terms and
conditions and to the extent determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

7. Given that certain claims may be jointly indemnifiable
(Jointly Indemnifiable Claims) by the Corporation, its Controlled Entities (as defined below) or Indemnitee-Related Entities (as defined below) in respect of the service of Indemnitee as a director (including any director serving
as a member of any prior alternate governing body of the Corporation created pursuant to Section 141(a) of the DGCL) and/or executive officer of the Corporation and/or a director, executive officer, employee, consultant, fiduciary or agent of
other corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, joint ventures, trusts, employee benefit plans or other enterprises controlled by the Corporation (the Controlled Entities), or by reason of any action alleged to have
been taken or omitted in any such capacity, the Corporation acknowledges and agrees that the Corporation shall, and to the extent applicable shall cause the Controlled Entities to, be fully and primarily responsible for the payment to the Indemnitee
in respect of indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities in connection with any such Jointly Indemnifiable Claim, pursuant to and in accordance with (as applicable) the terms of (i) the DGCL, (ii) this Current Certificate or
any bylaws or (iii) any other agreement between the Corporation or any Controlled Entity and the Indemnitee pursuant to which the Indemnitee is indemnified, (iv) the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of any
Controlled Entity and/or (v) the certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization, bylaws, partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other organizational or governing
documents of any Controlled Entity ((i) through (v) collectively, the Indemnification Sources), irrespective of any right of recovery the Indemnitee may have from the Indemnitee-Related Entities. Under no circumstance shall
the Corporation or any Controlled Entity be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the Indemnitee-Related Entities and no right of advancement or recovery the Indemnitee may have from the Indemnitee-Related Entities shall reduce or
otherwise alter the rights of the Indemnitee or the obligations of the Corporation or any Controlled Entity under the Indemnification Sources. In the event that any of the Indemnitee-Related Entities shall make any payment to the Indemnitee in
respect of indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities with respect to any Jointly Indemnifiable Claim, (i) the Corporation shall, and to the extent applicable shall cause the Controlled Entities to, reimburse the
Indemnitee-Related Entity making such payment to the extent of such payment promptly upon written demand from such Indemnitee-Related Entity, (ii) to the extent not previously and fully reimbursed by the Corporation and/or any Controlled Entity
pursuant to clause (i), the Indemnitee-Related Entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of the outstanding balance of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee against the Corporation and/or any Controlled
Entity or under any insurance policy, as applicable, and (iii) the Indemnitee and the Corporation and, as applicable, any Controlled Entity shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may be reasonably necessary to
secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the Indemnitee-Related Entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. The Corporation and the Indemnitee agree that each of the
Indemnitee-Related Entities shall be third-party beneficiaries with respect to this paragraph of Article IX. 

8. Any amendment or
repeal of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee or its successors in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment or repeal. 

9. This Article IX shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and
to advance Indemnified Liabilities to persons other than Indemnitees when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 

6 

ARTICLE X 

1. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) each Majority Shareholder, (ii) any Person of which a Majority Shareholder
is a current or former equityholder, controlling Person, officer, director, manager, shareholder, general or limited partner, investor, member, employee, representative or agent, (iii) any Affiliate, current or former equityholder, controlling
Person, officer, director, manager, shareholder, general or limited partner, member, employee, representative or agent of any of the foregoing, in each case in clauses (i) and (ii) whether or not such Person continues to have the
applicable status referred to in such clauses and (iv) the directors of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries appointed by any of the Majority Shareholders or any of the Rollover Investors (collectively, the Covered
Persons): 

(i) have the right to, and shall have no duty (fiduciary, contractual or otherwise) not to, directly or indirectly
engage in and possess interests in other business ventures of every type and description, including those engaged in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or deemed to be competing
with the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, on its own account, or in partnership with, or as an employee, officer, director or shareholder of, any other person, with no obligation to offer to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or any
stockholder of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries the right to participate therein; 

(ii) may invest in, or provide services to,
any person that directly or indirectly competes with the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries; and 

(iii) shall have no duty (fiduciary,
contractual or otherwise) to communicate or present any knowledge of a potential transaction or matter that may be a corporate or other business opportunity for the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
or any stockholder of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, and, notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, shall not be liable to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or any stockholder of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
(or their respective Affiliates) for breach of any duty (fiduciary, contractual or otherwise) by reason of the fact that such person, directly or indirectly, pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another person
or does not present such opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or any stockholder of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (or their respective Affiliates). 

2. For the avoidance of doubt, this Article X is intended to disclaim and renounce, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and subject to the provisions of Article X, any right of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the matters set forth herein, and this Article X shall be construed to effect such disclaimer and renunciation to the
fullest extent permitted by law. 

ARTICLE XI 

For purposes of this Current Certificate: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any person, any other person that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with such person. The term control means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. The term controlled has meaning correlative to the foregoing. 

Board means the Board of
Directors of the Corporation. 

7 

Bylaws means the Bylaws of the Corporation. 

Director means a director on the Board. 

Indemnified Liabilities means all claims, losses, liabilities, expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements),
damages, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement. 

Indemnitee-Related Entities means any company, corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Corporation, any Controlled Entity or the insurer under and pursuant to an insurance policy of the Corporation or any Controlled
Entity) from whom an Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Liabilities with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Corporation or any Controlled Entity may also have an indemnification or advancement
obligation. 

Majority Shareholders means, collectively, the SL Shareholders together with their respective Affiliates,
transferees and successors and assigns. 

OpCo LLC Agreement means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, dated as of March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). 

Person means a natural person, partnership (whether general or limited), limited liability company, trust, estate,
association, corporation, or any other legal entity. 

Rollover Investors is defined in the Governance Agreement, dated
as of March 24, 2025, among the Corporation, Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and certain other parties thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), together with
their respective transferees and successors and assigns. 

Shareholder Agreement means that certain Shareholder
Agreement of the Corporation, dated on or around the date hereof, among the Corporation, each Majority Shareholder and certain of the Corporations other stockholders, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. 

SL Designated Director means a Director that is a member or employee of Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. or one of its successor
entities or investment fund or management company affiliates. 

SL Shareholders is defined in the Shareholder Agreement.

Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity of which the Corporation and/or any of its other
subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns at the time a majority of the voting power of the outstanding equity securities of such corporation, partnership, trust or other entity. 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Third Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation to be signed by its officer as of March 24, 2025. 

ENDEAVOR GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Jason Lublin

Jason Lublin

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d897469dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

ENDEAVOR GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

Incorporated under the Laws of the 

State of Delaware 

AMENDED AND
RESTATED BYLAWS 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Endeavor Group Holdings,
Inc. (the Corporation) shall maintain a registered office in the State of Delaware, as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as amended and/or amended and restated from time to time, the
Certificate of Incorporation). The Corporation may also have other offices at such places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate or the business of the
Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1.
Annual Meeting. If required by applicable Law, the annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any other business as may properly come before such meeting shall be held on such date,
at such time and place as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, and set forth in the notice of such meeting. At the annual meeting any business may be transacted and any corporate action may be taken, whether stated in the
notice of meeting or not, except as otherwise expressly provided by Law or in the Certificate of Incorporation, including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock (each hereinafter referred to as a Preferred
Stock Designation). 

Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders for any
purpose may be called at any time by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Special meetings shall be held at such place or places
within or without the State of Delaware as shall from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of such meeting. Only if so determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, a meeting of stockholders
may be held not at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication, as provided by Law. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to the purpose(s) stated in the notice, except as may otherwise be
provided by Law or in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation). 

Section 3.
Notice of Meeting. Notice of the date, time and place of any stockholders meeting (and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called), whether annual or
special, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat not less than ten (10) nor more than fifty (50) days prior to the date of such meeting, in the manner prescribed by Law. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given
other than by announcement at the meeting so adjourned, unless otherwise ordered in connection with such adjournment. Such further notice, if any, shall be given as may be required by Law. 

Section 4. Waiver of Notice. Notice of meeting need not be given to any stockholder who
submits a signed waiver of notice, in person or represented by proxy, whether before or after the meeting. The attendance of any stockholder at a meeting, in person or represented by proxy, without protesting prior to the conclusion of the meeting
the lack of notice of such meeting, shall constitute a waiver of notice by such stockholder. 

Section 5. Quorum. Any number of stockholders, who are entitled to vote, who
hold shares of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation representing at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting of stockholders and who shall be present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting duly
called shall constitute a quorum for all purposes except as may otherwise be provided by Law or in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation). 

Section 6. Adjournment of Meeting. Whether or not a quorum is present, a meeting may be
adjourned from time to time by the chairman of the meeting or by the affirmative vote of the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereat holding shares representing at least a majority of the votes so present
or represented and entitled to be cast (a Majority Vote), without notice other than by announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall attend. Any meeting at which a quorum is present may also be adjourned in like manner and for
such time or upon such call as may be determined by a Majority Vote. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted and any corporate action may be taken which might have been transacted at the meeting as
originally called. When a quorum is once present, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal or departure of any stockholder. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Section 7. Voting. Each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting
may vote either in person or by proxy duly appointed. Except as may otherwise be provided by Law or in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), each stockholder of a class or series of stock other than Common
Stock shall on each matter submitted to a vote at each meeting of the stockholders, be entitled to such number of votes for each share of such stock as may be fixed in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), and
each stockholder of Common Stock shall on each matter submitted to a vote at each meeting of the stockholders, be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock, in each case, for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has voting
power upon the matter in question, registered in their name on the books of the Corporation on the date fixed as a record date for the determination of its stockholders entitled to vote, as hereinafter provided. At all meetings of stockholders all
matters, except as may otherwise be provided by Law, in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, shall be determined by a Majority Vote. Where a separate vote by class is
required, a majority of the votes represented by the shares of the stockholders of such class present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to be cast thereon shall be the act of such class. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of
the shareholder executing it, except in those cases where an irrevocable proxy is permitted by Law. 

Unless required by Law or the
Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), or determined by the chairman of the meeting to be advisable, the vote on any question need not be by ballot. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall state the number of shares
voted. 

Section 8.
Action by Stockholders Without a Meeting. Whenever, under the Law, stockholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action
may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, upon consent in writing or by electronic transmission, setting forth the action so taken, signed by a majority of the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon. 

Section 9. List of Shareholders. The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the
Corporation shall prepare and make a list of the shareholders entitled to vote at each meeting of shareholders, and make such list available for examination, in the manner prescribed by Law. 

Section 10. Inspectors. The Board may, or if required by Law shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at meeting of
shareholders or any adjournment thereof, in the manner, and with the powers, duties and obligations, prescribed or permitted by Law. 

3 

Section 11. Organization. At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the
Board shall be the chairman of the meeting or, in the case of vacancy in office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, a chairman designated by the Majority Shareholders. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

Section 1. Number and Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall not be less than one
(1) director and shall consist of such number of directors as may be fixed from time to time in accordance with Section 2(a) of the Governance Agreement. Any decrease in the number of directors shall be effective at the time of the next
succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders unless there shall be vacancies in the Board of Directors in which case such decrease may become effective at any time prior to the next succeeding annual meeting to the extent of the number of such
vacancies. All directors shall be at least eighteen years of age. The directors need not be stockholders. 

Section 2.
Responsibilities. The general management of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in the Board of Directors, which may delegate to officers, employees and to committees of one (1) or more directors such powers and duties as it
may from time to time see fit, subject to the limitations hereinafter set forth and the Governance Agreement and except as may otherwise be provided by Law. 

Section 3. Election and Term of Office. Except as may
otherwise be provided by Law, in the Governance Agreement or in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the directors shall be elected at each meeting of the shareholders for the election of directors at which a
quorum is present by a plurality of the votes cast at such election. If the election of directors shall not be held on the day designated by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the directors shall cause the same to be held as soon thereafter as may
be convenient. The directors chosen at any annual meeting shall hold office until the next annual election and until the election and qualification of their successors, except as may otherwise be provided in the Governance Agreement. 

Section 4. Removal and Resignation of Directors.
Except as may otherwise be provided in the Governance Agreement, any director may be removed from the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, with or without cause, by a Majority Vote at any special meeting of the stockholders called for that
purpose, and the office of such director shall forthwith become vacant. Any director may resign as a director or from membership in any committee of the Board of Directors at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing or by electronic
transmission and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by an officer of the Corporation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Section 5. Filling of Vacancies. Except as may otherwise be provided in the Governance
Agreement, any vacancy among the directors, occurring from any cause whatsoever, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, provided, however, that the stockholders removing any director may at the same
meeting fill the vacancy caused by such removal, and further provided, that if the directors fail to fill any such vacancy, the stockholders may fill such vacancy at the next annual meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose. Except
as otherwise provided in the Governance Agreement, in case of any increase in the number of directors, the additional directors may be elected by the vote of a majority of the directors in office prior to such increase. Except as otherwise provided
in the Governance Agreement, any person elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office, subject to the right of removal as herein before provided, until the next annual election and until the election and qualification of his or her successor. 

4 

Section 6. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of
Directors shall be held quarterly or on a more frequent basis, at times and at locations determined by the Chairman of the Board. 

Section 7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called in accordance with
Section 2(c) of the Governance Agreement. 

Section 8.
Notice and Place of Meetings. Regularly scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors may be held with at least five (5) Business Days prior notice, at such
time, date and place, within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time decide. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by at least twenty-four (24)
hours advanced written notice designating the time, date, place and purpose thereof, by the Chairman of the Board or the directors then on the Board of Directors comprising a majority of the votes. Notice of meeting need not be given to any Director
who submits a waiver of notice before or after the meeting, nor to any director who attends the meeting without protesting, at the beginning thereof, the lack of notice. Except as otherwise specifically required by Law, these Amended and Restated
Bylaws or the Governance Agreement, a notice or waiver of notice of any regular or special meeting need not state the purposes of such meeting. 

Section 9. Business Transacted at Meetings. Except as may be otherwise
specifically provided by Law, in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), these Amended and Restated Bylaws or in the Governance Agreement, any business may be transacted and any corporate action may be taken at
any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof at which a quorum shall be present, whether such business or proposed action be stated in the notice of such meeting or not, unless special notice of such business or
proposed action shall be required by Law. 

Section 10. Quorum and Manner of Acting. Except as may be otherwise specifically
provided by Law, at all meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (i) a quorum shall be established in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Governance Agreement and (ii) the manner of acting and voting shall be
undertaken in accordance with Section 3(a) of the Governance Agreement. The directors shall act only as a Board and the individual directors shall have no power as such unless expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or any duly
constituted committee of the Board of Directors. 

Section 11.
Action Without a Meeting. Subject to the Governance Agreement and these Amended and Restated Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors or any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or the committee consent in writing or by electronic transmission to the adoption of a resolution authorizing the action. The resolution and the consents
thereto in writing or by electronic transmission by the members of the Board of Directors or committee shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or committee. 

Section 12. Participation by Telephone. Any one or more members of the Board of Directors or
any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other. Participation
by such means shall constitute the presence of the person at the meeting. 

Section 13. Compensation. Subject to the Governance
Agreement and these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Board of Directors may establish by resolution reasonable compensation for directors for services to the Corporation as a director, committee member or chairman of any committee and for attendance
at each meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof. Nothing herein contained shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity, as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 

5 

ARTICLE IV 

COMMITTEES 

Section 1.
Committees. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, the Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, which committees shall, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors establishing
such a committee, have all authority and may exercise all the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation to the extent lawful under the Law. 

Section 2. Resignation. Any member of a committee may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing or by
electronic transmission and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board, or if none, the Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective unless so specified therein. 

Section 3. Record of Proceedings. Each
committee shall keep a record of its acts and proceedings, and shall report the same to the Board of Directors when and as required by the Board of Directors. 

Section 4. Compensation. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, the members of any committee shall be
entitled to such compensation as may be allowed them by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE V 

OFFICERS 

Section 1.
Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer and such other officers with such titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, all of whom shall be chosen by and shall
serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors or committee appointing them. 

Section 2. Election, Term of Office and Qualifications. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance
Agreement, the officers shall be chosen by the Board of Directors. Each such officer shall, except as herein otherwise provided, hold office until the selection and qualification of his or her successor. Any two or more offices may be held by the
same person, except the office of Secretary or as otherwise prohibited by Law. 

Section 3.
Removal of Officers. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, any officer of the Corporation may be removed from office, with or without cause, by a vote of a majority of the Board
of Directors. 

Section 4. Resignation. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be in
writing or by electronic transmission and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by an officer of the Corporation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary in order to
make it effective. 

Section 5. Filling of Vacancies. Subject to the terms and conditions
of the Governance Agreement, a vacancy in any office shall be filled by the Board of Directors. 

6 

Section 6. Compensation. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance
Agreement, the compensation of the officers shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or by any officer(s) or committee to whom such authority may be delegated by the Board of Directors. 

Section 7.
Chairman of the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Chairman of the Board shall be appointed by the
Majority Shareholders. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, the Chairman shall retain such title of the Board of Directors until such time as he or she resigns or is replaced as Chairman. The Chairman shall preside at all
meetings of the Board of Directors at which he or she is present, subject to the ultimate authority of the Majority Shareholders to appoint an alternate presiding person at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which the Chairman of the Board, as
applicable, is not present. 

Section 8. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer the Corporation shall, subject to
the provisions of these by-laws and the control of the Board of Directors, have general and active management, direction, and supervision over the business of the Corporation and over its officers. He shall
perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or as may be provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and shall, in the absence of the
Chairman of the Board, perform and carry out the functions of the Chairman of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer shall designate the person or persons who shall exercise his powers and perform his duties in his absence or disability. 

Section 9. Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the stockholders and record all
votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform like duties for any committee appointed by the Board of Directors. The Secretary shall give or cause to be given notice of all meetings of stockholders
and special meetings of the Board of Directors and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors. The Secretary shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation and affix it to any instrument when so authorized
by the Board of Directors and may attest the affixing by his or her signature. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. 

Section 10. Assistant Secretary. Any Assistant Secretary shall be empowered and authorized to perform all of
the duties of the Secretary in the absence of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Secretary or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

Section 11. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall cause to be kept full
and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all monies and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by persons
authorized by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to each President and the Directors at the
regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may require it, an account of all of the transactions effected by the Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer may be required to give bond for the
faithful discharge of his or her duties. He or she shall generally perform all duties appertaining to the office of treasurer of a corporation and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may be prescribed by the Board of
Directors or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

Section 12. Assistant Treasurer. Any Assistant Treasurer
shall be empowered and authorized to perform all the duties of the Treasurer in the absence of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer or these
Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

7 

Section 13. Other Officers. The Board of Directors may designate such other
officers having such duties and powers as it may specify from time to time. 

ARTICLE VI 

CAPITAL STOCK 

Section 1.
Shares with Certificates. The shares of the Corporation shall be uncertificated unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such
certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by any two authorized officers of the Corporation (it being
understood that each of the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary and any Assistant Secretary shall be an authorized officer for such purpose), certifying the number of shares
owned by such holder in the Corporation. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. 

Section 2. Transfer of Shares. Shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock may only be
Transferred in accordance with the Shareholders Agreement and the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), as applicable. Subject to Law, the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation),
the Governance Agreement and these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the issue, transfer, conversion and registration of shares represented by certificates and of uncertificated shares shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors
may establish. 

Section 3.
Lost, Destroyed and Mutilated Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore
issued by it and alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representatives, to advertise the same in such manner as
the Board of Directors shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum not exceeding twice the value of the stock and with such surety or sureties as they may require, to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it by
reason of the issue of such new certificate or uncertificated shares and against all other liabilities arising therefrom, or may remit such owner to such remedy or remedies as such owner may have under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE VII 

DIVIDENDS AND SURPLUS

The Board of Directors shall have power to fix and vary the amount to be set aside or reserved as working capital of the Corporation, or
as reserves, or for other proper purposes of the Corporation, and, subject to the requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and the Governance Agreement, to determine whether any part of the surplus
or net profits of the Corporation shall be declared in dividends and paid to the stockholders, and to fix the date or dates for the payment of dividends. Dividends may be paid in cash, property or shares of capital stock. 

8 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31st day of December in each year,
unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise determine. 

Section 2. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal
shall be in such form as approved by the Board of Directors and may be altered at their pleasure. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or reproduced by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary.

Section 3. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any notice required by these Amended and Restated Bylaws
to be given shall be sufficient if given by depositing the same in a post-office or letter box in a sealed wrapper with a first-class postage prepaid stamp thereon and addressed to the person entitled thereto at such persons business or home
address, as the same appears upon the books of the Corporation, or by telephoning, telegraphing, faxing or cabling the same to such person at such address; and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time it is mailed, telegraphed, faxed or
cabled. 

Section 4. Waiver of Notice. Any stockholder or director may at any time, by
writing, by telegraph, by fax, by cable or by electronic transmission, waive any notice required to be given under these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and if any stockholder or director shall be present at any meeting, his presence shall constitute a
waiver of such notice for such meeting, unless he protests his lack of notice by the end of the meeting. 

Section 5.
Contracts, Checks, Drafts. Except as may otherwise be provided by Law, in the Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation), in the Governance Agreement or these Amended and
Restated Bylaws, any contracts, promissory notes, bonds or other certificates or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, checks, drafts, bills of exchange or other orders for the payment of money out of the funds of the Corporation or other
instruments may be executed and delivered in the name and on behalf of the Corporation by such persons as the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof may from time to time direct or as may be designated by any officer or officers
of the Corporation to whom such power of designation may from time to time be delegated by the Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board of Directors or such officer may determine. Unless
authorized by the Board of Directors or expressly permitted by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, any officer or agent or employee shall not have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or
to render it pecuniarily liable for any purpose or to any amount. 

Section 6. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation shall be
deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such bank or banks, trust companies or other depositories as persons authorized by the Board of Directors may select, and, for the purpose of such deposit, checks, drafts, and other
orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation, may be endorsed for deposit, assigned and delivered by any officer of the Corporation, or by such agents of the Corporation, or by such person as the Board of
Directors may authorize for that purpose. 

Section 7.
Voting Stock of Subsidiary Corporations. Subject to the Governance Agreement, powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meetings, consents and other
instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board or the Secretary (or comparable officer). Any such officer may, subject to the Governance
Agreement, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as the officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation, company, partnership or other entity in which the
Corporation may own securities, or to execute written 

9 

consents in lieu thereof. Subject to the Governance Agreement, at any such meeting, or in giving any such consent, the officer shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers
incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or
persons. 

Section 8.
Cessation of Officership and Directorship. The authority granted by name to any individual shall immediately cease in the event that such individual ceases to be an
officer or director of the Corporation or an affiliate thereof, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors. 

Section 9.
Conflict. In the event of any inconsistency, conflict or ambiguity between the terms of these Amended and Restated Bylaws and the terms of the Governance Agreement, the terms of the Governance Agreement shall control. 

Section 10. Definitions. As used in these Amended and Restated Bylaws; the term (i) Affiliate means, with
respect to any person, any other person that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such person. The term control means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person,
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. The term controlled has meaning correlative to the foregoing, (ii) Board of Directors means the Board of Directors
of the Corporation, (iii) Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks are authorized by law to be closed in any of New York, New York and Menlo Park, California, (iv) Emanuel
Director means Ari Emanuel, (v) Governance Agreement means that certain governance agreement dated as of March 24, 2025, by and between the Corporation, affiliates of the SL Shareholders, the Whitesell Director, the
Emanuel Director and the other parties signatory thereto (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), (vi) Law means the Delaware General Corporation Law and any other applicable law, rule
or regulation and, to the extent binding on the Corporation, the constitutions, rules and regulations of any exchange on which securities of the Corporation are listed, or of which the Corporation is a member, or of any self-regulatory organization
having jurisdiction or authority over the Corporation, (vii) Majority Shareholders means, collectively, the SL Shareholders together with their respective Affiliates, transferees and successors and assigns, (viii) SL
Shareholders means those stockholders of the Corporation from time to time, affiliated with the Silver Lake Group, L.L.C., (ix) SL Director means a director that is a member or employee of Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. or
one of its successor entities or investment fund or management company affiliates and (x) Whitesell Director means Patrick Whitesell. 

ARTICLE IX 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 1. Nature of Indemnity. Except as may be otherwise specifically provided by Law or in the Certificate of Incorporation
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (a Proceeding),
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Corporation
as a director or officer, of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, and may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to such an action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was or has agreed to become an employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the
Corporation as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
him or her or on his or her behalf 

10 

in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; except that in the case of an action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a
judgment in its favor (1) such indemnification shall be limited to expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in the defense or settlement of such action or suit, and (2) no indemnification
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was
brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery
or such other court shall deem proper. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to Section 5 of this Article IX, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify a director or officer of the Corporation in respect of a Proceeding (or part
thereof) instituted by such director or officer, unless such Proceeding (or part thereof) has been authorized by the Board of Directors. 

The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 

Section 2. Successful Defense. To
the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 1 of this Article IX or in defense of any claim, issue
or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. 

Section 3. Determination that Indemnification is Proper. Any indemnification of a present or former director or officer of the
Corporation under Section 1 of this Article IX (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation unless a determination is made that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is not proper in the circumstances
because he or she has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 of this Article IX. Any indemnification of a present or former employee or agent of the Corporation under Section 1 of this Article IX (unless ordered
by a court) may be made by the Corporation upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1
of this Article IX. Any such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding,
even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. 

Section 4. Advance Payment of Expenses. Expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit
or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article IX.
Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. The Board of Directors may authorize
the Corporations counsel to represent such director, officer, employee or agent in any action, suit or proceeding, whether or not the Corporation is a party to such action, suit or proceeding. 

11 

Section 5. Procedure for Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Any
indemnification of a director or officer of the Corporation under Sections 1 and 2 of this Article IX, or advance of costs, charges and expenses to a director or officer under Section 4 of this Article IX, shall be made promptly, and in any
event within thirty (30) days, upon the written request of the director or officer. If a determination by the Corporation that the director or officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article IX is required, and the Corporation
fails to respond within sixty (60) days to a written request for indemnity, the Corporation shall be deemed to have approved such request. If the Corporation denies a written request for indemnity or advancement of expenses, in whole or in
part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request is not made within thirty (30) days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article IX shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of competent
jurisdiction. Such persons costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It shall be a
defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for the advance of costs, charges and expenses under Section 4 of this Article IX where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by the Corporation) that the
claimant has not met the standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 of this Article IX, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its
independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in Section 1 of this Article IX, nor the fact that there has been an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such
applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

Section 6. Survival; Preservation of Other Rights. The foregoing indemnification provisions shall be deemed to be a contract
between the Corporation and each director, officer, employee and agent who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions as well as the relevant provisions of the Law are in effect and any repeal or modification thereof shall not
affect any right or obligation then existing with respect to any state of facts then or previously existing or any action, suit or proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts. Such
a contract right may not be modified retroactively without the consent of such director, officer, employee or agent. 

The
indemnification provided by this Article IX shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in
such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors
and administrators of such a person. 

Section 7. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of
any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person or on such persons behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to
indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Article IX, provided that such insurance is available on acceptable terms, which, subject to the Governance Agreement, the determination shall be made by a vote of a
majority of the entire Board of Directors. 

12 

Section 8. Severability. If this Article IX or any portion hereof shall be
invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director or officer and may indemnify each employee or agent of the Corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the
fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article IX that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, these Amended and Restated Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, in
whole or in part, or new bylaws may be adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the aggregate number of votes of all members then on the Board of Directors. 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d897469dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (this Amendment No. 1), effective as of March 23,
2025, entered into by and among Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation) and the other parties set forth on the signature pages hereto, amends the Tax Receivable Agreement (as may be amended, modified or restated from time
to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, the Agreement), dated as of April 28, 2021, by and among the Corporation, Endeavor Manager, LLC, Endeavor Operating Company, LLC (the LLC) and the
other parties thereto. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement. The Corporation and the other parties hereto are referred to herein collectively as the Parties
and each individually as a Party. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Corporation and the other Parties have entered into the Agreement; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 7.6(b) of the Agreement, the Agreement may be amended with the written approval of
(i) the governing body of the Corporation (the Governing Body) (or any Person(s) to whom the Governing Body has delegated such authority) and (ii) the undersigned Parties other than the Corporation, constituting the TRA
Parties who collectively would be entitled to receive at least a majority of any Early Termination Payments that would have been hypothetically payable to all TRA Parties (assuming all equity interests in the LLC that have redemption rights under
the LLC Agreement are redeemed and exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock at such time and using the Valuation Assumptions); and 

WHEREAS, the requisite parties desire to amend the Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment No. 1. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Amendment to Section 1.1. Section 1.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended
by:

1.1 Deleting the definitions of Change of Control,
Exchange, Executive Director, Governing Body, LIBOR, Market Value, and Pre-Exchange Transfer and inserting in lieu thereof the following
defined terms: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events or series of related events
after the date hereof: (a) any Person, or group of Persons acting together which would constitute a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act (as defined in the LLC Agreement), or any successor provisions thereto,
is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporations then-outstanding voting securities; (b) there is consummated a merger
or consolidation of the Corporation with any 

other Person or Persons, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not
continue to represent or are not converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of
Control shall not be deemed to have occurred (i) by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately
prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares or equity of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions or (ii) by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of transactions, immediately following which, the Corporation and one or more
other entities (the Other Constituent Companies) shall have become separate wholly-owned Subsidiaries of a holding company, and the record holders of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of
transactions, together with the record holders of the outstanding equity interests in the Other Constituent Companies immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions, shall have become the equityholders of the new holding company in
exchange for their respective equity interests in the Corporation and the Other Constituent Companies, and such transaction or transactions would not otherwise constitute a Change of Control assuming references to the Corporation are
references to such holding company or (iii) at any time that the Executive Directors (as defined in the Corporations certificate of incorporation in effect immediately prior to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement), any
permitted transferee pursuant to Section 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement, the SL Members and their Related Persons (each as defined in the LLC Agreement), collectively, continue to beneficially own (or have the right to vote), directly or
indirectly, securities of the Corporation representing more than 35% of the combined voting power of the Corporations then-outstanding voting securities and no other Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that does not include the Executive Directors, any permitted transferee pursuant to 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement, the SL Members and their Related Persons, beneficially owns (or has the right to vote), directly or
indirectly, securities of the Corporation representing a greater percentage of the combined voting power of the Corporations then-outstanding voting securities than that then beneficially owned by the Executive Directors, any permitted
transferee pursuant to 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement, the SL Member and its Related Persons. 

Exchange means (i) any
Direct Exchange or Redemption (including for this purpose any Direct Exchange or Redemption undertaken pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement in effect from the date of this Agreement through the closing of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement), (ii) any sales of Units (and/or Zuffa Interests) made on the date of this Agreement by the TRA Parties to the Corporation in exchange for cash, (iii) any acquisition of Units by the Corporation in exchange for cash on the
closing date of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, as provided for in Sections 3.03(a) or (b) of the Merger Agreement), and (iv) any
acquisition of Rollover Units (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or Common Units (as defined in the LLC Agreement) that had previously been Profits Units (as defined in the LLC Agreement) after the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement).

2 

Executive Director has the meaning set forth in the Corporations
certificate of incorporation in effect immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Governing Body has the meaning set forth in the Corporations certificate of incorporation (as amended). Following the
closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Governing Body shall mean the Corporation Board (as defined in the LLC Agreement). 

LIBOR means during any period, the rate which appears on the Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or on such other substitute Bloomberg
page that displays rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market), or the rate which is quoted by another source selected by the Corporation as an authorized information vendor for the
purpose of displaying rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market (an Alternate Source), at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the first
day of such period as the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollars having a borrowing date and a maturity comparable to such period (or if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any substitute page)
or any LIBOR Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Corporation at such time, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error); provided, that at no time shall LIBOR be less than 0%. 

Market Value means Fair Market Value, as defined in the LLC Agreement, determined as of an Early Termination Date (treating
such Early Termination Date as a Redemption Date). 

Pre-Exchange Transfer means
any transfer of one or more Units (including upon the death of a Member) (i) that occurs after the IPO but prior to an Exchange of such Units and (ii) to which Section 743(b) of the Code applies. 

1.2 Inserting the following defined term as a new defined term: 

Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among the
Corporation, Endeavor Manager, the LLC and certain other parties thereto. 

Section 2. Amendment to
Section 7.6(a). Section 7.6(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following: 

(a) Assignment. 

(i) No TRA Party may assign, sell, pledge, or otherwise alienate or transfer any interest in this Agreement, including the
right to receive any Tax Benefit 

3 

Payments under this Agreement, to any Person (other than a Permitted Transferee) without (i) the prior written consent of the Governing Body (or any Person(s) to whom the Governing Body has
delegated such authority) (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and (ii) such Person executing and delivering a Joinder agreeing to succeed to the applicable portion of such TRA Partys interest in this Agreement and to become a
Party for all purposes of this Agreement (the Joinder Requirement); provided, however, that such consent shall not be required in the case of (x) Permitted Transfers of Units or (y) a pledge, assignment or similar
transfer to a debt financing source reasonably acceptable to the Governing Body for the purpose of creating a security interest herein or otherwise assigning collateral. For the avoidance of doubt, if a TRA Party transfers Units in accordance with
the terms of the LLC Agreement but does not assign to the transferee of such Units its rights under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Units, such TRA Party shall continue to be entitled to receive the Tax Benefit Payments arising in
respect of a subsequent Exchange of such Units (and any such transferred Units shall be separately identified, so as to facilitate the determination of Tax Benefit Payments hereunder). The Corporation may not assign any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement to any Person (other than any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Corporation) without the prior written consent of
each of the Representative and the SL Representative (and any purported assignment without such consent shall be null and void). 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.6(a), following the applicable Permitted Transfer Date (as
defined below), each of the Executive Directors, their Permitted Transferees pursuant to Section 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement and the SL TRA Parties may assign, sell, pledge or otherwise alienate or transfer any interest in this Agreement
subject only to the Joinder Requirement. As used herein, Permitted Transfer Date means (i) with respect to the Executive Directors and their Permitted Transferees pursuant to Section 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement, sixty days
following delivery of written notice from the Representative to the SL Representative indicating the intent of the Executive Directors and/or their Permitted Transferees pursuant to Section 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement to assign, sell, pledge or
otherwise alienate or transfer an interest in this Agreement, provided that such notice cannot be delivered until the earlier of (x) the seventh anniversary of the date hereof and (y) the Ownership Trigger Date (as defined herein), and
(ii) with respect to the SL TRA parties, (A) the later of (x) the seventh anniversary of the date hereof and (y) such time (the Ownership Trigger Date) as the Executive Directors, Permitted Transferees pursuant to
Section 6.2(a) of the LLC Agreement, the SL Member and its Related Persons cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, securities of the Corporation representing a majority of the combined voting power of the
Corporations then outstanding securities generally entitled to vote in the election of directors or (B) if earlier than the time determined pursuant to clause (ii)(A), sixty days after the date of delivery of the written notice described
in the foregoing clause (i). At any time that the SL TRA Parties are permitted to assign, sell, pledge or otherwise alienate or transfer their interests in this Agreement by operation of this Section 7.06(a)(ii), the KKR TRA Parties shall be
permitted to sell, pledge or otherwise alienate or transfer their interests in this Agreement (whether or not any SL TRA Party has assigned, sold, pledged or otherwise alienated or transferred their interests in this Agreement). 

4 

Section 3. Amendment to Section 7.6(b).
Section 7.6(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following: 

Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing by each of (i) the
Governing Body (or any Person(s) to whom the Governing Body has delegated such authority); and (ii) the TRA Parties who collectively would be entitled to receive at least a majority of any Early Termination Payments that would be hypothetically
payable to all TRA Parties (assuming all equity interests in the LLC that have redemption rights under the LLC Agreement (or that are entitled to be transferred in connection with an Exchange) are redeemed and exchanged for shares of Class A
Common Stock at such time and using the Valuation Assumptions). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (w) no provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner that has a disproportionate material and adverse effect on the Exchange TRA Parties, on
the one hand, or the Reorganization TRA Parties, on the other hand, without the consent of TRA Parties of the relevant class that are entitled to receive at least a majority of the Early Termination Payments payable to such TRA Parties of such class
(assuming all equity interests in the LLC that have redemption rights under the LLC Agreement or are entitled to be transferred in connection with an Exchange are redeemed and exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock and using the Valuation
Assumptions) without such TRA Parties consent; (x) no provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner that has a disproportionate material and adverse effect on the KKR TRA Parties relative to the SLP TRA Parties (or shall modify
unique rights specifically granted to the KKR TRA Parties or KKR Representative in their capacity as such) without the consent of the KKR Representative; (y) no provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner that has a disproportionate
material and adverse effect on the SL TRA Parties without the consent of the SL Representative, and (z) no provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner that has a disproportionate material and adverse effect on any TRA Party (other
than a KKR TRA Party or SL TRA Party) without the consent of the Representative. 

Section 4. Amendment to
Section 7.19. Section 7.19 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such section in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following: 

Payment Amounts. The Corporation and the Exchange TRA Parties agree that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of
any future Exchange that may be subject to this Agreement, the aggregate value of the Tax Benefit Payments cannot be reasonably ascertained for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, unless an
Exchange TRA Party notifies the Corporation otherwise, (i) the stated maximum selling price (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 15A.453-1(c)(2)) with respect to any Exchange by such Exchange TRA
Party shall not exceed 200% of the amount of the initial consideration received in connection with such Exchange (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the amount of any cash and the fair market

5 

value of any Class A Common Stock received in such Exchange (even if such cash is subject to a deferred payout under the terms of the Merger Agreement) and shall exclude the fair market
value of any Tax Benefit Payments) and (ii) the sum of the initial consideration received in connection with such Exchange and the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments paid to such Exchange TRA Party in respect of such Exchange (other than amounts
accounted for as interest under the Code) shall not exceed such stated maximum selling price with respect to such Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.19 shall not limit any amounts payable in connection with an Early
Termination Payment. 

Section 5. Amendment to Annex B of the Agreement. Annex B of the Agreement is hereby amended as
set forth on Schedule A hereto. 

Section 6. References. From and after the date of this Amendment No. 1,
references in the Agreement to the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Agreement as amended hereby unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 7. Full Force and Effect. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement
remain unchanged and continue in full force and effect. This Amendment No. 1 is limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed to be an amendment to any other term or condition of the Agreement or any of the documents referred to therein.
This Amendment No. 1 shall be deemed to be in full force and effect from and after the execution of this Amendment No. 1 by the parties hereto as if the amendments made hereby were originally set forth in the Agreement. 

Section 8. Miscellaneous. Article VII of the Agreement is hereby incorporated, as amended by this Amendment No. 1,
into this Amendment No. 1 by reference, mutatis mutandis. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment No. 1 on the day
and year first indicated above. 

CORPORATION

ENDEAVOR GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Ariel Emanuel

Name: Ariel Emanuel

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment No. 1 on the day
and year first indicated above. 

SILVER LAKE WEST HOLDCO, L.P.

By: SILVER LAKE WEST VOTECO, L.L.C., its

general partner

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Managing Member

SILVER LAKE WEST HOLDCO II, L.P.

By: SILVER LAKE WEST VOTECO, L.L.C., its

general partner

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Managing Member

SLP WEST HOLDINGS, L.L.C.

By: SILVER LAKE PARTNERS IV DE (AIV IV),

L.P., its managing member

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES

IV, L.P., its general partner

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing

member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

SLP WEST HOLDINGS II, L.L.C.

By: SILVER LAKE PARTNERS IV DE (AIV IV), L.P., its managing member

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES IV, L.P., its general partner

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SILVER LAKE PARTNERS IV DE (AIV III), L.P.

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES IV, L.P., its managing member

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

SLP WEST HOLDINGS III, L.P.

By: SLP WEST GP HOLDINGS, L.L.C., its general partner

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its managing member

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SLP WEST HOLDINGS IV, L.P.

By: SLP WEST GP HOLDINGS, L.L.C., its general partner

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its managing member

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SLP WEST HOLDINGS CO-INVEST II, L.P.

By: SLP CO-INVEST GP, L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

SLP WEST HOLDINGS CO-INVEST, L.P.

By: SLP DENALI CO-INVEST GP, L.L.C.

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES

III, L.P., its managing member

By: SLTA III (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SLP IV WEST FEEDER I, L.P.

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES

IV, L.P., its managing member

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

SL SPV-1 FEEDER I, L.P.

By: SLTA SPV-1, L.P., its general partner

By: SLTA SPV-1 (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SLP WEST HOLDINGS CO-INVEST FEEDER II, L.P.

By: SLP CO-INVEST GP, L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

SLP IV BASQUIAT FEEDER I, L.P.

By: SILVER LAKE TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES

IV, L.P., its managing member

By: SLTA IV (GP), L.L.C.,, its general partner

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1] 

WILDCAT EOC SELLER, LLC

By: SILVER LAKE GROUP, L.L.C., its managing member

By: /s/ Egon Durban

Name: Egon Durban

Title: Co-CEO

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the
date first above written. 

Patrick Whitesell

/s/ Patrick Whitesell

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the
date first above written. 

Mark Shapiro

/s/ Mark Shapiro

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1]

Ariel Emanuel

/s/ Ariel Emanuel

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1]

THE ARIEL Z. EMANUEL LIVING TRUST, DATED NOVEMBER 13, 2017

By: /s/ Ariel Emanuel

Name: Ariel Emanuel

Title: Trustee

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d897469dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

ENDEAVOR ANNOUNCES COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION BY SILVER LAKE 

Underscores continued commitment to growing category-leading representation businesses 

focused on talent, intellectual property, and brands 

Extends and expands value creation for clients and partners following largest ever take-private 

investment in the media and entertainment sector 

BEVERLY HILLS and MENLO PARK (March 24, 2025) Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. (Endeavor or the Company), a global sports
and entertainment company, today announced the completion of its acquisition by Silver Lake, the global leader in technology investing, in partnership with the Endeavor management team and additional investors. 

Silver Lake and its co-investors have acquired 100% of the outstanding shares in Endeavor they did not already own,
other than rolled interests. With the completion of the transaction, Endeavor stockholders are entitled to receive $27.50 in cash for each share of Endeavor Class A common stock they owned as of the closing (other than with respect to certain
rollover shares, which remain outstanding). The $27.50 per share price represents a 55% premium in cash to the unaffected share price of $17.72 per share at market close on October 25, 2023, the last trading day prior to Endeavors
announcement of its review of strategic alternatives, and a 39% premium to Endeavors unaffected 30-day VWAP. Endeavors Class A common stock will cease trading, and the Company will no longer
be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 

The now privately held Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. retains its controlling ownership stake in TKO Group
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: TKO), one of the largest publicly traded sports and entertainment companies, fueled by businesses including UFC and WWE. Silver Lake believes that when consolidating all of TKOs value into Endeavor, the combined total
enterprise value of $25 billion at $27.50 per share makes this the largest private equity sponsor public-to-private investment transaction in over a decade, and the
largest ever in the media and entertainment sector. 

The portfolio of representation businesses owned by Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. will now be called
WME Group. WME Group comprises category leaders focused on representing talent, intellectual property, and brands, including: 

WME, the preeminent talent agency with more than 125 years of experience enabling artists, athletes, and brands
to grow their businesses, leverage the full potential of their intellectual property, and bring projects to life that define the cultural landscape. WMEs expertise spans books, comedy, digital media, fashion, film, food, music, sports,
television, theater, and more. 

160over90, the award-winning global marketing agency that connects blue-chip brands to culture through impactful
partnerships, activations, and experiences. 

IMG Licensing, the global leader in brand licensing, managing licensing programs that ensure the worlds
best-known brands, media franchises, events, and talent maximize the potential of their intellectual property. 

Pantheon Media Group, the Emmy Award-winning
nonscripted powerhouse that includes nearly 20 top production labels that deliver groundbreaking content across live events, factual entertainment, premium documentaries, true crime, sports, and more. 

Egon Durban, Co-CEO and Managing Partner of Silver Lake, said: This remarkable momentand the even more
exciting future it launchesis thanks first and foremost to Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell, and to the relentless and ambitious strategic vision they have shared for more than twenty years to build Endeavor into a global powerhouse across
talent, brands, and IP spanning entertainment, media, and sports. Silver Lake is proud and honored to be their partners since 2012 as they have continued to build the company. Over this period, revenue has grown by twentyfold. Silver Lake has
previously invested on six separate occasions to support Endeavor and now, with this latest investment, it is the single largest position in our global portfolio. 

Durban continued: Silver Lake has never sold a share, instead increasing our stake as we remain highly excited about the long-term growth outlook for
the company. Mark Shapiro is an impressive, hard charging, creative, and determined leader who is driving and orchestrating massive value creation. We look forward to continuing our work and partnership with him and the rest of the management
teamincluding Richard Weitz and Christian Muirhead at WME Group and Dana White, Andrew Schleimer, and the collective TKO leadershipall of whom are industry best. We are grateful for all of the clients and partners these businesses are
laser focused on serving, as well as for the anchor investors who have joined us in this transaction. 

Mark Shapiro, now President and Managing
Partner, WME Group, said: Our ability to deliver landmark partnerships, career-defining business opportunities, and enduring cultural moments is amplified by this transaction and the formation of WME Group. The Silver Lake team has proven time
and again that they are all-in on representation and content, and our clients, partners, and employees will thrive under our new structure. 

Ariel Emanuel, now Executive Chairman of WME Group, said: I am grateful to Egon and the team at Silver Lake for the trust they have placed in me as a
founder and entrepreneur. Together, we have created and enhanced a foundation unlike any other to accelerate value creation for clients and partners across WME Group and TKO, which I am excited to continue to build and grow. 

Patrick Whitesell will become the CEO and Founder of a new platform in partnership with Silver Lake to invest in and scale properties and IP across sports,
media, and entertainment. 

Whitesell said: Everything we built at Endeavor would not have been possible without the partnership of Egon and the
entire Silver Lake team. Our industry is in the very early stages of generational transformation. I have never seen a more promising time for bold and ambitious entrepreneurs, creatives, and athletes. 

Durban concluded: Silver Lake is enormously pleased and energized to partner and invest with Patrick
in support of his new platform. 

The equity financing for the Endeavor take private transaction includes a combination of new and reinvested equity
from Silver Lake; additional capital from Mubadala Investment Company, DFO Management, LLC (the family investment office of Dell Technologies Founder, Chairman, and CEO Michael Dell and his family), Lexington Partners, funds managed by Goldman Sachs
Asset Management and CPP Investments; and equity rolled over by individuals including Emanuel, Whitesell, and Shapiro. 

# # # 

About Silver Lake 

Silver Lake is a global technology
investment firm, with approximately $104 billion in combined assets under management and committed capital and a team of professionals based in North America, Europe and Asia. Silver Lakes portfolio companies collectively generate nearly
$252 billion of revenue annually and employ approximately 433,000 people globally. 

About WME Group 

WME Group is a global network of businesses that represent the worlds leading talent, intellectual property and brands. WME Group comprises preeminent
talent agency WME, global marketing agency 160over90, brand licensing agency IMG Licensing, and nonscripted content business Pantheon Media Group. 

About TKO 

TKO Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: TKO) is a
premium sports and entertainment company. TKO owns iconic properties including UFC, the worlds premier mixed martial arts organization; WWE, the global leader in sports entertainment; and PBR, the worlds premier bull riding organization.
Together, these properties reach 210 countries and territories and organize more than 500 live events year-round, attracting more than three million fans. TKO also services and partners with major sports rights holders through IMG, an
industry-leading global sports marketing agency; and On Location, a global leader in premium experiential hospitality. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements in
this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the business strategy and management of WME Group. The words believe, may,
will, estimate, potential, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, target, and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations. These statements
are neither promises nor guarantees and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from what is expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements, including but not limited to important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as may be required under applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contacts 

Silver Lake 

Media: mediainquiries@silverlake.com 

Endeavor 

Media: press@endeavorco.com 

+++
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d897469dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

OpenBet Announces Completion of Management Buyout from Endeavor 

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.OpenBet, a world leader in betting and gaming entertainment, today announced the completion of its sale by Endeavor Group
Holdings, Inc. (Endeavor) (NYSE: EDR) to OB Global Holdings LLC (OB Global) in a management buyout backed by Ariel Emanuel with participation from OpenBet executives, including Jordan Levin, who continues to lead the business
as CEO. 

Levin said: As this new chapter begins, OpenBet is better positioned than ever to drive market expansion and product innovation while
defining the future of betting and gaming entertainment. Our group is extremely excited about OpenBets path forward, and we are confident in our business long-term growth profile considering our premium product offering, exceptional
talent, and existing momentum in the marketplace. 

With a strong foundation built on innovation, scale, and market-leading technology, OpenBet
continues to accelerate its growth across key global markets. The companys best-in-class platform, modular solutions, and deep industry expertise power 200+
operators worldwide, delivering unparalleled performance, security, and reliability in regulated betting and gaming markets globally. 

As part of its
expansion strategy, OpenBet is advancing its presence in Brazil having already launched with BandBet and securing strategic partnerships with other major operators. These collaborations reinforce OpenBets commitment to delivering scalable,
compliant, and engaging betting experiences in one of the worlds most exciting new regulated markets. 

OpenBet also continues to strengthen its
position in the lottery sector, serving as the leading provider to government-owned and government-sponsored operators in sports betting, powering 20+ World Lottery Association (WLA) members globally. The company strengthens its commitment to
responsible gaming through Neccton, enhancing player protection and compliance with AI-driven technology. As a WLA Gold Contributor, OpenBet remains at the forefront of regulatory excellence and driving
integrity across the industry. 

Continued investment in innovation remains key to OpenBets success, with solutions such as BetBuilder delivering the
industrys leading same-game parlay experience, and OpenBet Locator enabling seamless regulatory compliance. As the company enters its next chapter, it remains focused on empowering
operators with trusted technology, deep industry expertise, and a commitment to delivering the next generation of betting and gaming entertainment. 

In a
separate transaction announced March 19, 2025, as contemplated in the definitive agreement with respect to the OpenBet sale, Endeavor reached an agreement to sell IMG ARENA, Endeavors sports betting data business operating under OpenBet,
to Sportradar. OB Global will own and continue to manage the IMG ARENA business until the close of the Sportradar transaction, which is subject to regulatory approval and is expected in the fourth quarter of 2025. 

Oakvale Capital LLP and The Raine Group acted as financial advisors to Endeavor. Latham & Watkins LLP acted as legal advisor to Endeavor. 

About OpenBet 

OpenBet is a world leader in betting and
gaming entertainment. With over 25 years experience and a passion for innovation, OpenBets modular range of technology, content and services is entrusted by the globes biggest sports betting brands, lotteries, casinos and tribal
operators. It is a leading business-to-business sports betting partner in the U.S., U.K., Australia and Canada, with a strong position in Europe and APAC. To date,
OpenBet has over 200 global customers and a 100% uptime record across major sporting events. 

The company has earned industry recognition through multiple
award wins recently, including Safer Gambling Supplier at EGR Europe Awards 2025, Sports Betting Supplier at EGR North America Awards 2024, Multi-Channel Supplier at the EGR B2B Awards 2024, and Sportsbook
Platform Supplier at the SBC North America Awards 2024. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements in this press
release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, OpenBets business strategy and future financial and operational performance, and the proposed sale of IMG
ARENA to Sportradar and expected timing thereof. The words believe, may, will, estimate, potential, continue, anticipate, intend, expect,
could, would, project, plan, target, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions.
These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from what is expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in Endeavors
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as may be required under applicable law, Endeavor
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contacts 

OpenBet 

Press: media@openbet.com

Endeavor 

Investors: investor@endeavorco.com 

Press: press@endeavorco.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>edr-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>edr-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>edr-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001766363

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40373

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-3340169

Entity Address, Address Line One 9601 Wilshire Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Beverly Hills

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90210

City Area Code (310)

Local Phone Number 285-9000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share

Trading Symbol EDR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.endeavorco.com//20250324/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d897469d8k.htm 
edr-20250324.xsd 
edr-20250324_lab.xml 
edr-20250324_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-060947-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d897469d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001766363 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

false 
0001766363 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-40373 
83-3340169 
9601 Wilshire Boulevard 
3rd Floor 
Beverly Hills 
CA 
90210 
(310) 
285-9000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 
EDR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>