<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015735.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015735.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220171508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lomond Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001900520
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				872959575
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56377
		FILM NUMBER:		25647263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O LOMOND THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC.
		STREET 2:		8 THE GREEN STE 8490
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561 464 2841

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O LOMOND THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC.
		STREET 2:		8 THE GREEN STE 8490
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211220
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231647-8k_lomond.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000190052000019005202025-02-132025-02-130001900520dei:FormerAddressMember2025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
13, 2025

Lomond Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-56377 87-2959575

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8 The Green Ste 8490

Dover,
Delaware 19901

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(212) 739-6400

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp.

55 NE 5th Ave.

Suite 401

Boca Raton, Florida33432

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material
Definitive Agreement.

On February 13, 2025, Lomond Therapeutics Operating
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Lomond OpCo), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lomond Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company) entered into two separate licensing agreements with Viriom, Inc. (Viriom), each
as described in more detail below.

BCL-2 License Agreement 

Lomond OpCo entered into a License Agreement with
Viriom, whereby Viriom acquired exclusive rights in the Russian Federation to the BCL-2 inhibitor (the BCL-2 Licensed Molecule)
for the treatment of chronic lymphoblastic leukemia and acute myeloid leukemia (BCL-2 Indications) as monotherapy or as
co-administered in combination with small molecule drugs or biological drugs (the BCL-2 Viriom License Agreement).

Under the terms of the BCL-2 Viriom License Agreement,
Lomond OpCo has granted Viriom an exclusive license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, under Lomond OpCos patents
and know-how to develop, test, make and use the BCL-2 Licensed Molecule to develop, test, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale,
import and otherwise exploit the product as it relates to the BCL-2 Indications during the term of the BCL-2 Viriom License Agreement. 

As consideration for the BCL-2 Viriom License
Agreement, Viriom has agreed to pay Lomond OpCo a percentage of net sales of certain products during certain royalty periods.

FLT-3 Viriom License Agreement

Lomond OpCo entered into a License Agreement with
Viriom, whereby Viriom acquired exclusive rights in the Russian Federatoin to the FLT-3 inhibitor (the FLT-3 Licensed Molecule)
for the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia (FLT-3 Indication) as monotherapy or as co-administered in combination with
small molecule drugs or biological drugs) (the FLT-3 Viriom License Agreement).

Under the terms of the FLT-3 Viriom License Agreement,
Lomond OpCo has granted Viriom an exclusive license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, under Lomond OpCos patents
and know-how to develop, test, make and use the FLT-3 Licensed Molecule to develop, test, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale,
import and otherwise exploit the product as it relates to the FLT-3 Indication during the term of the FLT-3 Viriom License Agreement. 

As consideration for the FLT-3 Viriom License
Agreement, Viriom has agreed to pay Lomond OpCo a percentage of net sales of certain products during certain royalty periods.

1

Each of the License Agreements obligate Viriom
to develop and commercialize the licensed products, at Virioms own cost and expense, and in the development and commercialization
process, Viriom is obligated to meet certain milestones.

The foregoing description of the License Agreements
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the License Agreements, copies
of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Related Party Transactions

Entry into each of the License Agreements constitutes
related party transactions as each of Nikolay Savchuk and Iain Dukes are interested parties given their respective relationships with
Viriom. Nikolay Savchuk, an officer and director of the Company, is a director of Viriom, and indirectly holds a majority of shares of
Virioms common stock. Iain Dukes, an officer and director of the Company, serves as a director of Viriom.

Item 9.01Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Exclusive License Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and between Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation and Viriom, Inc. (BCL-2 Viriom License Agreement).

10.2* Exclusive License Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and between Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation and Viriom, Inc. (FLT-3 Viriom License Agreement).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain annexes, schedules and
exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any
omitted attachment to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request.

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted by means of marking such portions with asterisks as the
identified confidential portions are both not material and are the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential.
The registrant agrees to supplementally furnish an unredacted copy of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request.

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LOMOND THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: February 20, 2025 By: /s/ Iain Dukes

Iain Dukes

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023164701ex10-1_lomond.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 13, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN LOMOND THERAPEUTICS OPERATING CORPORATION AND VIRIOM, INC. (BCL-2 VIRIOM LICENSE AGREEMENT)
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT
MATERIAL AND ARE THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN MARKED WITH
[***] TO INDICATE WHERE OMISSIONS HAVE BEEN MADE.

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Exclusive License Agreement (Agreement) is entered
into by and between Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation, a Delaware corporation, with an address at 8 The Green, Suite 8183,
Dover, DE 19901 (Licensor), and Viriom, Inc., a Maryland corporation, with an address at 1450 Research Blvd, Rockville,
MD 20850 (Licensee) and made effective as of February 13, 2025 (Effective Date). Licensor and Licensee may
hereinafter be individually referred to as a Party or collectively as Parties.

RECITALS

A. Licensor,
is the owner of the Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How (as such terms are defined below);

B. Licensee
desires to obtain a royalty bearing exclusive license in the Russian Federation, under the Licensed Patents and the Licensed Know-How
for the treatment of the Indications (as such term is defined below); and

C. Licensor
is willing to grant a royalty bearing exclusive license in the Russian Federation, under the Licensed Patents and the Licensed Know-How,
for the treatment of the Indications to Licensee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties (as defined below) hereto hereby
expressly agree as set forth below.

AGREEMENT

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Affiliates
means any Person of which (a) more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other equity ownership thereof, whether directly or
indirectly, is owned or controlled by, or under common control with, such Person, or which owns or controls more than fifty percent (50%)
of the voting stock or other equity ownership of such Person, provided that, in either of the foregoing, if less than fifty percent (50%),
the maximum percentage permitted by law, or (b) has other comparable ownership interest with respect to any Person other than a corporation,
or (c) has the power, whether pursuant to contract, ownership of securities or otherwise, to direct the management and policies of such
Person.

1.2 Applicable
Law means, with respect to a given country, the applicable Laws that may be in effect from time to time in such country and that
relate to a Partys activities under this Agreement, including any Laws of the Regulatory Authorities of such country.

1.3 CMC
Information means information related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) of the Licensed Products,
as specified by the applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.4 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts means efforts and resources consistent with product or compound owned by it or to which it has rights, which
is of similar market potential at a similar stage in its development or product life, taking into account issues of safety or efficacy,
product profile, the competitiveness of the marketplace, the proprietary position of the compound or product, the regulatory structure
involved, the profitability of the applicable products, and other relevant factors.

1.5 Confidential
Information means any confidential information of a Party relating to any use, process, method, compound, research project, work
in process, future development, scientific, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, business plan, financial or personnel matter relating
to the disclosing Party, its present or future products, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, investors or business, whether in oral,
written, graphic, electronic, or any other form, which is marked confidential or designated by the disclosing party as being confidential
prior to disclosure or which is marked confidential and provided to the other Party within thirty (30) days of such disclosure. For the
avoidance of doubt, and regardless of whether marked as confidential or not, all Data, including, but not limited to CMC data, and all
Licensed Product IP shall be the Confidential Information of Licensor.

1.6 Data
means all data, including CMC data, experimental data, non-clinical data, preclinical data and clinical data, generated by or on behalf
of a Party or its Affiliates or their respective sublicensees pursuant to activities conducted under this Agreement. For clarity, Data
does not include any patentable inventions.

1.7 Development
Costs means with respect to the development of a Licensed Product, all documented direct costs incurred by Licensee for as required
under Sections 4 and 5 for (i) pre-clinical and clinical studies (including all phases) and all incurred investigator fees, Data costs
and site fees; (ii) submissions with Regulatory Authorities as necessary to obtain Regulatory Approvals for Licensed Products in the Territory;
and (iii) manufacturing scale-up, including development of manufacturing process and validation.

1.8 Field
means therapeutic uses of the Licensed Product for the treatment of the Indications in humans as monotherapy or as co-administered in
combination with small molecule drugs or biological drugs.

1.9 First
Commercial Sale means with respect to any Licensed Product and any country in the Territory, the first sale of such Licensed Product,
for use in the Field, to a third party in such country, after such Licensed Product has been granted Regulatory Approval for use in the
Field by the competent Regulatory Authorities in such country.

1.10 Foreground
IP means any and all data, results, discovery, finding, process, improvement, method, composition of matter, article of manufacture,
patentable or otherwise, that are developed, invented, reduced to practice, or otherwise generated by either Party exercising its rights
or carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, whether directly or via its Affiliates, agents, contractors or Sublicensees, including
all right, title and interest in and to the corresponding Intellectual Property Rights therein.

1.11 Governmental
Authority means any multi-national, national, federal, state, local, municipal, provincial or other Governmental Authority of any
nature (including any governmental division, prefecture, subdivision, department, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council,
court or other tribunal).

2

1.12 IND
means an Investigational New Drug Application or equivalent application filed to commence human clinical testing of a Licensed Product
with the applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.13 Indications
means chronic lymphoblastic leukemia and acute myeloid leukemia.

1.14 Intellectual
Property Rights means patents, utility certificates, utility models, industrial design rights, copyrights, database rights, trade
secrets, any protection offered by law to Information, and all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, combinations, divisions,
continuations or reissues of any of the foregoing.

1.15 Laws
means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and other pronouncements having the effect of law of any federal, national, multinational,
state, provincial, county, municipal, city or other political subdivision, domestic or foreign.

1.16 Licensed
Know-How means any tangible or intangible data, information, knowledge, methods (including methods of manufacture, use or administration
or dosing), practices, results, techniques, and trade secrets, including analytical and quality control data, analytical methods (including
applicable reference standards), assays, batch records, chemical structures and formulations, compositions of matter, formulae, materials,
manufacturing data, pharmacological, toxicological and clinical test data and results, processes, reports, research data, research tools,
sequences, standard operating procedures, and techniques, which are owned or controlled by Licensor or its Affiliates, as of the Effective
Date or after the Effective Date during the Term, which relate to the Licensed Molecule and which are necessary or useful for the development,
manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

1.17 Licensed
Molecule means the BCL-2 inhibitor identified as Eiletoclax (ZE50-0134).

1.18 Licensed
Patents means

(a) The
patents and patent applications set forth in Exhibit A and any other patent application arising from Licensed Product IP;

(b) any
divisional and continuation of the patent applications arising from subsection (a), and continuation-in-part that contains a claim entitled
to the benefit of the priority date of the patent applications listed in subsection (a);

(c) the
foreign patent applications associated with the patent applications referenced in subsections (a) and (b);

(d) the
patents issued from the patent applications referenced in subsections (a) through (c); and

(e) the
reissues, reexaminations, restorations (including supplemental protection certificates) and extensions of any patent or patent application
set forth in subsections (a) through (d).

3

1.19 Licensed
Product means any pharmaceutical preparation in the Field (i) that contains the Licensed Molecule, the manufacture, use or sale
of which would infringe any Valid Claim; or (ii) which otherwise contains the Licensed Molecule or any derivatives and modifications thereof,
including salt forms of any of the foregoing and formulations of any of the foregoing; or (iii) which otherwise is made or prepared using
or incorporating any of the Licensed Know-How or the Licensed Product IP, but which does not contain any compositions identified in the
Patent Rights.

1.20 Licensed
Technology means (i) the Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How; and (ii) upon creation and assignment as required hereunder, Licensed
Product IP.

1.21 NDA
means as applicable, marketing authorization applications, new drug application, biological license application, or product license application,
as appropriate, filed pursuant to the requirements of the applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.22 Net
Sales means the gross amount invoiced and/or received by Licensee or any Affiliate or Sublicensee for or in connection with sales
of the Licensed Product(s) to any person, entity or party that is not an Affiliate or Sublicensee, after deduction of all the following
to the extent applicable to such sales:

(a) all
customary trade, case and quantity credits, discounts, refunds or rebates reflected in written documentation;

(b) actual
allowances or credits for returns, including without limitation amounts received for sales which become the subject of a subsequent temporary
or partial recall by a regulatory agency for safety or efficacy reasons outside the control of Licensee to the extent that each is included
in Licensees, an Affiliates and/or a Sublicensees billings, provided, however, that amounts set aside for temporary
recalls are added back to Net Sales should the temporary recall be cancelled;

(c) cost
of freight, postage, and freight insurance, (if paid by the seller) to the extent that each is included in Licensees or an Affiliates
billings; and

(d) sales
taxes, value added taxes, excise taxes, and customs duties directly imposed and with reference to particular sales.

A sale or transfer to an Affiliate or a Sublicensee
for re-sale by such Affiliate or Sublicensee shall not be considered a sale for the purpose of this provision but the resale by such Affiliate
or Sublicensee shall be a sale for such purposes. Any sale or transfer to an Affiliate or a Sublicensee for use in testing, clinical trials,
or as marketing samples shall not be considered a sale for the purpose of this provision but the resale by such Affiliate or Sublicensee
shall be a sale for such purposes. Any amounts received by Licensee, its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees in exchange for Licensed Products
transferred or provided to any third person or entity for use in testing, clinical trials, or as marketing samples to develop or promote
the Licensed Products are included in the definition of Net Sales.

1.23 Person
means a corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity.

4

1.24 Regulatory
Approval means, with respect to a particular country, any approval, product, or establishment license, registration, or authorization
of any Regulatory Authority necessary for the commercial sale of a Licensed Product in such country.

1.25 Regulatory
Authority means, in a particular country, any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval in such
country.

1.26 Royalty
Period means the period commencing upon the First Commercial Sale in the Territory and will continue, on a country-by-country basis,
for the later of (i) until the expiration of the last Valid Claim under any Licensed Patent covering or claiming such Licensed Product
in such country of the Territory; or (ii) for Licensed Products the manufacture, use or sale of which does not infringe, or no longer
infringes, any Valid Claim in a country in the Territory, twenty (20) years from the First Commercial Sale in such country.

1.27 Sublicense
means an agreement into which Licensee enters with a third party for the purpose of (i) granting certain rights under and to use the Licensed
Technology to make, use or sell such Licensed Product; (ii) granting an option to such rights; or (iii) forbearing the exercise of any
rights, granted to Licensee under this Agreement.

1.28 Sublicensee
means, with respect to any Licensed Product, a third party that obtains a Sublicense.

1.29 Sublicensing
Revenue means consideration of any kind and in any form received by Licensee or its Affiliates in consideration of Sublicenses
granted pursuant to this Agreement, except for the following exclusions: (i) payment or reimbursement for direct research costs applied
to Licensed Technology and conducted by or for Licensee, including costs of materials, equipment, or clinical testing, provided: a) such
payments or reimbursements are at fair-market value for the research performed; and b) the costs to be reimbursed or paid for, are incurred
after the effective date of an agreement with a Sublicensee; and c) Licensee is obligated to perform such research under the agreement
with Sublicensee; and d) such payments are characterized as reimbursement or payment as the case may be, in all accounting practices performed
by or on behalf of Licensee and the Sublicensee, (ii) an equity investment in or debt financing of Licensee (except to the extent such
payments exceed the fair market value of such securities on the date of receipt); (iii) as payment of or reimbursement for patent prosecution
or maintenance expenses actually incurred by Licensee, provided such payments are characterized as such payment in all accounting practices
performed by or on behalf of Licensee; and (iv) royalties received from Sublicensees associated with sales of Licensed Products by the
Sublicensees for which Licensee is paying a royalty to Licensor pursuant to Section 6.1 of this Agreement.

1.30 Territory
means the Russian Federation.

1.31 Valid
Claim means a claim of (i) a pending patent application included within the Licensed Patents, which claim is pending in good faith;
or (ii) an issued patent included within the Licensed Patents, which claim has not lapsed, been canceled or become abandoned and has not
been declared invalid or unenforceable by an unreversed and unappealable decision or judgment of a court or other appropriate body of
competent jurisdiction, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, disclaimer or otherwise.

5

1.32 Additional Definitions. The following
table identifies the location of additional definitions set forth in the subsequent Sections of this Agreement:

Defined Term Section

Claim 9.1

Combination Licensed Product 6.3

Infringement Notice 7.9(a)

Licensed Product IP 7.7(b)

Licensee Indemnitees 9.1

Licensor Indemnitees 9.2

Losses 9.1

Marketing Agreement 4.1(c)

Marketing Plan 4.1(c)

Milestone Event 4.2

Ongoing Patent Costs 7.3

Pharmacovigilance Agreement 5.5

Progress Reports 4.6(b)

Quality Agreement 5.5

value 6.3

2. GRANT
OF LICENSE

2.1 License
Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee during the term of this Agreement, a
royalty-bearing, terminable, revocable, exclusive license in the Field in the Territory, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses,
under the Licensed Patents, Licensed Licensor Know-How and Licensed Product IP, to develop, make, have made, use, market, sell, offer
for sale, import and otherwise exploit Licensed Products in the Territory for use in the Field.

2.2 Sublicensing.
The Licensee shall have a right to sublicense the Licensed Technology in accordance with this Section 2.2 and the terms of this Agreement.

(a) For
so long as Licensee is in full compliance with all of its obligations under this Agreement, and in each case subject to Licensors
approval which Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold or delay, Licensee may grant sublicenses under the Licensed Technology, but only
to the extent necessary to develop, make, have made, use, market, sell, offer for sale and import Licensed Products in the Territory for
use in the Field. Prior to the granting of any Sublicense, Licensee will provide Licensor with written notification of the name of the
intended Sublicensee, a brief description of the company, as well as a detailed term sheet containing the financial terms, the territory
and all the relevant legal terms of the Sublicense. Licensor shall, as soon as practicable following receipt of Licensees notice
and required documents, provide its approval or rejection of such proposed Sublicense. Licensee agrees to forward to Licensor a copy of
each fully executed Sublicense postmarked within thirty (30) days of execution of such agreement.

6

(b) Licensee
will be responsible for its Sublicensees compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and Licensee will not grant any rights which
are inconsistent with the rights granted to and obligations imposed on Licensee under this Agreement. Any act or omission of a Sublicensee,
which would be a breach of this Agreement if undertaken or omitted by the Licensee, will be deemed to be a breach by Licensee of this
Agreement. With respect to Sublicense, Licensee shall:

(i) not
receive, or agree to receive, anything of value in lieu of cash as consideration for the grant of the Sublicense from a third party without
the express written consent of Licensor;

(ii) grant
any Sublicensee the right to further sublicense;

(iii) include
an audit right by Licensor of the same scope as provided in Section 6.10;

(iv) to
the extent applicable, include the relevant rights of and obligations due to Licensor and contained in this Agreement;

(v) to
the extent applicable, include the relevant rights of and obligations due to Licensor and contained in this Agreement;

(vi) in
the event of a breach by a Sublicensee, either (a) cure such breach in accordance this Agreement; or (b) enforce its rights by terminating
such Sublicense in accordance with the terms thereof;

(vii) require
its Sublicensees to keep records and submit reports to Licensee of the same type and at the same time as required of Licensee under Sections
4.5 and 4.6; and

(viii) collect
and guarantee payment of all payments due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Sublicensees and summarize and deliver all reports
due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Sublicensees.

(c) Termination
of the license granted to Licensee under any of the provisions of Section 11 of this Agreement will terminate all Sublicenses that may
have been granted by Licensee, unless any Sublicensee elects to continue its Sublicense by advising Licensor in writing, within thirty
(30) days of the Sublicensees receipt of written notice of such termination, of its election, and of its agreement to assume with
respect to Licensor all of the obligations (including obligations for payment) of Licensee contained in this Agreement. Any Sublicense
granted by Licensee will contain provisions corresponding to those of this paragraph respecting termination and the conditions of continuance
of Sublicenses.

2.3 Reserved
Rights. The license grant set forth in Section 2.1 will be further subject to, restricted by and non-exclusive with respect to any license
of inventions described or claimed in the Licensed Patents that Licensor is required by Applicable Law to grant to the United States of
America or to a foreign country or agency thereof, pursuant to an existing or future treaty between the United States of America and any
foreign country.

7

2.4 No
Other Rights. The license granted hereunder shall not be construed to confer any rights, other than those affirmatively granted as set
forth in Section 2.1, to Licensee by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any technology not specifically set forth in this Agreement.

3. GOVERNMENTAL
COMPLIANCE

3.1 Compliance
with Laws. Licensee shall at all times during the term of this Agreement and for so long as it sells imports, exports, manufactures, uses,
develops, distributes, markets or otherwise commercially exploits Licensed Products and/or Licensed Technology comply and require its
Affiliates and Sublicensees to comply with all Applicable Laws that control the import, export, manufacture, use, development, sale, marketing,
distribution and other commercial exploitation of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Technology or any other activity undertaken pursuant
to this Agreement.

3.2 Governmental
Approval or Registration. If this Agreement or any associated transaction is required by the Laws of any country in the Territory to be
either approved or registered with any Governmental Authority, Licensee shall assume all legal obligations to do so. Licensee shall notify
Licensor if it becomes aware that this Agreement is subject to a government reporting or approval requirement anywhere in the Territory.
Licensee shall make all necessary filings and pay all costs including fees, penalties, and all other out-of-pocket costs associated with
such reporting or approval process.

3.3 Export
Controls and Sanctions Compliance. Licensee shall at all times during the term of this Agreement comply with all U.S. and applicable non-U.S.
export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including without limitation the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
of the U.S. Department of Commerces Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), the sanctions laws and regulations administered
by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and export controls and sanctions
regulations of any other applicable governmental authority. Licensee shall not engage in any direct or indirect transaction with any prohibited
or blocked party, including without limitation any party named to, or owned 50% or greater in the aggregate by, any party or parties named
to OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN) list; any other U.S. or applicable non-U.S. government
list of sanctioned or prohibited parties; or located or domiciled in any jurisdiction subject to comprehensive U.S. economic sanctions.
Licensee shall not directly or indirectly export, reexport, or transfer any Licensed Product or Licensed Technology without first securing
any required U.S. or non-U.S. export authorization. Licensee assumes sole responsibility for determining whether any transaction involving
Licensed Products or Licensed Technology requires any export controls or sanctions authorization.

8

4. DEVELOPMENT
AND COMMERCIALIZATION

4.1 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts. Licensee shall be solely responsible for the development and commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in
the Territory, at its own cost and expense, including all non-clinical and clinical studies and collection of CMC Information, as necessary
to obtain Regulatory Approval for Licensed Products in the Territory. Licensee shall use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to develop
and commercialize Licensed Products on a schedule that is consistent with sound and reasonable business practices and judgment. Such efforts
include, but are not limited to:

(a) maintaining
a continuous effort for development, manufacture and sale of Licensed Products;

(b) obtain
all necessary governmental approvals for the manufacture, use and sale of Licensed Products in the Territory, in compliance with this
Agreement and under supervision of the Licensor;

(c) marketing
and promoting the Licensed Product in the Territory and in the Field according to the marketing plan approved by the Parties (Marketing
Plan) according to a mutually acceptable marketing agreement entered into by Licensee and the Licensor (Marketing Agreement);

(d) reasonably
filling the market demand for Licensed Products following commencement of marketing at any time during the term of the Licensed Agreement;

(e) implementing
and conducting technology transfer as required for the manufacture of Licensed Product in the Territory.

4.2 Specific
Milestones. In addition to the efforts described in Section 4.1, Licensee shall meet the following specific milestones:

(a) File
IND for a Licensed Product in the Territory within 12 months of the Effective Date; and

(b) Achieve
First Commercial Sale of Licensed Products in the Field the Territory within 48 months of the Effective Date.

Each of the events specified above will be referred to herein as a
Milestone Event, and Licensee will use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to achieve each of the Milestone Events prior
to the time deadlines specified above. The efforts of Affiliates and Sublicensees shall be deemed efforts of Licensee for the purpose
of determining Licensees compliance with this Section 4.2.

4.3 Failure
to Achieve Milestone Events. If Licensee is unable to meet any of Milestone Events set forth in Section 4.2 above, Licensor shall have
the option, in its sole discretion, to modify the Milestone Events or to terminate this Agreement.

4.4 Development
for Indications.

(a) Licensee
will develop and seek Regulatory Approval for the sale of Licensed Products in the Territory for the treatment of the Indications.

9

(b) For
the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall solely incur and be responsible for all costs of clinical trial arising in, or related to, the
Territory for the Licensed Product.

4.5 Development
Records. Licensee shall maintain complete, current and accurate records of all Data and other information resulting from Licensed Product
development activities conducted by Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees. Such records shall fully and properly reflect all work
done and results achieved in the performance of the development activities in good scientific manner appropriate for regulatory and patent
purposes. Licensee shall document all non-clinical studies and clinical trials in formal written study records in accordance with all
Applicable Law and in accordance with applicable national and international guidelines. All such Data shall be owned by the Licensor and
shall be provided to Licensor on a regular basis, as soon as practicable after each development milestone. Licensee shall, at its sole
cost and expense, promptly provide Licensor with copies of all Data and access to regulatory materials related to all Licensed Products
generated by or on behalf of Licensee or its Affiliates or Sublicensees in the performance of development activities of the Licensed Products.
In addition to the foregoing, Licensor shall have the right to review and obtain access to review the original Data to the extent necessary
or useful for regulatory or patent purposes upon reasonable notice to Licensee and at a time and location mutually acceptable to Licensee.
Licensee agrees to assign to Licensor, and hereby assigns to Licensor, from the moment of creation, all of Licensees right, title
and interest, in and to any Data, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein. All such Data shall be Licensors Confidential
Information and held by Licensee in confidence in accordance with Section 8. The amount of the royalty paid by Licensee to Licensor has
been determined by Parties in consideration of the circumstances set forth in this clause.

4.6 Reporting.

(a) Within
thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, Licensee shall provide to Licensor a written research and development plan under which Licensee
intends to research and develop the subject matter of the license granted hereunder. It is understood and agreed that such plan may be
amended by Licensee in view of the results of its research and development activities.

(b) No later
than thirty (30) days after May 31 of each calendar year, Licensee shall provide to Licensor a written annual progress report describing
progress on research and development, Regulatory Approvals, manufacturing, marketing and sales during the preceding twelve (12) month
period and plans for the forthcoming year (Progress Reports). Licensee shall also provide any reasonable additional data
Licensor requires to evaluate Licensees performance.

(c) If Licensee
at any time defaults in providing the written research and development plan or Progress Report when due hereunder and/or fails to provide
the written research and development plan or Progress Report within sixty (60) days after Licensees receipt of written request
therefor from Licensor, Licensor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon written notice to Licensee.

4.7 Data
Exchange. Licensor shall, at Licensees cost and expense, provide Licensee with copies of all Data and access to regulatory materials
related to all Licensed Products generated by or on behalf of Licensor its Affiliates or other licensees in the performance of development
activities of the Licensed Products outside of the Territory.

10

5. REGULATORY
MATTERS

5.1 Regulatory Responsibilities.

(a) Licensee
will be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the conduct of all regulatory activities required to obtain and maintain Regulatory
Approval of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, including the preparation and submission of all regulatory materials and
all communications and interactions with Regulatory Authorities as necessary to obtain Regulatory Approval for Licensed Products in the
Territory, and with the maintenance of any and all Regulatory Approvals.

(b) Licensor
shall provide reasonable assistance and cooperation to Licensee (subject to Licensees reimbursement of Licensors out-of-pocket
expenses related thereto). In order to address questions Licensee may receive from a Regulatory Authority in the Territory, Licensor will
assist in the preparation of responses based on information that would be found in: various technical reports, notebooks, executed batch
records, master batch records, SOPs, validation protocols and reports, vendor certificates, and third party study reports and other CMC
related documents not otherwise already provided to Licensee. Any such transfer of CMC Information as set forth in this Section 5.1 is
conditioned on Licensee establishing appropriate firewalls or equivalent means to ensure that such CMC Information is protected from unauthorized
disclosure and is used only for legal and regulatory compliance purposes and not for any other purpose. In furtherance of the foregoing,
Licensee shall ensure that any CMC Information provided by or on behalf of Licensor pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall only be disclosed
to those identified personnel of Licensee (or a designated agreed third party) who (a) have a need to know the same to comply with the
above obligations, and (b) have been fully informed of and acknowledge the highly sensitive and proprietary nature of such information
and the need to maintain its secrecy and avoid inappropriate usage or disclosure, by using the firewall or equivalent means.

5.2 Regulatory
Information Sharing. Licensee shall (a) provide Licensor with the English translations at Licensors cost, along with the original
documents (in the electronic format in which it has been prepared by Licensee), for Licensors review and approval, of all materials
prepared in connection with obtaining or maintaining any NDA approval for Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, prior to the
submission of such documents to the Regulatory Authority in the Territory; and (b) shall keep Licensor informed of any material verbal
or written communication or question relating to Licensed Products received by Licensee from the Regulatory Authority in the Territory.

5.3 Meetings.
Licensee shall lead all interactions with Regulatory Authorities in the Territory with respect to Licensed Products. Licensee shall keep
Licensor reasonably informed of any material regulatory developments related to Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

11

5.4 Right
of Reference to Regulatory Materials. Each Party hereby grants to the other Party the right of reference to all regulatory materials pertaining
to Licensed Products submitted by or on behalf of such Party. The receiving Party may use such right of reference solely for the purpose
of seeking, obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of Licensed Products in its respective territory. Each Party shall support the
other Party, as reasonably requested by such other Party and at such other Partys expense, in obtaining Regulatory Approvals in
such other Partys territory, including providing necessary documents or other materials required by Applicable Law to obtain Regulatory
Approval in such territory, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.5 Adverse
Event Reporting and Safety Data Exchange. The Parties shall promptly enter into a separate quality and technical agreement (the Quality
agreement) after the Effective date but no later than the date of commencement of a clinical study with respect to development
of any Licensed Product by Licensee in the Territory. No later than sixty (60) days before the commencement of a clinical study with respect
to development of any Licensed Product by Licensee in the Territory, the Parties shall define and finalize the actions that the Parties
shall employ with respect to such Licensed Product to protect patients and promote their well-being in a written pharmacovigilance agreement
(the Pharmacovigilance Agreement) for the development of the Licensed Product. Further, no later than one hundred eighty
(180) days before the anticipated launch date of any Licensed Product in the Territory, the Parties shall enter into a separate Pharmacovigilance
Agreement for the commercialization of the Licensed Product. These responsibilities shall include mutually acceptable guidelines and procedures
for the receipt, investigation, recording, communication, and exchange (as between the Parties) of adverse event reports, pregnancy reports,
and any other information concerning the safety of the Licensed Product.

6. PAYMENTS
AND REPORTS

6.1 Royalties.

(a) Licensee
shall pay Licensor [***] of Net Sales of Licensed Products by Licensee and its Affiliates and Sublicensee on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed
Product, country-by-country basis during the Royalty Period.

(b) Should
Licensed Products not be covered by any Valid Claims in a specific country, then the royalty rate for Net Sales in such country shall
be [***] of the rate set forth above in Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Sublicensing
Revenue. Licensee to pay Licensor [***] of Sublicensing Revenue by Licensee and its Affiliates during the term of this Agreement.

6.3 Combination
Products. If Licensee or its Affiliates or Sublicensee sell a Licensed Product that includes active pharmaceutical ingredients other than
those covered by the Licensed Patents, Licensed Know-How or Licensed Product IP that contribute significant and material value to said
Licensed Product (Combination Licensed Product), then in lieu of the royalty rate specified in Section 6.1, the applicable
royalty rate on the Net Sales of such Combination Licensed Product shall be calculated as the product obtained by multiplying the royalty
rate specified in Section 6.1 by the fraction A/(A+B), in which A is the value of the Licensed Technology licensed under this Agreement
and B is the value of the other includes active pharmaceutical ingredient(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the royalty rate
payable to Licensor for Net Sales of Combination Licensed Products ever be reduced to less than [***] of Net Sales of the Combination
Licensed Product. For purposes of this Section 6.3 the value of each active pharmaceutical ingredient contributing value
to the Licensed Product shall mean that components contribution to the combined value of the Combination Licensed Product. Furthermore,
carriers, diluents, solvents and other such constituents of a potential Licensed Product shall be deemed not to contribute significant
and material value to said Licensed Product.

12

6.4 Reports
and Payments.

(a) Within
forty-five (45) days of each calendar quarter during the term of this Agreement and following termination for so long as Net Sales of
Licensed Products take place as permitted, and within forty-five (45) days of expiration of this Agreement, Licensee shall provide Licensor
a report of Net Sales of Licensed Products and Sublicensing Revenues, as applicable, in sufficient detail, including: (a) the amount of
gross sales and Net Sales of Licensed Products, as applicable, on a country by country basis in the Territory, (b) an itemized calculation
showing the deductions from gross sales (by each major category as set forth in the definition of Net Sales herein) to determine Net Sales,
(c) a calculation of any reduction to the royalties as permitted, (d) a calculation of the amount of royalties due to Licensor in U.S.
Dollars, including the application of any exchange rate used, (e) the Sublicensing Income received by Licensee and its Affiliates in such
quarter, and (f) a calculation of the amount due for Licensors portion of Sublicensing Income due to Licensor in U.S. Dollars,
including the application of any exchange rate used.

(b) Payment
of the royalties specified in Section 6.1 and Licensors portion of Sublicense Revenue specified in Section 6.2 shall be made by
Licensee to Licensor on a quarterly basis, no later than sixty (60) days following the end of each calendar quarter, and in each case
will cover the quantity of Licensed Products sold by Licensee and/or its Affiliates or Sublicensee, as appropriate, and Sublicensing Revenue
received by Licensee and its Affiliates, during the preceding calendar quarter. After termination or expiration of this Agreement, a final
payment shall be made by Licensee covering the whole or partial calendar quarter.

6.5 Failure
to Make Payments. In the event Licensee fails to make any payment due and payable to Licensor hereunder, including but not limited to
royalties, Sublicensing Revenue payments and patent costs reimbursement, Licensor may, at its sole option, terminate this Agreement, in
accordance with the procedures and cure provisions of Section 11.

6.6 Form
of Payment. All payments due hereunder are expressed in and shall be paid by wire transfer or check payable in United States Dollars,
without deduction of exchange, collection or other charges, to Licensor, or to the account of Licensor at such other bank as Licensor
may from time to time designate by written notice to Licensee.

6.7 Interest.
In the event that any payment due hereunder is not made when due, the payment shall accrue interest beginning on the day following the
due date thereof, calculated at the annual rate of the sum of (i) two percent (2%) plus (ii) the prime interest rate quoted by The Wall
Street Journal (on website: https://www.wsj.com/market-data/bonds/moneyrates or such successor URL as may be used by The Wall Street Journal
during the term of this Agreement) on the date said payment is due, the interest being compounded on the last day of each calendar quarter;
provided, however, that in no event shall said annual interest rate exceed the maximum legal interest rate for corporations. Each such
payment when made shall be accompanied by all interest so accrued. Said interest and the payment and acceptance thereof shall not negate
or waive the right of Licensor to seek any other remedy, legal or equitable, to which it may be entitled because of the delinquency of
any payment.

13

6.8 Exchange
Rate. Conversion of payments from any foreign currency shall be made at the rate of exchange reported in The Wall Street Journal (on website:
https://www.wsj.com/market-data/currencies/exchangerates or such successor URL as may be used by The Wall Street Journal during the term
of this Agreement) on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter.

6.9 Taxes.

(a) All
payments due to Licensor shall be paid exclusive of, and without reduction for, any taxes arising, assessed or payable with respect to
such payments (other than U.S. income taxes due on Licensors income therefrom) which shall be the sole responsibility of, and paid
by, Licensee.

(b) If any
payment by Licensee to Licensor is subject to any withholding or similar taxes collected at the source, which Licensor or Licensee is
required to pay, or Licensee is required to withhold, Licensee shall: (i) pay Licensor a sum as to yield to Licensor, after payment of
such taxes, the full net amount due under this Agreement; and (ii) pay such taxes and file returns regarding such taxes under the relevant
rules and legislation to the applicable Governmental Authority in the Territory.

6.10 Records
And Inspection

(a) Licensee
shall maintain or cause to be maintained a true and correct set of records pertaining to the Net Sales of Licensed Products by Licensee
and/or its Affiliates or Sublicensee under this Agreement. Such records shall be kept at Licensees principal place of business
or the appropriate principal place of business of the appropriate Affiliate or Sublicensee to which this Agreement relates.

(b) During
the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Licensee agrees to permit an independent certified public accountant
or other independent agent selected and paid by Licensor, and reasonably acceptable to Licensee, to have access during ordinary business
hours to such records as are maintained by Licensee, or its Affiliates or Sublicensee, as may be necessary, in the opinion of such party,
to determine the correctness of any report and/or payment made under this Agreement. Such audits may be exercised no more than once in
any twelve (12) month period upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Licensee. Any and all information learned or acquired
by Licensors agent or accountant pursuant to any such inspection shall be treated the same as Confidential Information of Licensee,
in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 below. Before undertaking any such inspection, Licensors agent or accountant shall
agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Section 6.10 and Section 8. Licensor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless the
audit reveals an underpayment of royalty by more than five percent (5%). The cost of the audit shall be paid by Licensee if the discrepancy
is an underpayment of royalty by more than five percent (5%); if the discrepancy is an overpayment, Licensor shall refund to Licensee
the amount of such overpayment within fifteen (15) days after the audit. Licensee shall pay Licensor all amounts Licensor is entitled
to as determined by the audit, plus a one-and-a-half percent (1.5%) late fee on the amount due to Licensor, compounded monthly for each
month that the payment is late from the date originally due.

14

7. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY

7.1 Background
Intellectual Property. Each Party shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to any and all information, inventions, patents
and other Intellectual Property Rights owned or otherwise controlled by such Party outside of this License Agreement.

7.2 Patent
Prosecution and Maintenance.

(a) Licensor
shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to file, prosecute and maintain all Licensed Patents in the Territory. During the
term of this Agreement and provided Licensee continues to timely pay Ongoing Patent Costs (defined below) in accordance with section 7.3,
below, Licensor shall prosecute and maintain Licensed Patents in the Territory using counsel to be chosen by Licensor and to which Licensee
has no reasonable objection. For so long as Licensee continues to timely pay Ongoing Patent Costs in accordance with section 7.3, below,
Licensee shall be provided with copies of all documents relating to the filing, prosecution, and maintenance of Licensed Patents in the
Territory in sufficient time to review such documents and comment thereon, if desired by Licensee, prior to filing, provided, however,
that if Licensee has not commented on such documents prior to the deadline for filing a response with the relevant government patent office,
Licensor shall be free to respond without consideration of Licensees comments. Licensee shall keep this documentation confidential in
accordance with Section 8 herein.

(b) Licensor
may cease prosecution or maintenance of any Licensed Patent in the Territory that it is responsible for prosecuting or maintaining pursuant
to this Section on a country-by-country basis by providing Licensee written notice at least sixty (60) days in advance of any filing or
payment due date. If Licensor elects to cease prosecution or maintenance of the relevant Licensed Patent in a country in the Territory,
Licensee shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its sole discretion and cost, to continue prosecution or maintenance of such
Licensed Patent and in such country. If Licensee elects to continue prosecution or maintenance or elects to file additional applications
following Licensors election to cease prosecution or maintenance pursuant to this Section, Licensor shall transfer the applicable
patent files to Licensee or its designee and execute such documents and perform such acts at Licensees expense as may be reasonably
necessary to allow Licensee to initiate or continue such filing, prosecution or maintenance at Licensees sole expense. Notwithstanding
such filing, prosecution or maintenance of Licensed Patents at Licensees sole expense, such Licensed Patents shall remain the property
of Licensor and subject to the license granted herein.

7.3 Patent
Costs. The Parties shall on an annual basis in December agree on a budget for patent expenses in the Territory for the next calendar year.
Licensee shall reimburse Licensor on a quarterly basis, within forty-five (45) days after Licensee receives an itemized invoice therefor,
for all patent expenses incurred incident to the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Licensed Patents in the Territory after the
Effective Date (Ongoing Patent Costs).

15

7.4 Effect
of Licensees Discontinuing Payments.

(a) In the
event that Licensee decides not to continue to support the prosecution of any patent or patent application in the Territory, or the maintenance
of a patent within the Licensed Patents, Licensee will give Licensor at least sixty (60) days prior written notice of such election, except
in the case in which the decision not to support continued prosecution is in response to a communication from Licensor, Licensors patent
attorney, a patent office, or a foreign associate, relating to a deadline for taking action, in which case Licensees notice will be timely
if given within half the time remaining between receipt by Licensee of the communication and the deadline for taking action. No such notice
will have any effect on Licensees obligations to pay expenses incurred up to the effective date of such election. From and after
the effective date of such election, Licensor will have the right, but not the obligation, to pay for the prosecution and/or maintenance
of the patent application or patent which Licensee is discontinuing.

(b) Licensee
may freely discontinue payment of expenses for cause (i.e., official actions, prior art, legal decisions, or statutes or other expressions
of local law, which reasonably indicate that the material claims in the application or patent are or are likely to be unpatentable, unenforceable,
or invalid).

(c) Where
discontinuance of payments is not for cause (i.e., Licensee is unwilling to support and reimburse Licensor for all reasonable and necessary
patent expense related to the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Licensed Patents, which are likely to be patentable, enforceable,
or valid), from and after the effective date of such election, any such patent application or patent in any country in the Territory as
to which Licensee have elected to discontinue payment shall have the effect of excluding all patent applications or patents directed to
the same subject matter in the Territory thereof from Licensed Patents, and from the scope of the license granted under this Agreement.
All rights relating to such patent applications or patents shall revert to Licensor and may be freely licensed by Licensor to any other
person or entity.

7.5 Cooperation.
Licensor and Licensee shall cooperate fully in the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Licensed Patents and of all patents
and patent applications licensed to Licensee. Each Party shall provide to the other timely notice as to all matters which come to its
attention and which may affect the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance of any such patent applications or patents.

7.6 Patent
Marking. Licensee shall mark all Licensed Products made, used or sold under the terms of this Agreement, or their containers, in accordance
with the applicable patent marking laws.

7.7 Foreground
IP.

(a) Except
as set forth below, ownership of all Foreground IP shall follow inventorship.

(b) As between
the Parties, any Foreground IP generated, developed, conceived or reduced to practice (constructively or actually) specifically in connection
with the development or manufacture of any Licensed Product (Licensed Product IP) shall be solely and exclusively owned
by Licensor. Licensee shall promptly disclose all Licensed Product IP to Licensor in writing as soon as practicable following reduction
to practice. For clarity, Licensed Product IP shall be included in the Licensed Technology.

16

(c) As additional
consideration for the favorable financial terms and rights granted to Licensee hereunder, Licensee agrees to assign to Licensor, and hereby
assigns to Licensor, from the moment of creation, all of Licensees right, title and interest, in and to any Licensed Product IP
generated, developed, conceived or reduced to practice (constructively or actually) by or on behalf of Licensee, its Affiliates and any
Sublicensees, including their employees, agents and contractors, whether alone or jointly with Licensor and any of its Affiliates, including
their employees, agents and contractors, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein.

7.8 Affiliates,
Sublicensees and Subcontractors. Licensee shall ensure that each of its Affiliates, Sublicensees and subcontractors under this Agreement
has a contractual obligation to disclose to Licensor all Data and Foreground IP generated, invented, discovered, developed, made or otherwise
created by them or their employees, agents or independent contractors, and to provide sufficient rights with respect thereto, so that
Licensee can comply with its obligations under this Section 7.

7.9 Patent
Infringement

(a) In the
event that Licensor or Licensee learns of infringement of potential commercial significance of any Licensed Patent in the Territory, the
knowledgeable Party will provide the other (i) with written notice of such infringement and (ii) with any evidence of such infringement
available to it (the Infringement Notice). During the term of this Agreement, neither Licensor nor Licensee will notify
a possible infringer in the Territory of infringement or put such infringer on notice of the existence of any Licensed Patents without
first obtaining consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Licensee puts such infringer on notice of the
existence of any Licensed Patents with respect to such infringement without first obtaining the written consent of Licensor and if a declaratory
judgment action is filed by such infringer against Licensor as a result of such notice, then Licensees right to initiate a suit
against such infringer for infringement under Section 7.9(b) below will terminate immediately without the obligation of Licensor to provide
notice to Licensee. Both Licensor and Licensee will use their diligent efforts to cooperate with each other to terminate such infringement
without litigation.

(b) If infringing
activity of potential commercial significance of any Licensed Patent in the Territory by the infringer has not been abated within ninety
(90) days following the date the Infringement Notice takes effect and such infringement occurs within the Field, Licensee may institute
suit for patent infringement against the infringer. Licensor may voluntarily join such suit but may not thereafter commence suit against
the infringer for the acts of infringement that are the subject of Licensees suit, or any judgment rendered in that suit. Licensee
may not join Licensor as a party in a suit initiated by Licensee without their express respective prior written consent. If Licensor is
joined to a suit initiated by Licensee, Licensee will pay any costs incurred by Licensor arising out of such suit, including but not limited
to, any legal fees of counsel that Licensor respectively select and retain as a representative in the suit. Any suit initiated by Licensee
under this Section may only be settled as determined and instructed by Licensor.

17

(c) If (i)
the infringement of the Licensed Patents in the Territory takes place outside of the Field of Use, or, (ii) if the infringement the Licensed
Patents in the Territory takes place within of the Field of Use and within one hundred and twenty (120) days following the date the Infringement
Notice takes effect, the infringing activity of potential commercial significance by the infringer has not been abated and if Licensee
has not brought suit against the infringer or begun negotiations regarding the terms under which Licensee would grant a Sublicense to
the infringer, then, in each case, Licensor may institute suit for patent infringement against the infringer. If Licensor institutes such
suit, Licensee may not join such suit without Licensors consent and may not thereafter commence suit against the infringer for
the acts of infringement that are the subject of Licensors suit, or any judgment rendered in that suit.

(d) Any
recovery or settlement received in connection with any suit filed under this Section will first be shared by Licensor and Licensee equally
to cover the litigation costs each incurred, and next shall be paid to Licensor or Licensee to cover any litigation costs it incurred
in excess of the litigation costs of the other. In any suit initiated by Licensee, any recovery in excess of litigation costs will be
shared between equally between Licensee and Licensor. In any suit initiated by Licensor, any recovery in excess of litigation costs will
belong to Licensor. Licensor and Licensee agree to be bound by all determinations of patent infringement, validity, and enforceability
(but no other issue) resolved by any adjudicated judgment in a suit brought in compliance with this Section.

(e) No agreement
may be made by Licensee for purposes of settling litigation or other dispute that will involve any Sublicense in violation of Section
2.2(b)(ii).

(f) Each
Party will cooperate with the other in litigation proceedings instituted hereunder but at the expense of the Party who initiated the suit
(unless such suit is being jointly prosecuted by the Parties). The Party controlling the litigation proceedings shall keep the non-controlling
Party reasonably informed of the progress of such action.

(g) Any
litigation proceedings will be controlled by the Party bringing the suit, except that any settlement by Licensee is subject to the written
approval of Licensor. In no event may Licensee admit liability or wrongdoing on behalf of Licensor without Licensors prior written
consent.

8. CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1 Treatment
of Confidential Information. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of five (5) years after this Agreement expires or terminates,
a Party receiving Confidential Information of the other Party shall (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential Information to the same
extent such receiving Party maintains its own proprietary information (but at a minimum each Party shall use reasonable efforts); (b)
not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent of the other Party to this Agreement; and
(c) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement. A Party shall have no such obligation
with respect to any portion of such Confidential Information which:

(a) is publicly
disclosed by the disclosing Party, or is otherwise publicly disclosed without the fault of the receiving Party, either before or after
it becomes known to the receiving Party; or

18

(b) was
known to the receiving Party prior to when it was received from the disclosing Party, as evidenced by contemporaneous written records;
or

(c) is subsequently
disclosed to the receiving Party in good faith by a third party who has a right to make such a disclosure; or

(d) has
been published by a third party which had a right to do so; or

(e) has
been independently developed by the receiving Party without the aid, application or use of Confidential Information from the disclosing
Party, such independent development being performed solely by persons not having access whatsoever to the disclosing Partys Confidential
Information, as evidenced by contemporaneous written evidence of same; or

(f) is required
by law to be disclosed, but then only to the limited extent of such legally required disclosure; provided, however, that the other Party
shall be given prompt notice of any such legally required disclosure.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee may disclose Licensors
Confidential Information to the extent that such disclosure is reasonably necessary, in accordance with the term and conditions of this
Agreement, to (a) seek or maintain Regulatory Approval for Licensed Products, or (b) for compliance with applicable governmental regulations;
provided that, if Licensee intends to make any such disclosure, it shall give reasonable advance written notice to Licensor of such intention.
Furthermore, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall be construed to preclude Licensee from disclosing Licensors Confidential Information
to third parties in connection with the development and commercialization of Licensed Products including, without limitation, development,
marketing and promotion in connection therewith, or in the process of obtaining private or public financing, as long as such third party(ies)
agrees in writing to be bound by confidentiality provisions no less strict than those set forth in this Section 8.1.

8.2 Publicity.
Any publication, news release or other public announcement relating to this Agreement, including without limitation, entering to into
this Agreement, or to the performance hereunder, shall first be reviewed and approved by both Parties, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Either Party shall be entitled to disclose the substance of this Agreement to its shareholders (and to prospective shareholders
to whom its stock is offered for purchase) under a confidentiality agreement consistent with this Agreement. Each Party shall also be
entitled to provide a copy of this Agreement to applicable Governmental Authorities as expressly required under Applicable Law.

19

9. INDEMNITY
AND INSURANCE

9.1 Licensor
Indemnification. Licensor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
researchers, scientists, employees and agents (collectively, the Licensee Indemnitees) from and against any losses, claims,
damages, costs, and expenses (including attorneys fees) (collectively, Losses) to which any Licensee Indemnitee may
become subject as a result of any claim, demand, action, or other proceeding (each, a Claim) by any third party to the extent
such Losses arise out of or are incurred in connection with: (i) a breach of any of the warranties given by Licensor pursuant to this
Agreement; and (ii) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of or violation of Applicable Law by Licensor or its Affiliates; but excluding
Losses arising from or relating to the breach of this Agreement by Licensee or the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Licensee
Indemnitees.

9.2 Licensee
Indemnification. Licensee hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
researchers, scientists, employees and agents (collectively, the Licensor Indemnitees) from and against any Losses to which
any Licensor Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any Claim by any third party to the extent such Losses arise out of or are incurred
in connection with: (i) a breach of any of the warranties given by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) the development, manufacture,
use or sale of Licensed Products in the Territory; and (iii) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of or violation of Applicable Law
by Licensee or its Affiliates; but excluding Losses arising from or relating to the breach of this Agreement by Licensor or the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of any Licensor Indemnitees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such indemnity obligation
shall apply to any product liability or other claims, including without limitation, personal injury, death or property damage, made by
employees, subcontractors, or agents of Licensee, as well as by any customer, patient, hospital, doctor, or member of the general public
who buys or uses a Licensed Product. Licensee shall monitor customer complaints and shall be responsible for corrections, withdrawal or
alert notices.

9.3 Indemnification
Process, The Party that intends to claim indemnification under this Section shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party in writing of
any Claim in respect of which the indemnified Party intends to claim such indemnification, and the indemnifying Party shall have sole
control of the defense and/or settlement thereof, using counsel selected by the indemnifying Party. The indemnity obligations under this
Section shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any action with respect to a Claim if such settlement is effected without the
prior express written consent of the indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The indemnifying
Party may not settle or otherwise consent to an adverse judgment in any action with respect to a Claim that diminishes the rights or interests
of the indemnified Party without the prior express written consent of the indemnified Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed. The failure to deliver notice to the indemnifying Party within a reasonable time after notice of any such Claim, or the commencement
of any action with respect to such Claim, to the extent prejudicial to the indemnifying Partys ability to defend such Claim, shall
relieve such indemnifying Party of any liability to the indemnifying Party under this Section with respect thereto. The indemnified Party,
its employees and agents, shall at the indemnifying Partys expense, reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying Party and its legal
representatives in the investigation and defense of any Claim.

9.4 Insurance.
From and after the time that Licensee or any of its Affiliates begin human clinical trials on any Licensed Product, Licensee shall use
reasonable commercial efforts to obtain and maintain insurance covering the insurable interest of the clinical trials participants
related to harm to their life or health resulting from the conduct of a clinical trial of a pharmaceutical product for medical use , with
reputable and financially secure insurance carriers in an amount which is customarily carried by companies at a comparable stage of development
of new pharmaceutical products. Such coverage(s) shall be purchased from a carrier or carriers deemed reasonably acceptable to Licensor
and shall name Licensor as additional insured. Upon request by Licensor, Licensee shall provide to Licensor copies of said policies of
insurance.

20

10. WARRANTIES

10.1 Mutual
Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party, as follows:

(a) It is
a company or corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated;

(b) (i)
it has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; (ii)
it has taken all necessary corporate action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance
of its obligations hereunder; and (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a
legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party that is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally;

(c) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the license granted pursuant to this Agreement (i) do not and will not conflict with or
violate any requirement of Applicable Law existing as of the Effective Date; (ii) do not and will not conflict with or violate the certificate
of incorporation or by-laws (or other constitutional documents) of such Party; and (iii) do not and will not conflict with, violate, breach
or constitute a default under any contractual obligations of such Party or any of its Affiliates existing as of the Effective Date;

(d) Neither
such Party nor any of its Affiliates is under any obligation to any Person, contractual or otherwise, that is in violation of the terms
of this Agreement or that would impede the fulfillment of such Partys obligations hereunder;

(e) Neither
such Party nor any of its Affiliates is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws; and

(f) No authorization,
consent, approval of a third party, nor any license, permit, exemption of or filing or registration with or notification to any court
or Governmental Authority is or will be necessary for the (i) valid execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party; or (ii) the
consummation by such Party of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.2 Additional
Representations and Warranties of Licensor. Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee, as of the Effective Date, as follows:

(a) it has
the full right and power to grant the license to Licensee as set forth in this Agreement;

21

(b) Neither
Licensor nor any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees will employ or use the services of any Person
who is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws, in connection with activities relating to any Licensed Product; and in the
event that Licensor becomes aware of the debarment or disqualification or threatened debarment or disqualification of any Person providing
services to Licensor or any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees with respect to any activities relating
to any Licensed Product, Licensor will immediately notify Licensee in writing and Licensor will cease, or cause its Affiliates or its
or their respective sublicensee to cease (as applicable), employing, contracting with, or retaining any such Person to perform any services
relating to any Licensed Product;

(c) The
Licensed Molecule, as well as the Licensed Technology, are classified as EAR99 under U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR)
and do not require license for export to any countries or territories included in the Territory under the EAR.

10.3 Additional
Representations and Warranties of Licensee. Licensee represents and warrants to Licensor, as of the Effective Date, as follows:

(a) it shall
use the Licensed Technology in compliance with all Applicable Laws and guidelines promulgated by Regulatory Authorities in the Territory
and with all terms of this Agreement;

(b) Licensee
shall make no representations, warranties, guaranties, commitments, statements or covenants to any third party on behalf of Licensor with
respect to any Licensed Technology, and shall not seek to make any third party a third party beneficiary under this Agreement or represent
to any third party the existence of any such third party beneficiary rights; and

(c) Neither
Licensee nor any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees will employ or use the services of any Person
who is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws, in connection with activities relating to any Licensed Product; and in the
event that Licensee becomes aware of the debarment or disqualification or threatened debarment or disqualification of any Person providing
services to Licensee or any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees with respect to any activities relating
to any Licensed Product, Licensee will immediately notify Licensor in writing and Licensee will cease, or cause its Affiliates or its
or their respective sublicensee to cease (as applicable), employing, contracting with, or retaining any such Person to perform any services
relating to any Licensed Product.

10.4 Disclaimer
of Warranties.

(a) EXCEPT
AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, REGARDING OR WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY
OR LICENSED PRODUCTS.

(b) EXCEPT
AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, OF THE PATENTABILITY
OF THE LICENSED PATENTS OR OF THE ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY PATENTS ISSUING THEREUPON, IF ANY, OR THAT THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY OR LICENSED
PRODUCTS ARE OR WILL BE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.

22

10.5 Limitation
Of Liability. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM A BREACH OF A PARTYS
CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8 OR A BREACH OF THE LICENSE GRANT OR RESTRICTIONS AS SET FORTH UNDER SECTION 2 OR OF THE PROVISIONS
REGARDING LICENSED PRODUCT IP UNDER SECTION 7.

10.6 Cap
on Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF LICENSOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED
THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY LICENSOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

11. TERM
AND TERMINATION

11.1 Term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed
Product and country by country basis until the expiration of all of Licensees payment obligations to Licensor upon the lapse of
the Royalty Period.

11.2 Termination
by Notice. Notwithstanding any provision herein, Licensee may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, at any time by giving Licensor
at least sixty (60) days prior written notice. All rights and obligations of Licensee with respect to such patent(s) and patent
application(s) shall terminate.

11.3 Default
Remedies.

(a) If Licensee
at any time defaults in the payment of any sum when due hereunder and fails to make such payment within sixty (60) days after receipt
of written notice thereof by Licensor, Licensor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon written
notice.

(b) If either
Party at any time commits a breach of any of the terms, covenants or provisions of this Agreement (other than Licensees payment
obligations), including but not limited to, in the case of Licensee, its failure to achieve a Milestone Event in Section 4.2, and such
breaching Party fails to cure any such breach within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof by the non-breaching Party,
the non-breaching Party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon written notice.

(c) If Licensee
at any time commits a breach of any of the terms, covenants or provisions of the Marketing Agreement or otherwise defaults in adhering
to its obligations under the Marketing Plan adopted by the Parties and fails to cure such breach or default within sixty (60) days after
receipt of written notice thereof by Licensor, Licensor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon
written notice.

23

11.4 Unilateral
termination by Licensor. Licensor shall have the right, at its option, to terminate this Agreement at any time before Licensee obtains
Regulatory Approval, permanent or temporary, provided, however, that Licensor must reimburse Licensee 400% of the documented Development
Costs incurred by Licensee under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of any such termination.

11.5 Default
for Bankruptcy. Each Party shall have the right, at its option, to terminate this Agreement in the event that the other Party shall;

(a) file
in court or agency pursuant to any applicable state or federal petition in bankruptcy (other than dissolution or winding up for the purposes
of reconstruction or amalgamation) or if such party is served with an involuntary petition in bankruptcy, or

(b) make
an assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or

(c) in the
event that a receiver or trustee is appointed for the other Party and such Party shall, after the expiration of thirty (30) days following
any of the events enumerated above, be unable to secure a dismissal, stay or other suspension of such proceedings. In the event of termination
of this Agreement all rights to the Licensed Patents shall revert to Licensor.

11.6 Effect
of Termination or Expiration. Upon any termination of this Agreement, as of the date of termination set forth in Licensees termination
notice (in the case of termination by Licensee) or receipt by Licensee of notice of such termination (in the case of a termination by
Licensor) or expiration of this Agreement:

(a) Licensee
and its Affiliates shall immediately cease exploiting any of the Licensed Patents and return all copies of the same to Licensor and cease
production of all Licensed Products; provided, however, that Licensee, its Affiliates and each Sublicensee may dispose of any Licensed
Products manufactured as of the date of termination, and may complete manufacture of Licensed Products then in the process of manufacture,
and sell them, provided that Licensee shall pay to Licensor running royalties in accordance with Sections 6.1 with respect thereto and
otherwise complies with the terms of this Agreement; and

(b) Licensee
must, and hereby agrees to, transfer to Licensor all original of the Data and other information and records required to be maintained
by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, regulatory filings, material, and all known information about Foreground
IP and/or the Licensed Product, including how it is manufactured; as well as any information describing the clinical research plan for
the Licensed Product and the specific protocol for human clinical trials.

11.7 No
Waiver; Survival.

(a) No termination
of this Agreement shall constitute a termination or a waiver of any rights of either Party against the other Party accruing at or prior
to the time of such termination.

24

(b) The
obligations and rights of the Parties under Sections 1, 2.4, 3.1, 6.1 (for the duration of permitted Net Sales following termination),
6.6, 6.7, 6.8, 6.9, 6.10, 7.1, 7.7, 7.9, 8.1, 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 11.6, 11.7 and 12 shall survive expiration or termination
of this Agreement.

12. GENERAL
PROVISIONS

12.1 Independent
Contractors. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that each is an independent contractor and that neither Party shall be considered
to be the agent, representative, master or servant of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever, and that neither Party has any authority
to enter into a contract, to assume any obligation or to give warranties or representations on behalf of the other Party without the prior
written consent of the other Party. Nothing in this relationship shall be construed to create a joint venture, agency, partnership, fiduciary
or other similar relationship between the Parties.

12.2 Entire
Agreement. The terms and conditions herein constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and shall supersede all previous agreements,
either oral or written, between the Parties hereto and/or their Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof.

12.3 Non-Waiver.
The Parties covenant and agree that if a Party fails or neglects for any reason to take advantage of any of the terms provided for the
termination of this Agreement or if a Party, having the right to declare this Agreement terminated, shall fail to do so, any such failure
or neglect by such Party shall not be a waiver or be deemed or be construed to be a waiver of any cause for the termination of this Agreement
subsequently arising, or as a waiver of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or of the performance thereof. None
of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement may be waived by a Party except by its written consent.

12.4 Reformation.
Any provision of this Agreement, which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Should any provision of this Agreement
be so held to be unenforceable, such provision, if permitted by law, shall be considered to have been superseded by a legally permissible
and enforceable clause which corresponds most closely to the intent of the Parties as evidenced by the provision held to be unenforceable.

12.5 Modification.
No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Parties hereto and it expressly refers
to this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be varied, contradicted or explained by any oral agreement, course of dealing
or performance or any other matter not set forth in an agreement in writing and signed by the Parties.

12.6 Assignability.
Licensee shall not assign the license granted hereunder or this Agreement without the prior written consent of Licensor, which consent
may be withheld in Licensors reasonable sole discretion. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 12.6 shall be null
and void.

12.7 Force
Majeure. Except with respect to payment obligations due to Licensor, no liability hereunder shall result to a Party by reason of delay
in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Party, including, without limitation, acts of
God, fire, flood, war, civil unrest, labor unrest, acts of Governmental Authorities including any closures due to pandemics, or terrorism.

25

12.8 Notices.

(a) Any
payment, notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement shall be mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or
delivered by overnight delivery service addressed as follows or to such other address designated by written notice given to the other
Party or faxed to the other party if the sender has evidence of successful transmission:

If to Licensor:

Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation

8 The Green, Suite 8183

Dover, DE 19901, USA

Attn: Iain Dukes 

If to Licensee:

Viriom, Inc.

1450 Research Blvd, Suite 110

Rockville, MD 20850, USA

Attn: Ohan Barsamian

(b) Any
such payment, notice or other communication shall be effective upon confirmed receipt.

12.9 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws of California without
regard to conflicts of laws or rules of any jurisdiction without regard to its conflict of laws rules. No conflict-of-laws rule or Laws
that might refer such construction and interpretation to the laws of another state, republic, country or country shall be considered.

12.10 Dispute
Resolution.

(a) All
claims, disputes or controversies arising out of, in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, including any and all issues of
arbitrability of any such claim, dispute or controversy, and regardless of whether any such claim, dispute or controversy is based or
claimed to be based in whole or in part on a claim by either Party of breach of this Agreement by the other Party shall be exclusively
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures (Rules),
which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause.

(b) The
number of arbitrators shall be three.

(c) The
decision of the arbitrators shall be final, binding and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction and the Parties agree that
there shall be no appeal from the arbitrators decision. All statutes of limitation that would otherwise be applicable shall apply to
any arbitration proceeding. The right to arbitrate shall survive the termination of the Agreement.

(d) The
seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be San Diego, California.

(e) The
language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English.

26

(f) The
arbitrators shall apply the choice of law as set forth in Section 12.9 exclusive of its principles of conflicts of laws for determination
of the rights and remedies under the Agreement and for all aspects of the award hereunder.

(g) The
arbitrators shall have the power to award attorneys fees, costs and expenses to the prevailing Party in any such arbitration proceeding.

12.11 Headings.
The headings for each Section in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or
expand on the meaning of the language contained in the particular Section.

12.12 Language.
All interactions between Licensee and Licensor relating to this Agreement shall take place in the English language. All documents, instruction
and assistance that Licensor provides shall be in the English language.

12.13 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Signatures may be transmitted by facsimile, thereby constituting the valid signature and delivery of this
Agreement.

[Signatures on Next Page]

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed and delivered
this Agreement by their duly authorized officers and representatives effective as of the Effective Date.

Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation Viriom, Inc.

By: /s/ Iain Dukes By: /s/ Ohan Barsamian

Name: Iain Dukes Name: Ohan Barsamian

Title: Authorized Officer Title: General Manager

[Signature Page to the Exclusive
License between Lomond and Viriom (BCL-2)]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023164701ex10-2_lomond.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 13, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN LOMOND THERAPEUTICS OPERATING CORPORATION AND VIRIOM, INC. (FLT-3 VIRIOM LICENSE AGREEMENT)
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT
MATERIAL AND ARE THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN MARKED WITH
[***] TO INDICATE WHERE OMISSIONS HAVE BEEN MADE.

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Exclusive License Agreement (Agreement) is entered
into by and between Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation, a Delaware corporation, with an address at 8 The Green, Suite 8183,
Dover, DE 19901 (Licensor), and Viriom, Inc., a Maryland corporation, with an address at 1450 Research Blvd, Rockville,
MD 20850 (Licensee) and made effective as of February 13, 2025 (Effective Date). Licensor and Licensee may
hereinafter be individually referred to as a Party or collectively as Parties.

RECITALS

A. Licensor,
is the owner of the Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How (as such terms are defined below);

B. Licensee
desires to obtain a royalty bearing exclusive license in the Russian Federation, under the Licensed Patents and the Licensed Know-How
for the treatment of the Indications (as such term is defined below); and

C. Licensor
is willing to grant a royalty bearing exclusive license in the Russian Federation, under the Licensed Patents and the Licensed Know-How,
for the treatment of the Indications to Licensee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties (as defined below) hereto hereby
expressly agree as set forth below.

AGREEMENT

1.DEFINITIONS

1.1Affiliates means any Person of which (a) more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other equity ownership
thereof, whether directly or indirectly, is owned or controlled by, or under common control with, such Person, or which owns or controls
more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other equity ownership of such Person, provided that, in either of the foregoing,
if less than fifty percent (50%), the maximum percentage permitted by law, or (b) has other comparable ownership interest with respect
to any Person other than a corporation, or (c) has the power, whether pursuant to contract, ownership of securities or otherwise, to direct
the management and policies of such Person.

1.2Applicable Law means, with respect to a given country, the applicable Laws that may be in effect from time to time
in such country and that relate to a Partys activities under this Agreement, including any Laws of the Regulatory Authorities of
such country.

1.3CMC Information means information related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) of the
Licensed Products, as specified by the applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.4Commercially Reasonable Efforts means efforts and resources consistent with product or compound owned by it or to
which it has rights, which is of similar market potential at a similar stage in its development or product life, taking into account issues
of safety or efficacy, product profile, the competitiveness of the marketplace, the proprietary position of the compound or product, the
regulatory structure involved, the profitability of the applicable products, and other relevant factors.

1.5Confidential Information means any confidential information of a Party relating to any use, process, method, compound,
research project, work in process, future development, scientific, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, business plan, financial or
personnel matter relating to the disclosing Party, its present or future products, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, investors or
business, whether in oral, written, graphic, electronic, or any other form, which is marked confidential or designated by the disclosing
party as being confidential prior to disclosure or which is marked confidential and provided to the other Party within thirty (30) days
of such disclosure. For the avoidance of doubt, and regardless of whether marked as confidential or not, all Data, including, but not
limited to CMC data, and all Licensed Product IP shall be the Confidential Information of Licensor.

1.6Data means all data, including CMC data, experimental data, non-clinical data, preclinical data and clinical data,
generated by or on behalf of a Party or its Affiliates or their respective sublicensees pursuant to activities conducted under this Agreement.
For clarity, Data does not include any patentable inventions.

1.7Development Costs means with respect to the development of a Licensed Product, all documented direct costs incurred
by Licensee for as required under Sections 4 and 5 for (i) pre-clinical and clinical studies (including all phases) and all incurred investigator
fees, Data costs and site fees; (ii) submissions with Regulatory Authorities as necessary to obtain Regulatory Approvals for Licensed
Products in the Territory; and (iii) manufacturing scale-up, including development of manufacturing process and validation.

1.8Field means therapeutic uses of the Licensed Product for the treatment of the Indications in humans as monotherapy
or as co-administered in combination with small molecule drugs or biological drugs.

1.9First Commercial Sale means with respect to any Licensed Product and any country in the Territory, the first sale
of such Licensed Product, for use in the Field, to a third party in such country, after such Licensed Product has been granted Regulatory
Approval for use in the Field by the competent Regulatory Authorities in such country.

1.10 Foreground IP means any and
all data, results, discovery, finding, process, improvement, method, composition of matter, article of manufacture, patentable or otherwise,
that are developed, invented, reduced to practice, or otherwise generated by either Party exercising its rights or carrying out its obligations
under this Agreement, whether directly or via its Affiliates, agents, contractors or Sublicensees, including all right, title and interest
in and to the corresponding Intellectual Property Rights therein.

2

1.11 Governmental Authority means
any multi-national, national, federal, state, local, municipal, provincial or other Governmental Authority of any nature (including any
governmental division, prefecture, subdivision, department, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council, court or other tribunal).

1.12 IND means an Investigational
New Drug Application or equivalent application filed to commence human clinical testing of a Licensed Product with the applicable Regulatory
Authority.

1.13 Indications means Acute Myeloid
Leukemia.

1.14 Intellectual Property Rights
means patents, utility certificates, utility models, industrial design rights, copyrights, database rights, trade secrets, any protection
offered by law to Information, and all registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, combinations, divisions, continuations or reissues
of any of the foregoing.

1.15 Laws means all laws, statutes,
rules, regulations, ordinances and other pronouncements having the effect of law of any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial,
county, municipal, city or other political subdivision, domestic or foreign.

1.16 Licensed Know-How means any
tangible or intangible data, information, knowledge, methods (including methods of manufacture, use or administration or dosing), practices,
results, techniques, and trade secrets, including analytical and quality control data, analytical methods (including applicable reference
standards), assays, batch records, chemical structures and formulations, compositions of matter, formulae, materials, manufacturing data,
pharmacological, toxicological and clinical test data and results, processes, reports, research data, research tools, sequences, standard
operating procedures, and techniques, which are owned or controlled by Licensor or its Affiliates, as of the Effective Date or after
the Effective Date during the Term, which relate to the Licensed Molecule and which are necessary or useful for the development, manufacture
or commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

1.17 Licensed Molecule means the
FLT-3 inhibitor identified as Lomonitinib (ZE46-0134).

1.18 Licensed Patents means

(a)The patents and patent applications set forth in Exhibit A and any other patent application arising from Licensed Product IP;

(b) any divisional and continuation
of the patent applications arising from subsection (a), and continuation-in-part that contains a claim entitled to the benefit of the
priority date of the patent applications listed in subsection (a);

(c) the foreign patent applications associated with
the patent applications referenced in subsections (a) and (b);

(d) the patents issued from the patent applications
referenced in subsections (a) through (c); and

3

(e) the reissues, reexaminations, restorations (including
supplemental protection certificates) and extensions of any patent or patent application set forth in subsections (a) through (d).

1.19 Licensed Product means any
pharmaceutical preparation in the Field (i) that contains the Licensed Molecule, the manufacture, use or sale of which would infringe
any Valid Claim; or (ii) which otherwise contains the Licensed Molecule or any derivatives and modifications thereof, including salt
forms of any of the foregoing and formulations of any of the foregoing; or (iii) which otherwise is made or prepared using or incorporating
any of the Licensed Know-How or the Licensed Product IP, but which does not contain any compositions identified in the Patent Rights.

1.20 Licensed Technology means (i)
the Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How; and (ii) upon creation and assignment as required hereunder, Licensed Product IP.

1.21 NDA means as applicable, marketing
authorization applications, new drug application, biological license application, or product license application, as appropriate, filed
pursuant to the requirements of the applicable Regulatory Authority.

1.22 Net Sales means the gross amount
invoiced and/or received by Licensee or any Affiliate or Sublicensee for or in connection with sales of the Licensed Product(s) to any
person, entity or party that is not an Affiliate or Sublicensee, after deduction of all the following to the extent applicable to such
sales:

(a) all customary trade, case
and quantity credits, discounts, refunds or rebates reflected in written documentation;

(b) actual allowances or credits for returns, including
without limitation amounts received for sales which become the subject of a subsequent temporary or partial recall by a regulatory agency
for safety or efficacy reasons outside the control of Licensee to the extent that each is included in Licensees, an Affiliates
and/or a Sublicensees billings, provided, however, that amounts set aside for temporary recalls are added back to Net Sales should
the temporary recall be cancelled;

(c) cost of freight, postage, and freight insurance,
(if paid by the seller) to the extent that each is included in Licensees or an Affiliates billings; and

(d) sales taxes, value added taxes, excise taxes,
and customs duties directly imposed and with reference to particular sales.

A sale or transfer to an Affiliate or a Sublicensee
for re-sale by such Affiliate or Sublicensee shall not be considered a sale for the purpose of this provision but the resale by such Affiliate
or Sublicensee shall be a sale for such purposes. Any sale or transfer to an Affiliate or a Sublicensee for use in testing, clinical trials,
or as marketing samples shall not be considered a sale for the purpose of this provision but the resale by such Affiliate or Sublicensee
shall be a sale for such purposes. Any amounts received by Licensee, its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees in exchange for Licensed Products
transferred or provided to any third person or entity for use in testing, clinical trials, or as marketing samples to develop or promote
the Licensed Products are included in the definition of Net Sales.

4

1.23 Person means a corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity.

1.24 Regulatory Approval means,
with respect to a particular country, any approval, product, or establishment license, registration, or authorization of any Regulatory
Authority necessary for the commercial sale of a Licensed Product in such country.

1.25 Regulatory Authority means,
in a particular country, any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval in such country.

1.26Royalty Period means the period commencing upon the First Commercial Sale in the Territory and will continue, on
a country-by-country basis, for the later of (i) until the expiration of the last Valid Claim under any Licensed Patent covering or claiming
such Licensed Product in such country of the Territory; or (ii) for Licensed Products the manufacture, use or sale of which does not infringe,
or no longer infringes, any Valid Claim in a country in the Territory, twenty (20) years from the First Commercial Sale in such country.

1.27 Sublicense means an agreement
into which Licensee enters with a third party for the purpose of (i) granting certain rights under and to use the Licensed Technology
to make, use or sell such Licensed Product; (ii) granting an option to such rights; or (iii) forbearing the exercise of any rights, granted
to Licensee under this Agreement.

1.28 Sublicensee means, with respect
to any Licensed Product, a third party that obtains a Sublicense.

1.29 Sublicensing Revenue means
consideration of any kind and in any form received by Licensee or its Affiliates in consideration of Sublicenses granted pursuant to
this Agreement, except for the following exclusions: (i) payment or reimbursement for direct research costs applied to Licensed Technology
and conducted by or for Licensee, including costs of materials, equipment, or clinical testing, provided: a) such payments or reimbursements
are at fair-market value for the research performed; and b) the costs to be reimbursed or paid for, are incurred after the effective
date of an agreement with a Sublicensee; and c) Licensee is obligated to perform such research under the agreement with Sublicensee;
and d) such payments are characterized as reimbursement or payment as the case may be, in all accounting practices performed by or on
behalf of Licensee and the Sublicensee, (ii) an equity investment in or debt financing of Licensee (except to the extent such payments
exceed the fair market value of such securities on the date of receipt); (iii) as payment of or reimbursement for patent prosecution
or maintenance expenses actually incurred by Licensee, provided such payments are characterized as such payment in all accounting practices
performed by or on behalf of Licensee; and (iv) royalties received from Sublicensees associated with sales of Licensed Products by the
Sublicensees for which Licensee is paying a royalty to Licensor pursuant to Section 6.1 of this Agreement.

1.30 Territory means the Russian
Federation.

1.31 Valid Claim means a claim of
(i) a pending patent application included within the Licensed Patents, which claim is pending in good faith; or (ii) an issued patent
included within the Licensed Patents, which claim has not lapsed, been canceled or become abandoned and has not been declared invalid
or unenforceable by an unreversed and unappealable decision or judgment of a court or other appropriate body of competent jurisdiction,
and which has not been admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, disclaimer or otherwise.

5

1.32Additional
Definitions. The following table identifies the location of additional definitions set forth in the subsequent Sections of this
Agreement:

Defined Term Section

Claim 9.1

Combination Licensed Product 6.3

Infringement Notice 7.9(a)

Licensed Product IP 7.7(b)

Licensee Indemnitees 9.1

Licensor Indemnitees 9.2

Losses 9.1

Marketing Agreement 4.1(c)

Marketing Plan 4.1(c)

Milestone Event 4.2

Ongoing Patent Costs 7.3

Pharmacovigilance Agreement 5.5

Progress Reports 4.6(b)

Quality Agreement 5.5

value 6.3

2.
GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee during the term of this
Agreement, a royalty-bearing, terminable, revocable, exclusive license in the Field in the Territory, with the right to grant and authorize
sublicenses, under the Licensed Patents, Licensed Licensor Know-How and Licensed Product IP, to develop, make, have made, use, market,
sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit Licensed Products in the Territory for use in the Field.

2.2Sublicensing. The Licensee shall have a right to sublicense the Licensed Technology in accordance with this Section 2.2 and the
terms of this Agreement.

(a)For so long as Licensee is in full compliance with all of its obligations under this Agreement, and in each case subject to Licensors
approval which Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold or delay, Licensee may grant sublicenses under the Licensed Technology, but only
to the extent necessary to develop, make, have made, use, market, sell, offer for sale and import Licensed Products in the Territory
for use in the Field. Prior to the granting of any Sublicense, Licensee will provide Licensor with written notification of the name of
the intended Sublicensee, a brief description of the company, as well as a detailed term sheet containing the financial terms, the territory
and all the relevant legal terms of the Sublicense. Licensor shall, as soon as practicable following receipt of Licensees notice
and required documents, provide its approval or rejection of such proposed Sublicense. Licensee agrees to forward to Licensor a copy
of each fully executed Sublicense postmarked within thirty (30) days of execution of such agreement.

6

(b)Licensee will be responsible for its Sublicensees compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and Licensee will not grant
any rights which are inconsistent with the rights granted to and obligations imposed on Licensee under this Agreement. Any act or omission
of a Sublicensee, which would be a breach of this Agreement if undertaken or omitted by the Licensee, will be deemed to be a breach by
Licensee of this Agreement. With respect to Sublicense, Licensee shall:

(i)not receive, or agree to receive, anything of value in lieu of cash as consideration for the grant of the Sublicense from a third
party without the express written consent of Licensor;

(ii)grant any Sublicensee the right to further sublicense;

(iii)include an audit right by Licensor of the same scope as provided in Section 6.10;

(iv)to the extent applicable, include the relevant rights of and obligations due to Licensor and contained in this Agreement;

(v)to the extent applicable, include the relevant rights of and obligations due to Licensor and contained in this Agreement;

(vi)in the event of a breach by a Sublicensee, either (a) cure such breach in accordance this Agreement; or (b) enforce its rights
by terminating such Sublicense in accordance with the terms thereof;

(vii)require its Sublicensees to keep records and submit reports to Licensee of the same type and at the same time as required of Licensee
under Sections 4.5 and 4.6; and

(viii)collect and guarantee payment of all payments due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Sublicensees and summarize and deliver
all reports due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Sublicensees.

(c) Termination of the license granted to Licensee
under any of the provisions of Section 11 of this Agreement will terminate all Sublicenses that may have been granted by Licensee, unless
any Sublicensee elects to continue its Sublicense by advising Licensor in writing, within thirty (30) days of the Sublicensees
receipt of written notice of such termination, of its election, and of its agreement to assume with respect to Licensor all of the obligations
(including obligations for payment) of Licensee contained in this Agreement. Any Sublicense granted by Licensee will contain provisions
corresponding to those of this paragraph respecting termination and the conditions of continuance of Sublicenses.

2.3Reserved Rights. The license grant set forth in Section 2.1 will be further subject to, restricted by and non-exclusive with respect
to any license of inventions described or claimed in the Licensed Patents that Licensor is required by Applicable Law to grant to the
United States of America or to a foreign country or agency thereof, pursuant to an existing or future treaty between the United States
of America and any foreign country.

7

2.4No Other Rights. The license granted hereunder shall not be construed to confer any rights, other than those affirmatively granted
as set forth in Section 2.1, to Licensee by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any technology not specifically set forth in this
Agreement.

3.
GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE

3.1Compliance with Laws. Licensee shall at all times during the term of this Agreement and for so long as it sells imports, exports,
manufactures, uses, develops, distributes, markets or otherwise commercially exploits Licensed Products and/or Licensed Technology comply
and require its Affiliates and Sublicensees to comply with all Applicable Laws that control the import, export, manufacture, use, development,
sale, marketing, distribution and other commercial exploitation of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Technology or any other activity
undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

3.2Governmental Approval or Registration. If this Agreement or any associated transaction is required by the Laws of any country in
the Territory to be either approved or registered with any Governmental Authority, Licensee shall assume all legal obligations to do so.
Licensee shall notify Licensor if it becomes aware that this Agreement is subject to a government reporting or approval requirement anywhere
in the Territory. Licensee shall make all necessary filings and pay all costs including fees, penalties, and all other out-of-pocket costs
associated with such reporting or approval process.

3.3Export Controls and Sanctions Compliance. Licensee shall at all times during the term of this Agreement comply with all U.S. and
applicable non-U.S. export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including without limitation the Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) of the U.S. Department of Commerces Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), the sanctions
laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
and export controls and sanctions regulations of any other applicable governmental authority. Licensee shall not engage in any direct
or indirect transaction with any prohibited or blocked party, including without limitation any party named to, or owned 50% or greater
in the aggregate by, any party or parties named to OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN)
list; any other U.S. or applicable non-U.S. government list of sanctioned or prohibited parties; or located or domiciled in any jurisdiction
subject to comprehensive U.S. economic sanctions. Licensee shall not directly or indirectly export, reexport, or transfer any Licensed
Product or Licensed Technology without first securing any required U.S. or non-U.S. export authorization. Licensee assumes sole responsibility
for determining whether any transaction involving Licensed Products or Licensed Technology requires any export controls or sanctions authorization.

8

4.DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION

4.1Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Licensee shall be solely responsible for the development and commercialization of Licensed Products
in the Field in the Territory, at its own cost and expense, including all non-clinical and clinical studies and collection of CMC Information,
as necessary to obtain Regulatory Approval for Licensed Products in the Territory. Licensee shall use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts
to develop and commercialize Licensed Products on a schedule that is consistent with sound and reasonable business practices and judgment.
Such efforts include, but are not limited to:

(a)maintaining a continuous effort for development, manufacture and sale of Licensed Products;

(b)obtain all necessary governmental approvals for the manufacture, use and sale of Licensed Products in the Territory, in compliance
with this Agreement and under supervision of the Licensor;

(c) marketing and promoting the Licensed Product
in the Territory and in the Field according to the marketing plan approved by the Parties (Marketing Plan) according to
a mutually acceptable marketing agreement entered into by Licensee and the Licensor (Marketing Agreement);

(d) reasonably filling the market demand for Licensed
Products following commencement of marketing at any time during the term of the Licensed Agreement;

(e)implementing and conducting technology transfer as required for the manufacture of Licensed Product in the Territory.

4.2Specific Milestones. In addition to the efforts described in Section 4.1, Licensee shall meet the following specific milestones:

(a) File IND for a Licensed Product in the Territory
within 12 months of the Effective Date; and

(b) Achieve First Commercial Sale of Licensed Products
in the Field the Territory within 48 months of the Effective Date.

Each of the events specified above will be referred to herein as a
Milestone Event, and Licensee will use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to achieve each of the Milestone Events prior
to the time deadlines specified above. The efforts of Affiliates and Sublicensees shall be deemed efforts of Licensee for the purpose
of determining Licensees compliance with this Section 4.2.

4.3Failure to Achieve Milestone Events. If Licensee is unable to meet any of Milestone Events set forth in Section 4.2 above, Licensor
shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to modify the Milestone Events or to terminate this Agreement.

4.4Development for Indications.

(a) Licensee will develop and seek Regulatory Approval
for the sale of Licensed Products in the Territory for the treatment of the Indications.

9

(b)For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall solely incur and be responsible for all costs of clinical trial arising in, or related
to, the Territory for the Licensed Product.

4.5Development Records. Licensee shall maintain complete, current and accurate records of all Data and other information resulting
from Licensed Product development activities conducted by Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees. Such records shall fully and properly
reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of the development activities in good scientific manner appropriate for
regulatory and patent purposes. Licensee shall document all non-clinical studies and clinical trials in formal written study records in
accordance with all Applicable Law and in accordance with applicable national and international guidelines. All such Data shall be owned
by the Licensor and shall be provided to Licensor on a regular basis, as soon as practicable after each development milestone. Licensee
shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly provide Licensor with copies of all Data and access to regulatory materials related to all
Licensed Products generated by or on behalf of Licensee or its Affiliates or Sublicensees in the performance of development activities
of the Licensed Products. In addition to the foregoing, Licensor shall have the right to review and obtain access to review the original
Data to the extent necessary or useful for regulatory or patent purposes upon reasonable notice to Licensee and at a time and location
mutually acceptable to Licensee. Licensee agrees to assign to Licensor, and hereby assigns to Licensor, from the moment of creation, all
of Licensees right, title and interest, in and to any Data, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein. All such Data shall
be Licensors Confidential Information and held by Licensee in confidence in accordance with Section 8. The amount of the royalty
paid by Licensee to Licensor has been determined by Parties in consideration of the circumstances set forth in this clause.

4.6Reporting.

(a)Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, Licensee shall provide to Licensor a written research and development plan under
which Licensee intends to research and develop the subject matter of the license granted hereunder. It is understood and agreed that
such plan may be amended by Licensee in view of the results of its research and development activities.

(b) No later than thirty (30) days after May 31
of each calendar year, Licensee shall provide to Licensor a written annual progress report describing progress on research and development,
Regulatory Approvals, manufacturing, marketing and sales during the preceding twelve (12) month period and plans for the forthcoming
year (Progress Reports). Licensee shall also provide any reasonable additional data Licensor requires to evaluate Licensees
performance.

(c) If Licensee at any time defaults in providing
the written research and development plan or Progress Report when due hereunder and/or fails to provide the written research and development
plan or Progress Report within sixty (60) days after Licensees receipt of written request therefor from Licensor, Licensor may,
at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon written notice to Licensee.

4.7Data Exchange. Licensor shall, at Licensees cost and expense, provide Licensee with copies of all Data and access to regulatory
materials related to all Licensed Products generated by or on behalf of Licensor its Affiliates or other licensees in the performance
of development activities of the Licensed Products outside of the Territory.

10

5.
REGULATORY MATTERS

5.1Regulatory Responsibilities.

(a)Licensee will be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the conduct of all regulatory activities required to obtain and
maintain Regulatory Approval of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, including the preparation and submission of all regulatory
materials and all communications and interactions with Regulatory Authorities as necessary to obtain Regulatory Approval for Licensed
Products in the Territory, and with the maintenance of any and all Regulatory Approvals.

(b)Licensor shall provide reasonable assistance and cooperation to Licensee (subject to Licensees reimbursement of Licensors
out-of-pocket expenses related thereto). In order to address questions Licensee may receive from a Regulatory Authority in the Territory,
Licensor will assist in the preparation of responses based on information that would be found in: various technical reports, notebooks,
executed batch records, master batch records, SOPs, validation protocols and reports, vendor certificates, and third party study reports
and other CMC related documents not otherwise already provided to Licensee. Any such transfer of CMC Information as set forth in this
Section 5.1 is conditioned on Licensee establishing appropriate firewalls or equivalent means to ensure that such CMC Information is
protected from unauthorized disclosure and is used only for legal and regulatory compliance purposes and not for any other purpose. In
furtherance of the foregoing, Licensee shall ensure that any CMC Information provided by or on behalf of Licensor pursuant to this Section
5.1 shall only be disclosed to those identified personnel of Licensee (or a designated agreed third party) who (a) have a need to know
the same to comply with the above obligations, and (b) have been fully informed of and acknowledge the highly sensitive and proprietary
nature of such information and the need to maintain its secrecy and avoid inappropriate usage or disclosure, by using the firewall or
equivalent means.

5.2Regulatory Information Sharing. Licensee shall (a) provide Licensor with the English translations at Licensors cost, along
with the original documents (in the electronic format in which it has been prepared by Licensee), for Licensors review and approval,
of all materials prepared in connection with obtaining or maintaining any NDA approval for Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory,
prior to the submission of such documents to the Regulatory Authority in the Territory; and (b) shall keep Licensor informed of any material
verbal or written communication or question relating to Licensed Products received by Licensee from the Regulatory Authority in the Territory.

5.3Meetings. Licensee shall lead all interactions with Regulatory Authorities in the Territory with respect to Licensed Products.
Licensee shall keep Licensor reasonably informed of any material regulatory developments related to Licensed Products in the Field in
the Territory.

11

5.4Right of Reference to Regulatory Materials. Each Party hereby grants to the other Party the right of reference to all regulatory
materials pertaining to Licensed Products submitted by or on behalf of such Party. The receiving Party may use such right of reference
solely for the purpose of seeking, obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of Licensed Products in its respective territory. Each
Party shall support the other Party, as reasonably requested by such other Party and at such other Partys expense, in obtaining
Regulatory Approvals in such other Partys territory, including providing necessary documents or other materials required by Applicable
Law to obtain Regulatory Approval in such territory, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.5Adverse Event Reporting and Safety Data Exchange. The Parties shall promptly enter into a separate quality and technical agreement
(the Quality agreement) after the Effective date but no later than the date of commencement of a clinical study with respect
to development of any Licensed Product by Licensee in the Territory. No later than sixty (60) days before the commencement of a clinical
study with respect to development of any Licensed Product by Licensee in the Territory, the Parties shall define and finalize the actions
that the Parties shall employ with respect to such Licensed Product to protect patients and promote their well-being in a written pharmacovigilance
agreement (the Pharmacovigilance Agreement) for the development of the Licensed Product. Further, no later than one hundred
eighty (180) days before the anticipated launch date of any Licensed Product in the Territory, the Parties shall enter into a separate
Pharmacovigilance Agreement for the commercialization of the Licensed Product. These responsibilities shall include mutually acceptable
guidelines and procedures for the receipt, investigation, recording, communication, and exchange (as between the Parties) of adverse event
reports, pregnancy reports, and any other information concerning the safety of the Licensed Product.

6.
PAYMENTS AND REPORTS

6.1Royalties.

(a)Licensee shall pay Licensor [***] of Net Sales of Licensed Products by Licensee and its Affiliates and Sublicensee on a Licensed
Product-by-Licensed Product, country-by-country basis during the Royalty Period.

(b)Should Licensed Products not be covered by any Valid Claims in a specific country, then the royalty rate for Net Sales in such
country shall be [***] of the rate set forth above in Section 6.1(a).

6.2Sublicensing Revenue. Licensee to pay Licensor [***] of Sublicensing Revenue by Licensee and its Affiliates during the term of
this Agreement.

6.3Combination Products. If Licensee or its Affiliates or Sublicensee sell a Licensed Product that includes active pharmaceutical
ingredients other than those covered by the Licensed Patents, Licensed Know-How or Licensed Product IP that contribute significant and
material value to said Licensed Product (Combination Licensed Product), then in lieu of the royalty rate specified in Section
6.1, the applicable royalty rate on the Net Sales of such Combination Licensed Product shall be calculated as the product obtained by
multiplying the royalty rate specified in Section 6.1 by the fraction A/(A+B), in which A is the value of the Licensed Technology licensed
under this Agreement and B is the value of the other includes active pharmaceutical ingredient(s); provided, however, that in no event
shall the royalty rate payable to Licensor for Net Sales of Combination Licensed Products ever be reduced to less than [***] of Net Sales
of the Combination Licensed Product. For purposes of this Section 6.3 the value of each active pharmaceutical ingredient
contributing value to the Licensed Product shall mean that components contribution to the combined value of the Combination Licensed
Product. Furthermore, carriers, diluents, solvents and other such constituents of a potential Licensed Product shall be deemed not to
contribute significant and material value to said Licensed Product.

12

6.4Reports and Payments.

(a)Within forty-five (45) days of each calendar quarter during the term of this Agreement and following termination for so long as
Net Sales of Licensed Products take place as permitted, and within forty-five (45) days of expiration of this Agreement, Licensee shall
provide Licensor a report of Net Sales of Licensed Products and Sublicensing Revenues, as applicable, in sufficient detail, including:
(a) the amount of gross sales and Net Sales of Licensed Products, as applicable, on a country by country basis in the Territory, (b) an
itemized calculation showing the deductions from gross sales (by each major category as set forth in the definition of Net Sales herein)
to determine Net Sales, (c) a calculation of any reduction to the royalties as permitted, (d) a calculation of the amount of royalties
due to Licensor in U.S. Dollars, including the application of any exchange rate used, (e) the Sublicensing Income received by Licensee
and its Affiliates in such quarter, and (f) a calculation of the amount due for Licensors portion of Sublicensing Income due to
Licensor in U.S. Dollars, including the application of any exchange rate used.

(b)Payment of the royalties specified in Section 6.1 and Licensors portion of Sublicense Revenue specified in Section 6.2 shall
be made by Licensee to Licensor on a quarterly basis, no later than sixty (60) days following the end of each calendar quarter, and in
each case will cover the quantity of Licensed Products sold by Licensee and/or its Affiliates or Sublicensee, as appropriate, and Sublicensing
Revenue received by Licensee and its Affiliates, during the preceding calendar quarter. After termination or expiration of this Agreement,
a final payment shall be made by Licensee covering the whole or partial calendar quarter.

6.5Failure to Make Payments. In the event Licensee fails to make any payment due and payable to Licensor hereunder, including but
not limited to royalties, Sublicensing Revenue payments and patent costs reimbursement, Licensor may, at its sole option, terminate this
Agreement, in accordance with the procedures and cure provisions of Section 11.

6.6Form of Payment. All payments due hereunder are expressed in and shall be paid by wire transfer or check payable in United States
Dollars, without deduction of exchange, collection or other charges, to Licensor, or to the account of Licensor at such other bank as
Licensor may from time to time designate by written notice to Licensee.

6.7Interest. In the event that any payment due hereunder is not made when due, the payment shall accrue interest beginning on the
day following the due date thereof, calculated at the annual rate of the sum of (i) two percent (2%) plus (ii) the prime interest rate
quoted by The Wall Street Journal (on website: https://www.wsj.com/market-data/bonds/moneyrates or such successor URL as may be used by
The Wall Street Journal during the term of this Agreement) on the date said payment is due, the interest being compounded on the last
day of each calendar quarter; provided, however, that in no event shall said annual interest rate exceed the maximum legal interest rate
for corporations. Each such payment when made shall be accompanied by all interest so accrued. Said interest and the payment and acceptance
thereof shall not negate or waive the right of Licensor to seek any other remedy, legal or equitable, to which it may be entitled because
of the delinquency of any payment.

13

6.8Exchange Rate. Conversion of payments from any foreign currency shall be made at the rate of exchange reported in The Wall Street
Journal (on website: https://www.wsj.com/market-data/currencies/exchangerates or such successor URL as may be used by The Wall Street
Journal during the term of this Agreement) on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter.

6.9Taxes.

(a)All payments due to Licensor shall be paid exclusive of, and without reduction for, any taxes arising, assessed or payable with
respect to such payments (other than U.S. income taxes due on Licensors income therefrom) which shall be the sole responsibility
of, and paid by, Licensee.

(b)If any payment by Licensee to Licensor is subject to any withholding or similar taxes collected at the source, which Licensor
or Licensee is required to pay, or Licensee is required to withhold, Licensee shall: (i) pay Licensor a sum as to yield to Licensor,
after payment of such taxes, the full net amount due under this Agreement; and (ii) pay such taxes and file returns regarding such taxes
under the relevant rules and legislation to the applicable Governmental Authority in the Territory.

6.10Records And Inspection

(a) Licensee shall maintain or cause to be maintained
a true and correct set of records pertaining to the Net Sales of Licensed Products by Licensee and/or its Affiliates or Sublicensee under
this Agreement. Such records shall be kept at Licensees principal place of business or the appropriate principal place of business
of the appropriate Affiliate or Sublicensee to which this Agreement relates.

(b)During the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Licensee agrees to permit an independent certified
public accountant or other independent agent selected and paid by Licensor, and reasonably acceptable to Licensee, to have access during
ordinary business hours to such records as are maintained by Licensee, or its Affiliates or Sublicensee, as may be necessary, in the opinion
of such party, to determine the correctness of any report and/or payment made under this Agreement. Such audits may be exercised no more
than once in any twelve (12) month period upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Licensee. Any and all information learned
or acquired by Licensors agent or accountant pursuant to any such inspection shall be treated the same as Confidential Information
of Licensee, in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 below. Before undertaking any such inspection, Licensors agent or accountant
shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Section 6.10 and Section 8. Licensor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless
the audit reveals an underpayment of royalty by more than five percent (5%). The cost of the audit shall be paid by Licensee if the discrepancy
is an underpayment of royalty by more than five percent (5%); if the discrepancy is an overpayment, Licensor shall refund to Licensee
the amount of such overpayment within fifteen (15) days after the audit. Licensee shall pay Licensor all amounts Licensor is entitled
to as determined by the audit, plus a one-and-a-half percent (1.5%) late fee on the amount due to Licensor, compounded monthly for each
month that the payment is late from the date originally due.

14

7.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

7.1Background Intellectual Property. Each Party shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to any and all information,
inventions, patents and other Intellectual Property Rights owned or otherwise controlled by such Party outside of this License Agreement.

7.2Patent Prosecution and Maintenance.

(a)Licensor shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to file, prosecute and maintain all Licensed Patents in the Territory.
During the term of this Agreement and provided Licensee continues to timely pay Ongoing Patent Costs (defined below) in accordance with
section 7.3, below, Licensor shall prosecute and maintain Licensed Patents in the Territory using counsel to be chosen by Licensor and
to which Licensee has no reasonable objection. For so long as Licensee continues to timely pay Ongoing Patent Costs in accordance with
section 7.3, below, Licensee shall be provided with copies of all documents relating to the filing, prosecution, and maintenance of Licensed
Patents in the Territory in sufficient time to review such documents and comment thereon, if desired by Licensee, prior to filing, provided,
however, that if Licensee has not commented on such documents prior to the deadline for filing a response with the relevant government
patent office, Licensor shall be free to respond without consideration of Licensees comments. Licensee shall keep this documentation
confidential in accordance with Section 8 herein.

(b)Licensor may cease prosecution or maintenance of any Licensed Patent in the Territory that it is responsible for prosecuting or
maintaining pursuant to this Section on a country-by-country basis by providing Licensee written notice at least sixty (60) days in advance
of any filing or payment due date. If Licensor elects to cease prosecution or maintenance of the relevant Licensed Patent in a country
in the Territory, Licensee shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its sole discretion and cost, to continue prosecution or maintenance
of such Licensed Patent and in such country. If Licensee elects to continue prosecution or maintenance or elects to file additional applications
following Licensors election to cease prosecution or maintenance pursuant to this Section, Licensor shall transfer the applicable
patent files to Licensee or its designee and execute such documents and perform such acts at Licensees expense as may be reasonably
necessary to allow Licensee to initiate or continue such filing, prosecution or maintenance at Licensees sole expense. Notwithstanding
such filing, prosecution or maintenance of Licensed Patents at Licensees sole expense, such Licensed Patents shall remain the property
of Licensor and subject to the license granted herein.

7.3Patent Costs. The Parties shall on an annual basis in December agree on a budget for patent expenses in the Territory for the next
calendar year. Licensee shall reimburse Licensor on a quarterly basis, within forty-five (45) days after Licensee receives an itemized
invoice therefor, for all patent expenses incurred incident to the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Licensed Patents in the
Territory after the Effective Date (Ongoing Patent Costs).

15

7.4Effect of Licensees Discontinuing Payments.

(a)In the event that Licensee decides not to continue to support the prosecution of any patent or patent application in the Territory,
or the maintenance of a patent within the Licensed Patents, Licensee will give Licensor at least sixty (60) days prior written notice
of such election, except in the case in which the decision not to support continued prosecution is in response to a communication from
Licensor, Licensors patent attorney, a patent office, or a foreign associate, relating to a deadline for taking action, in which case
Licensees notice will be timely if given within half the time remaining between receipt by Licensee of the communication and the deadline
for taking action. No such notice will have any effect on Licensees obligations to pay expenses incurred up to the effective date
of such election. From and after the effective date of such election, Licensor will have the right, but not the obligation, to pay for
the prosecution and/or maintenance of the patent application or patent which Licensee is discontinuing.

(b)Licensee may freely discontinue payment of expenses for cause (i.e., official actions, prior art, legal decisions, or statutes
or other expressions of local law, which reasonably indicate that the material claims in the application or patent are or are likely to
be unpatentable, unenforceable, or invalid).

(c)Where discontinuance of payments is not for cause (i.e., Licensee is unwilling to support and reimburse Licensor for all reasonable
and necessary patent expense related to the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Licensed Patents, which are likely to be patentable,
enforceable, or valid), from and after the effective date of such election, any such patent application or patent in any country in the
Territory as to which Licensee have elected to discontinue payment shall have the effect of excluding all patent applications or patents
directed to the same subject matter in the Territory thereof from Licensed Patents, and from the scope of the license granted under this
Agreement. All rights relating to such patent applications or patents shall revert to Licensor and may be freely licensed by Licensor
to any other person or entity.

7.5Cooperation. Licensor and Licensee shall cooperate fully in the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Licensed Patents
and of all patents and patent applications licensed to Licensee. Each Party shall provide to the other timely notice as to all matters
which come to its attention and which may affect the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance of any such patent applications or
patents.

7.6Patent Marking. Licensee shall mark all Licensed Products made, used or sold under the terms of this Agreement, or their containers,
in accordance with the applicable patent marking laws.

7.7Foreground IP.

(a)Except as set forth below, ownership of all Foreground IP shall follow inventorship.

(b)As between the Parties, any Foreground IP generated, developed, conceived or reduced to practice (constructively or actually) specifically
in connection with the development or manufacture of any Licensed Product (Licensed Product IP) shall be solely and exclusively
owned by Licensor. Licensee shall promptly disclose all Licensed Product IP to Licensor in writing as soon as practicable following reduction
to practice. For clarity, Licensed Product IP shall be included in the Licensed Technology.

16

(c)As additional consideration for the favorable financial terms and rights granted to Licensee hereunder, Licensee agrees to assign
to Licensor, and hereby assigns to Licensor, from the moment of creation, all of Licensees right, title and interest, in and to
any Licensed Product IP generated, developed, conceived or reduced to practice (constructively or actually) by or on behalf of Licensee,
its Affiliates and any Sublicensees, including their employees, agents and contractors, whether alone or jointly with Licensor and any
of its Affiliates, including their employees, agents and contractors, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein.

7.8Affiliates, Sublicensees and Subcontractors. Licensee shall ensure that each of its Affiliates, Sublicensees and subcontractors
under this Agreement has a contractual obligation to disclose to Licensor all Data and Foreground IP generated, invented, discovered,
developed, made or otherwise created by them or their employees, agents or independent contractors, and to provide sufficient rights with
respect thereto, so that Licensee can comply with its obligations under this Section 7.

7.9Patent Infringement

(a)In the event that Licensor or Licensee learns of infringement of potential commercial significance of any Licensed Patent in the
Territory, the knowledgeable Party will provide the other (i) with written notice of such infringement and (ii) with any evidence of
such infringement available to it (the Infringement Notice). During the term of this Agreement, neither Licensor nor Licensee
will notify a possible infringer in the Territory of infringement or put such infringer on notice of the existence of any Licensed Patents
without first obtaining consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Licensee puts such infringer on notice
of the existence of any Licensed Patents with respect to such infringement without first obtaining the written consent of Licensor and
if a declaratory judgment action is filed by such infringer against Licensor as a result of such notice, then Licensees right
to initiate a suit against such infringer for infringement under Section 7.9(b) below will terminate immediately without the obligation
of Licensor to provide notice to Licensee. Both Licensor and Licensee will use their diligent efforts to cooperate with each other to
terminate such infringement without litigation.

(b)If infringing activity of potential commercial significance of any Licensed Patent in the Territory by the infringer has not been
abated within ninety (90) days following the date the Infringement Notice takes effect and such infringement occurs within the Field,
Licensee may institute suit for patent infringement against the infringer. Licensor may voluntarily join such suit but may not thereafter
commence suit against the infringer for the acts of infringement that are the subject of Licensees suit, or any judgment rendered
in that suit. Licensee may not join Licensor as a party in a suit initiated by Licensee without their express respective prior written
consent. If Licensor is joined to a suit initiated by Licensee, Licensee will pay any costs incurred by Licensor arising out of such
suit, including but not limited to, any legal fees of counsel that Licensor respectively select and retain as a representative in the
suit. Any suit initiated by Licensee under this Section may only be settled as determined and instructed by Licensor.

17

(c) If (i) the infringement of the Licensed Patents
in the Territory takes place outside of the Field of Use, or, (ii) if the infringement the Licensed Patents in the Territory takes place
within of the Field of Use and within one hundred and twenty (120) days following the date the Infringement Notice takes effect, the
infringing activity of potential commercial significance by the infringer has not been abated and if Licensee has not brought suit against
the infringer or begun negotiations regarding the terms under which Licensee would grant a Sublicense to the infringer, then, in each
case, Licensor may institute suit for patent infringement against the infringer. If Licensor institutes such suit, Licensee may not join
such suit without Licensors consent and may not thereafter commence suit against the infringer for the acts of infringement that
are the subject of Licensors suit, or any judgment rendered in that suit.

(d)Any recovery or settlement received in connection with any suit filed under this Section will first be shared by Licensor and Licensee
equally to cover the litigation costs each incurred, and next shall be paid to Licensor or Licensee to cover any litigation costs it incurred
in excess of the litigation costs of the other. In any suit initiated by Licensee, any recovery in excess of litigation costs will be
shared between equally between Licensee and Licensor. In any suit initiated by Licensor, any recovery in excess of litigation costs will
belong to Licensor. Licensor and Licensee agree to be bound by all determinations of patent infringement, validity, and enforceability
(but no other issue) resolved by any adjudicated judgment in a suit brought in compliance with this Section.

(e) No agreement may be made by Licensee for purposes
of settling litigation or other dispute that will involve any Sublicense in violation of Section 2.2(b)(ii).

(f)Each Party will cooperate with the other in litigation proceedings instituted hereunder but at the expense of the Party who initiated
the suit (unless such suit is being jointly prosecuted by the Parties). The Party controlling the litigation proceedings shall keep the
non-controlling Party reasonably informed of the progress of such action.

(g)Any litigation proceedings will be controlled by the Party bringing the suit, except that any settlement by Licensee is subject
to the written approval of Licensor. In no event may Licensee admit liability or wrongdoing on behalf of Licensor without Licensors
prior written consent.

8.CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1Treatment of Confidential Information. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of five (5) years after this Agreement
expires or terminates, a Party receiving Confidential Information of the other Party shall (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential
Information to the same extent such receiving Party maintains its own proprietary information (but at a minimum each Party shall use reasonable
efforts); (b) not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent of the other Party to this Agreement;
and (c) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement. A Party shall have no such obligation
with respect to any portion of such Confidential Information which:

(a)is publicly disclosed by the disclosing Party, or is otherwise publicly disclosed without the fault of the receiving Party, either
before or after it becomes known to the receiving Party; or

18

(b)was known to the receiving Party prior to when it was received from the disclosing Party, as evidenced by contemporaneous written
records; or

(c)is subsequently disclosed to the receiving Party in good faith by a third party who has a right to make such a disclosure; or

(d)has been published by a third party which had a right to do so; or

(e)has been independently developed by the receiving Party without the aid, application or use of Confidential Information from the
disclosing Party, such independent development being performed solely by persons not having access whatsoever to the disclosing Partys
Confidential Information, as evidenced by contemporaneous written evidence of same; or

(f)is required by law to be disclosed, but then only to the limited extent of such legally required disclosure; provided, however,
that the other Party shall be given prompt notice of any such legally required disclosure.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee may disclose Licensors
Confidential Information to the extent that such disclosure is reasonably necessary, in accordance with the term and conditions of this
Agreement, to (a) seek or maintain Regulatory Approval for Licensed Products, or (b) for compliance with applicable governmental regulations;
provided that, if Licensee intends to make any such disclosure, it shall give reasonable advance written notice to Licensor of such intention.
Furthermore, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall be construed to preclude Licensee from disclosing Licensors Confidential Information
to third parties in connection with the development and commercialization of Licensed Products including, without limitation, development,
marketing and promotion in connection therewith, or in the process of obtaining private or public financing, as long as such third party(ies)
agrees in writing to be bound by confidentiality provisions no less strict than those set forth in this Section 8.1.

8.2Publicity. Any publication, news release or other public announcement relating to this Agreement, including without limitation,
entering to into this Agreement, or to the performance hereunder, shall first be reviewed and approved by both Parties, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld. Either Party shall be entitled to disclose the substance of this Agreement to its shareholders (and
to prospective shareholders to whom its stock is offered for purchase) under a confidentiality agreement consistent with this Agreement.
Each Party shall also be entitled to provide a copy of this Agreement to applicable Governmental Authorities as expressly required under
Applicable Law.

19

9.INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

9.1Licensor Indemnification. Licensor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, researchers, scientists, employees and agents (collectively, the Licensee Indemnitees) from and against
any losses, claims, damages, costs, and expenses (including attorneys fees) (collectively, Losses) to which any Licensee
Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any claim, demand, action, or other proceeding (each, a Claim) by any third
party to the extent such Losses arise out of or are incurred in connection with: (i) a breach of any of the warranties given by Licensor
pursuant to this Agreement; and (ii) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of or violation of Applicable Law by Licensor or its Affiliates;
but excluding Losses arising from or relating to the breach of this Agreement by Licensee or the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of any Licensee Indemnitees.

9.2Licensee Indemnification. Licensee hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, researchers, scientists, employees and agents (collectively, the Licensor Indemnitees) from and against
any Losses to which any Licensor Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any Claim by any third party to the extent such Losses arise
out of or are incurred in connection with: (i) a breach of any of the warranties given by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) the
development, manufacture, use or sale of Licensed Products in the Territory; and (iii) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of or
violation of Applicable Law by Licensee or its Affiliates; but excluding Losses arising from or relating to the breach of this Agreement
by Licensor or the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Licensor Indemnitees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
such indemnity obligation shall apply to any product liability or other claims, including without limitation, personal injury, death or
property damage, made by employees, subcontractors, or agents of Licensee, as well as by any customer, patient, hospital, doctor, or member
of the general public who buys or uses a Licensed Product. Licensee shall monitor customer complaints and shall be responsible for corrections,
withdrawal or alert notices.

9.3Indemnification Process, The Party that intends to claim indemnification under this Section shall promptly notify the indemnifying
Party in writing of any Claim in respect of which the indemnified Party intends to claim such indemnification, and the indemnifying Party
shall have sole control of the defense and/or settlement thereof, using counsel selected by the indemnifying Party. The indemnity obligations
under this Section shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any action with respect to a Claim if such settlement is effected
without the prior express written consent of the indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The
indemnifying Party may not settle or otherwise consent to an adverse judgment in any action with respect to a Claim that diminishes the
rights or interests of the indemnified Party without the prior express written consent of the indemnified Party, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The failure to deliver notice to the indemnifying Party within a reasonable time after notice of
any such Claim, or the commencement of any action with respect to such Claim, to the extent prejudicial to the indemnifying Partys
ability to defend such Claim, shall relieve such indemnifying Party of any liability to the indemnifying Party under this Section with
respect thereto. The indemnified Party, its employees and agents, shall at the indemnifying Partys expense, reasonably cooperate
with the indemnifying Party and its legal representatives in the investigation and defense of any Claim.

9.4Insurance. From and after the time that Licensee or any of its Affiliates begin human clinical trials on any Licensed Product,
Licensee shall use reasonable commercial efforts to obtain and maintain insurance covering the insurable interest of the clinical trials
participants related to harm to their life or health resulting from the conduct of a clinical trial of a pharmaceutical product for medical
use , with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers in an amount which is customarily carried by companies at a comparable
stage of development of new pharmaceutical products. Such coverage(s) shall be purchased from a carrier or carriers deemed reasonably
acceptable to Licensor and shall name Licensor as additional insured. Upon request by Licensor, Licensee shall provide to Licensor copies
of said policies of insurance..

20

10.WARRANTIES

10.1Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party, as follows:

(a)It is a company or corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated;

(b)(i) it has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder;
(ii) it has taken all necessary corporate action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder; and (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes
a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party that is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally;

(c)The execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the license granted pursuant to this Agreement (i) do not and will not conflict
with or violate any requirement of Applicable Law existing as of the Effective Date; (ii) do not and will not conflict with or violate
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or other constitutional documents) of such Party; and (iii) do not and will not conflict
with, violate, breach or constitute a default under any contractual obligations of such Party or any of its Affiliates existing as of
the Effective Date;

(d)Neither such Party nor any of its Affiliates is under any obligation to any Person, contractual or otherwise, that is in violation
of the terms of this Agreement or that would impede the fulfillment of such Partys obligations hereunder;

(e)Neither such Party nor any of its Affiliates is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws; and

(f) No authorization, consent,
approval of a third party, nor any license, permit, exemption of or filing or registration with or notification to any court or Governmental
Authority is or will be necessary for the (i) valid execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party; or (ii) the consummation
by such Party of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.2Additional Representations and Warranties of Licensor. Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee, as of the Effective Date,
as follows:

(a)it has the full right and power to grant the license to Licensee as set forth in this Agreement;

21

(b)Neither Licensor nor any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees will employ or use the services
of any Person who is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws, in connection with activities relating to any Licensed Product;
and in the event that Licensor becomes aware of the debarment or disqualification or threatened debarment or disqualification of any Person
providing services to Licensor or any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees with respect to any activities
relating to any Licensed Product, Licensor will immediately notify Licensee in writing and Licensor will cease, or cause its Affiliates
or its or their respective sublicensee to cease (as applicable), employing, contracting with, or retaining any such Person to perform
any services relating to any Licensed Product;

(c)The Licensed Molecule, as well as the Licensed Technology, are classified as EAR99 under U.S. Export Administration Regulations
(EAR) and do not require license for export to any countries or territories included in the Territory under the EAR.

10.3 Additional Representations and Warranties
of Licensee. Licensee represents and warrants to Licensor, as of the Effective Date, as follows:

(a) it shall use the Licensed
Technology in compliance with all Applicable Laws and guidelines promulgated by Regulatory Authorities in the Territory and with all
terms of this Agreement;

(b)Licensee shall make no representations, warranties, guaranties, commitments, statements or covenants to any third party on behalf
of Licensor with respect to any Licensed Technology, and shall not seek to make any third party a third party beneficiary under this Agreement
or represent to any third party the existence of any such third party beneficiary rights; and

(c)Neither Licensee nor any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees will employ or use the services
of any Person who is debarred or disqualified under any Applicable Laws, in connection with activities relating to any Licensed Product;
and in the event that Licensee becomes aware of the debarment or disqualification or threatened debarment or disqualification of any Person
providing services to Licensee or any of its Affiliates or its or their respective licensees or sublicensees with respect to any activities
relating to any Licensed Product, Licensee will immediately notify Licensor in writing and Licensee will cease, or cause its Affiliates
or its or their respective sublicensee to cease (as applicable), employing, contracting with, or retaining any such Person to perform
any services relating to any Licensed Product.

10.4Disclaimer of Warranties.

(a)EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, REGARDING OR WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED
TECHNOLOGY OR LICENSED PRODUCTS.

(b)EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, OF THE
PATENTABILITY OF THE LICENSED PATENTS OR OF THE ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY PATENTS ISSUING THEREUPON, IF ANY, OR THAT THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY
OR LICENSED PRODUCTS ARE OR WILL BE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.

22

10.5Limitation Of Liability. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM THE OTHER PARTY ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM A BREACH OF A PARTYS
CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8 OR A BREACH OF THE LICENSE GRANT OR RESTRICTIONS AS SET FORTH UNDER SECTION 2 OR OF THE PROVISIONS
REGARDING LICENSED PRODUCT IP UNDER SECTION 7.

10.6Cap on Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF LICENSOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY LICENSOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

11.TERM AND TERMINATION

11.1 Term. The term of this Agreement shall begin
on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country by country
basis until the expiration of all of Licensees payment obligations to Licensor upon the lapse of the Royalty Period.

11.2Termination by Notice. Notwithstanding any provision herein, Licensee may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, at any time
by giving Licensor at least sixty (60) days prior written notice. All rights and obligations of Licensee with respect to such patent(s)
and patent application(s) shall terminate.

11.3 Default Remedies.

(a)If Licensee at any time defaults in the payment of any sum when due hereunder and fails to make such payment within sixty (60)
days after receipt of written notice thereof by Licensor, Licensor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted
herein upon written notice.

(b)If either Party at any time commits a breach of any of the terms, covenants or provisions of this Agreement (other than Licensees
payment obligations), including but not limited to, in the case of Licensee, its failure to achieve a Milestone Event in Section 4.2,
and such breaching Party fails to cure any such breach within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof by the non-breaching
Party, the non-breaching Party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted herein upon written notice.

(c)If Licensee at any time commits a breach of any of the terms, covenants or provisions of the Marketing Agreement or otherwise
defaults in adhering to its obligations under the Marketing Plan adopted by the Parties and fails to cure such breach or default within
sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof by Licensor, Licensor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all licenses
granted herein upon written notice.

23

11.4Unilateral termination by Licensor. Licensor shall have the right, at its option, to terminate this Agreement at any time before
Licensee obtains Regulatory Approval, permanent or temporary, provided, however, that Licensor must reimburse Licensee 400% of the documented
Development Costs incurred by Licensee under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of any such termination.

11.5Default for Bankruptcy. Each Party shall have the right, at its option, to terminate this Agreement in the event that the other
Party shall;

(a)file in court or agency pursuant to any applicable state or federal petition in bankruptcy (other than dissolution or winding
up for the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation) or if such party is served with an involuntary petition in bankruptcy, or

(b)make an assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or

(c)in the event that a receiver or trustee is appointed for the other Party and such Party shall, after the expiration of thirty (30)
days following any of the events enumerated above, be unable to secure a dismissal, stay or other suspension of such proceedings. In the
event of termination of this Agreement all rights to the Licensed Patents shall revert to Licensor.

11.6Effect of Termination or Expiration. Upon any termination of this Agreement, as of the date of termination set forth in Licensees
termination notice (in the case of termination by Licensee) or receipt by Licensee of notice of such termination (in the case of a termination
by Licensor) or expiration of this Agreement:

(a)Licensee and its Affiliates shall immediately cease exploiting any of the Licensed Patents and return all copies of the same to
Licensor and cease production of all Licensed Products; provided, however, that Licensee, its Affiliates and each Sublicensee may dispose
of any Licensed Products manufactured as of the date of termination, and may complete manufacture of Licensed Products then in the process
of manufacture, and sell them, provided that Licensee shall pay to Licensor running royalties in accordance with Sections 6.1 with respect
thereto and otherwise complies with the terms of this Agreement; and

(b)Licensee must, and hereby agrees to, transfer to Licensor all original of the Data and other information and records required to
be maintained by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, regulatory filings, material, and all known information
about Foreground IP and/or the Licensed Product, including how it is manufactured; as well as any information describing the clinical
research plan for the Licensed Product and the specific protocol for human clinical trials.

11.7No Waiver; Survival.

(a)No termination of this Agreement shall constitute a termination or a waiver of any rights of either Party against the other Party
accruing at or prior to the time of such termination.

24

(b)The obligations and rights of the Parties under Sections 1, 2.4, 3.1, 6.1 (for the duration of permitted Net Sales following termination),
6.6, 6.7, 6.8, 6.9, 6.10, 7.1, 7.7, 7.9, 8.1, 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 11.6, 11.7 and 12 shall survive expiration or termination
of this Agreement.

12.GENERAL PROVISIONS

12.1Independent Contractors. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that each is an independent contractor and that neither Party
shall be considered to be the agent, representative, master or servant of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever, and that neither
Party has any authority to enter into a contract, to assume any obligation or to give warranties or representations on behalf of the other
Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Nothing in this relationship shall be construed to create a joint venture,
agency, partnership, fiduciary or other similar relationship between the Parties.

12.2Entire Agreement. The terms and conditions herein constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and shall supersede all
previous agreements, either oral or written, between the Parties hereto and/or their Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof.

12.3Non-Waiver. The Parties covenant and agree that if a Party fails or neglects for any reason to take advantage of any of the terms
provided for the termination of this Agreement or if a Party, having the right to declare this Agreement terminated, shall fail to do
so, any such failure or neglect by such Party shall not be a waiver or be deemed or be construed to be a waiver of any cause for the termination
of this Agreement subsequently arising, or as a waiver of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or of the performance
thereof. None of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement may be waived by a Party except by its written consent.

12.4Reformation. Any provision of this Agreement, which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Should any provision
of this Agreement be so held to be unenforceable, such provision, if permitted by law, shall be considered to have been superseded by
a legally permissible and enforceable clause which corresponds most closely to the intent of the Parties as evidenced by the provision
held to be unenforceable.

12.5 Modification. No amendment
or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Parties hereto and it expressly refers to this Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement shall be varied, contradicted or explained by any oral agreement, course of dealing or performance or
any other matter not set forth in an agreement in writing and signed by the Parties.

12.6Assignability. Licensee shall not assign the license granted hereunder or this Agreement without the prior written consent of Licensor,
which consent may be withheld in Licensors reasonable sole discretion. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 12.6
shall be null and void.

12.7Force Majeure. Except with respect to payment obligations due to Licensor, no liability hereunder shall result to a Party by reason
of delay in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Party, including, without limitation,
acts of God, fire, flood, war, civil unrest, labor unrest, acts of Governmental Authorities including any closures due to pandemics,
or terrorism.

25

12.8 Notices.

(a)Any payment, notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement shall be mailed by certified or registered mail, postage
prepaid, or delivered by overnight delivery service addressed as follows or to such other address designated by written notice given to
the other Party or faxed to the other party if the sender has evidence of successful transmission:

If to Licensor:

Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation

8 The Green, Suite 8183

Dover, DE 19901, USA

Attn: Iain Dukes 

If to Licensee:

Viriom, Inc.

1450 Research Blvd, Suite 110

Rockville, MD 20850, USA

Attn: Ohan Barsamian

(b)Any such payment, notice or other communication shall be effective upon confirmed receipt.

12.9Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws of
California without regard to conflicts of laws or rules of any jurisdiction without regard to its conflict of laws rules. No conflict-of-laws
rule or Laws that might refer such construction and interpretation to the laws of another state, republic, country or country shall be
considered.

12.10Dispute Resolution.

(a)All claims, disputes or controversies arising out of, in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, including any and all
issues of arbitrability of any such claim, dispute or controversy, and regardless of whether any such claim, dispute or controversy is
based or claimed to be based in whole or in part on a claim by either Party of breach of this Agreement by the other Party shall be exclusively
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures (Rules),
which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause.

(b)The number of arbitrators shall be three.

(c)The decision of the arbitrators shall be final, binding and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction and the Parties
agree that there shall be no appeal from the arbitrators decision. All statutes of limitation that would otherwise be applicable shall
apply to any arbitration proceeding. The right to arbitrate shall survive the termination of the Agreement.

(d) The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall
be San Diego, California.

(e)The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English.

26

(f)The arbitrators shall apply the choice of law as set forth in Section 12.9 exclusive of its principles of conflicts of laws for
determination of the rights and remedies under the Agreement and for all aspects of the award hereunder.

(g)The arbitrators shall have the power to award attorneys fees, costs and expenses to the prevailing Party in any such arbitration
proceeding.

12.11Headings. The headings for each Section in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended
to limit or expand on the meaning of the language contained in the particular Section.

12.12Language. All interactions between Licensee and Licensor relating to this Agreement shall take place in the English language.
All documents, instruction and assistance that Licensor provides shall be in the English language.

12.13Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures may be transmitted by facsimile, thereby constituting the valid signature and
delivery of this Agreement.

[Signatures on Next Page]

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed and delivered
this Agreement by their duly authorized officers and representatives effective as of the Effective Date.

Lomond Therapeutics Operating Corporation Viriom, Inc.

By: /s/ Iain Dukes By: /s/ Ohan Barsamian

Name: Iain Dukes Name: Ohan Barsamian

Title: Authorized Officer Title: General Manager
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cik0001900520-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cik0001900520-20250213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cik0001900520-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cik0001900520-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56377

Entity Registrant Name Lomond Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001900520

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2959575

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8 The Green Ste 8490

Entity Address, City or Town Dover

Entity Address, State or Province DE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19901

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 739-6400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 55 NE 5th Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 401

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33432

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://venetian1acquisitioncorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0001900520-20250213.xsd 
cik0001900520-20250213_def.xml 
cik0001900520-20250213_lab.xml 
cik0001900520-20250213_pre.xml 
ea0231647-8k_lomond.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015735-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0231647-8k_lomond_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001900520 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001900520 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001900520 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
Lomond Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
000-56377 
87-2959575 
8 The Green Ste 8490 
Dover 
DE 
19901 
212 
739-6400 
Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp 
55 NE 5th Ave. 
Suite 401 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33432 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>