<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-038729.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-038729.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424170024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-038729
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250423
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stagwell Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000876883
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				980364441
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13718
		FILM NUMBER:		25868726

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER, FLOOR 65
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646 429 1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WORLD TRADE CENTER, FLOOR 65
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC Stagwell Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDC CORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2513100d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000087688300008768832025-04-232025-04-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 23, 2025

STAGWELL INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

Delaware 001-13718 86-1390679

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One
World Trade Center, Floor 65

New
York, NY10007

(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)

(646)
429-1800

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.001 par value STGW NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 23, 2025, certain
subsidiaries of Stagwell Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered
into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), by and
among Stagwell Marketing Group LLC, Stagwell Global LLC and Maxxcom LLC (together, the Borrowers), the other Loan
Parties, Lenders and Issuing Banks (each as defined therein) party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent thereunder.
The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amends and restates that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2,
2021, as heretofore amended or modified from time to time (the Existing Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrowers,
the other Loan Parties, Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto, and the Administrative Agent.

The
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of April 23, 2025, amends and restates the Existing Credit Agreement,
to, among other things, (i) provide additional revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $110.0 million for a total
of $750.0 million; (ii) extend the maturity date to April 23, 2030; (iii) amend the applicable margin used to calculate the
interest rate or borrowings thereunder; and (iv) make any other changes or modifications as agreed with the Lenders.

The foregoing description
of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by
reference to, the full text of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The description of the Credit
Agreement set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1* Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2025, by and among Stagwell Marketing Group LLC, Stagwell Global LLC, Maxxcom LLC, as the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Issuing Banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain schedules and attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to provide, on a supplemental basis, a copy of any omitted schedules and attachments
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 24, 2025

STAGWELL INC. 

By: /s/ Peter McElligott

Peter McElligott

General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2513100d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

April 23, 2025,

among

STAGWELL MARKETING GROUP LLC,

STAGWELL GLOBAL LLC, and

MAXXCOM LLC,

as Borrowers,

The other parties from time to time party hereto
as Borrowers,

The other Loan Parties from time to time party
hereto,

The Lenders Party Hereto

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent, and

THE OTHER AGENTS PARTY HERETO

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO SECURITIES,
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers,

and

M&T BANK

as Documentation Agent

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I Definitions 2

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 2

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 49

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 49

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 50

SECTION 1.05. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 51

SECTION 1.06. Rounding 51

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notifications 51

SECTION 1.08. Divisions 51

SECTION 1.09. Letters of Credit 52

ARTICLE II The Credits 52

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 52

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 53

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 54

SECTION 2.04. [Section Intentionally Omitted] 55

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 55

SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 57

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 63

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 63

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments 65

SECTION 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt 68

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 68

SECTION 2.12. Fees 69

SECTION 2.13. Interest 70

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 72

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 75

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 76

SECTION 2.17. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 77

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Setoffs 81

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 84

SECTION 2.20. Defaulting Lenders 85

SECTION 2.21. Returned Payments 87

SECTION 2.22. Banking Services and Swap Agreements 88

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 88

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers 88

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 88

-i-

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 88

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 89

SECTION 3.05. Properties 89

SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 89

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default 90

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 90

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 90

SECTION 3.10. ERISA 90

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 90

SECTION 3.12. Material Agreements 91

SECTION 3.13. Solvency 91

SECTION 3.14. Insurance 91

SECTION 3.15. Capitalization and Subsidiaries 91

SECTION 3.16. Security Interest in Collateral 92

SECTION 3.17. Employment Matters 92

SECTION 3.18. Margin Regulations 92

SECTION 3.19. Use of Proceeds 92

SECTION 3.20. No Burdensome Restrictions 92

SECTION 3.21. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 92

SECTION 3.22. Affiliate Transactions 93

SECTION 3.23. Affected Financial Institutions 93

SECTION 3.24. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 93

SECTION 3.25. Common Enterprise 93

SECTION 3.26. Covered Entity 93

SECTION 3.27. Beneficial Ownership 93

ARTICLE IV Conditions 94

SECTION 4.01. Restatement Date 94

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 96

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 97

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 97

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 98

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 99

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 99

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties 100

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 100

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 100

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 100

SECTION 5.09. Accuracy of Information 101

SECTION 5.10. Insurance 101

SECTION 5.11. Casualty and Condemnation 102

SECTION 5.12. People With Significant Control Regime (United Kingdom) 102

SECTION 5.13. Depository Banks 102

SECTION 5.14. Additional Collateral; Further Assurances 102

ii

SECTION 5.15. Post-Closing Requirements 104

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 104

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 104

SECTION 6.02. Liens 106

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 107

SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 108

SECTION 6.05. Asset Sales 111

SECTION 6.06. Sale and Leaseback Transactions 112

SECTION 6.07. Swap Agreements 113

SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 113

SECTION 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates 115

SECTION 6.10. Restrictive Agreements 116

SECTION 6.11. Amendment of Material Documents 116

SECTION 6.12. Financial Covenants 117

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 117

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 120

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 120

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc. 123

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 125

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 126

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 126

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 127

SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters 130

SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding 131

SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters 132

SECTION 8.10. Flood Laws 133

SECTION 8.11. Borrower Communications 133

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 135

SECTION 9.01. Notices 135

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 136

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 139

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 141

SECTION 9.05. Survival 145

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 146

SECTION 9.07. Severability 147

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 147

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 148

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 149

SECTION 9.11. Headings 149

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 149

iii

SECTION 9.13. Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 151

SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act 151

SECTION 9.15. Disclosure 151

SECTION 9.16. Appointment for Perfection 151

SECTION 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation 151

SECTION 9.18. No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 152

SECTION 9.19. Marketing Consent. 152

SECTION 9.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 153

SECTION 9.21. Judgment Currency 153

SECTION 9.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 154

SECTION 9.23. Mortgaged Real Property 154

SECTION 9.24. Joint and Several 155

SECTION 9.25. Amendment and Restatement 156

ARTICLE X Loan Guaranty 157

SECTION 10.01. Guaranty 157

SECTION 10.02. Guaranty of Payment 157

SECTION 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 157

SECTION 10.04. Defenses Waived 158

SECTION 10.05. Rights of Subrogation 158

SECTION 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 158

SECTION 10.07. Information 159

SECTION 10.08. Termination 159

SECTION 10.09. Taxes 160

SECTION 10.10. Maximum Liability 160

SECTION 10.11. Contribution 160

SECTION 10.12. Liability Cumulative 161

SECTION 10.13. Keepwell 161

ARTICLE XI The Borrower Representative 161

SECTION 11.01. Appointment; Nature of Relationship 161

SECTION 11.02. Powers 162

SECTION 11.03. Employment of Agents 162

SECTION 11.04. Notices 162

SECTION 11.05. Successor Borrower Representative 162

SECTION 11.06. Execution of Loan Documents 162

iv

SCHEDULES: 

Commitment Schedule 

Schedule 1.01 Banking Services and Swap Agreements 

Schedule 1.01(b) Existing Letters of Credit 

Schedule 3.05 Properties etc. 

Schedule 3.06 Disclosed Matters 

Schedule 3.09 Taxes 

Schedule 3.12 Material Agreements 

Schedule 3.14 Insurance 

Schedule 3.15 Capitalization and Subsidiaries 

Schedule 3.22 Affiliate Transactions 

Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Requirements 

Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 

Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 

Schedule 6.04 Existing Investments 

Schedule 6.05 Asset Sales 

Schedule 6.10 Existing Restrictions 

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B Borrowing Request

Exhibit C-1
U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-2
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-3
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-4
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit D Compliance Certificate

Exhibit E Joinder Agreement

v

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of April 23, 2025 (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, this Agreement),
among STAGWELL MARKETING GROUP LLC (Stagwell Marketing), STAGWELL GLOBAL LLC (Stagwell Global),
MAXXCOM LLC (Maxxcom; Stagwell Marketing, Stagwell Global, and Maxxcom, each individually and collectively, a Borrower
and the Borrowers as the context requires), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

WHEREAS, Stagwell Marketing,
as borrower (the Original Borrower), the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto (the Original
Lenders) and the Administrative Agent were parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2019 (the
Original Effective Date) (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the
First Restatement Date (as defined below), the Original Credit Agreement), pursuant to which the Original Lenders
agreed to make available to the Original Borrower certain loans and other financial accommodations;

WHEREAS, Stagwell Marketing,
Stagwell Global and Maxxcom, collectively, as borrowers (the Existing Borrowers), the other Loan Parties party thereto,
the Lenders party thereto (the Existing Lenders) and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 2, 2021 (the First Restatement Date) (as amended, restated,
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement), pursuant
to which the Existing Lenders have agreed to make available to the Existing Borrowers certain loans and other financial accommodations;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Borrowers and certain of their respective affiliates executed and delivered the Collateral
Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the payment and performance of
the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the
other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent wish to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, (i) the Borrowers,
the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent intend that (a) this Agreement amend and restate the Existing Credit
Agreement without causing a substitution, refinancing or novation of the existing obligations thereunder, and (b) the Existing Borrowers
and the Loan Parties obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue to exist under, and to be evidenced by, this
Agreement; and (ii) each Loan Party (as defined herein) acknowledges and agrees that the security interests and Liens (as defined
in the Existing Credit Agreement) granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Collateral Documents
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), shall remain outstanding and in full force and effect, without interruption or impairment
of any kind, in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement, and shall continue to secure the Obligations (as defined herein);

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and
the Administrative Agent agree that the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

1

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

ABR,
when used in reference to (a) a rate of interest, refers to the Alternate Base Rate, and (b) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.
All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars.

Account
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.

Account Debtor
means any Person obligated on an Account.

Acquisition
means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Restatement Date, by which any Loan Party (a) acquires
any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or
(b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a
majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which has ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other
similar management personnel of a Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person.

Additional Currency
LC Disbursement means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to an Additional Currency Letter of Credit.

Additional Currency
LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of all Additional Currency Letters of Credit at such
time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all Additional Currency LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf
of a Borrower at such time.

Additional Currency
Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit to be issued by the Issuing Bank in an Alternative Currency that has been agreed
among the Borrowers, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent.

Additional Lender
means, at any time, any bank, other financial institution or investor that, in any case, is not an existing Lender, but would not be prohibited
to become party hereto as a Lender through assignment, and that agrees to provide any portion of any increase in the Revolving Commitments
in accordance with Section 2.09; provided that each Additional Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative
Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), to the extent any such consent would be required from the
Administrative Agent under Section 9.04 for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender.

2

Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SOFR; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so
determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Adjusted EURIBOR
Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per
annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that,
if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%.

Adjusted Term SOFR
Rate means for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period;
provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the
Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Administrative Agent
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the
Lenders hereunder.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or
is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person.

Agent-Related Person
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d).

Aggregate Credit
Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Credit Exposure of all the Lenders at such time.

Aggregate Revolving
Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders at such time (with the Swingline Exposure
of each Lender calculated assuming that all of the Lenders have funded their participations in all Swingline Loans outstanding at such
time).

Agreed Currencies
means Dollars and each Alternative Currency.

Agreement
has the meaning specified in introductory paragraph hereof.

Alternate Base Rate
means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in
effect on such day plus of 1%, and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period as published two (2) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1%, provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term
SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or
any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference
Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate
shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate,
respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the
avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base
Rate shall be the greater of clause (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall
be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

3

Alternative Currency
means Sterling or Euro, or, with respect to Letters of Credit only, Saudi Riyal and any additional currencies determined after the Restatement
Date by mutual agreement of the Borrowers, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent.

Ancillary Document
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b).

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

Anti-Terrorism Laws
means all laws relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, money laundering or bribery, and
any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws, all as amended, supplemented or replaced from
time to time.

Applicable Parties
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c).

Applicable Percentage
means, at any time with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lenders Revolving
Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time (provided that, if the Revolving
Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon such Lenders share of the Aggregate
Revolving Exposure at such time); provided that, in accordance with Section 2.20, so long as any Lender shall be a
Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations above.

Applicable Rate
means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, RFR Revolving Loan or CBR Loan, or with respect to
the Letter of Credit Fee and the Commitment Fee payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under
the caption ABR Spread, Term Benchmark Spread, RFR Spread, CBR Spread or Commitment
Fee, as the case may be, based upon the Companys Total Leverage Ratio as of the most recent determination date, provided
that until the delivery to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 5.01, of the Companys consolidated financial
information for the Companys first fiscal quarter ending after the Restatement Date, the Applicable Rate shall be
the applicable rates per annum set forth below in Category 3:

4

Total Leverage Ratio ABR Spread Term

Benchmark

Spread RFR Spread CBR Spread Commitment

Fee 

Category 1

< 1.75 to 1.0 0.3500 % 1.3500 % 1.3826 % 1.3826 % 0.1375 %

Category 2

>_1.75 to 1.0 but 

<2.75
to 1.0 0.6000 % 1.6000 % 1.6326 % 1.6326 % 0.1875 %

Category 3

>_2.75 to 1.0 but 

<3.75
to 1.0 0.8750 % 1.8500 % 1.8826 % 1.8826 % 0.2375 %

Category 4

>_3.75 to 1.0 1.1000 % 2.1000 % 2.1326 % 2.1326 % 0.2875 %

For purposes of the foregoing, (a) the Applicable
Rate shall be determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, based upon the Companys annual or quarterly consolidated
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and (b) each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change
in the Total Leverage Ratio shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the third Business Day following the date
of delivery to the Administrative Agent of such consolidated financial statements indicating such change and ending on the date immediately
preceding the effective date of the next such change, provided that at the option of the Administrative Agent or at the request
of the Required Lenders, if the Borrowers fail to deliver the annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements required to be delivered
by it pursuant to Section 5.01, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be in Category 4 during the period from the expiration
of the time for delivery thereof until such consolidated financial statements are delivered.

If at any time the Administrative Agent determines
that the financial statements upon which the Applicable Rate was determined were incorrect (whether based on a restatement, fraud or otherwise)
or any ratio or compliance information in a Compliance Certificate or other certification was incorrectly calculated, relied on incorrect
information or was otherwise not accurate, true or correct, the Borrowers shall be required to retroactively pay any additional amount
that the Borrowers would have been required to pay if such financial statements, Compliance Certificate or other information had been
accurate and/or computed correctly at the time they were delivered.

Approved Borrower
Portal has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(a).

Approved Electronic
Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a).

Approved Fund
has the meaning assigned to the term in Section 9.04(b).

Assignment and Assumption
means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is
required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form
(including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

5

Assumed Tax Liability
means, with respect to any member of the Company as of any Tax Distribution Date, an amount equal to the federal, state and local income
taxes (including any applicable estimated taxes) reasonably estimated in good faith would be due from such member for all taxable periods
(or portions thereof) of ending on such Tax Distribution Date, (i) assuming such member were a corporation who earned solely the
items of income, gain, deduction, loss, and/or credit allocated to such member for such taxable periods (or portions thereof) and (ii) assuming
that such member is subject to tax at the Assumed Tax Rate. For purposes of determining the Assumed Tax Liability of any member, any adjustments
by reason of Sections 734 or 743 of the Code shall not be taken into account.

Assumed Tax Rate
means, for any taxable period, the highest marginal effective rate of federal, state, local and non-U.S. income tax applicable to PublicCo
for such taxable period.

Availability
means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (b) the Aggregate Revolving
Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all
outstanding Borrowings).

Availability Period
means the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the date
of termination of the Revolving Commitments (and, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day).

Available Amount
Basket means, as of any date of determination (the Available Amount Reference Date), an amount equal to,
without duplication:

(a) the
greater of (i) 25% of EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarter period and (ii) $80,000,000;

plus

(b) 50%
of Net Income for such trailing four fiscal quarter period (which shall not be less than zero);

less

(c) an
amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of the following:

(i) the
aggregate amount of all investments made by any Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.04(c)(B) and Section 6.04(n) prior
to the Available Amount Reference Date during such trailing four fiscal quarter period in reliance on the Available Amount Basket; plus

(ii) the
aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(vi) prior
to the Available Amount Reference Date during such trailing four fiscal quarter period in reliance on the Available Amount Basket; plus

6

(iii) the
aggregate amount of all loans or advances made by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of a Loan Party or any joint venture
of a Loan Party and made by any Subsidiary or any Affiliate to a Loan Party or any other Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.04(d)(B) prior
to the Available Amount Reference Date during such trailing four fiscal quarter period in reliance on the Available Amount Basket; plus

(iv) the
aggregate amount of all Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that are given pursuant to Section 6.04(e) prior
to the Available Amount Reference Date during such trailing four fiscal quarter period in reliance on the Available Amount Basket;

provided,
that, the amount of Restricted Payments, investments, loans or advances, and Guarantees permitted to be made in respect of any fiscal
year under the Available Amount Basket shall be (x) determined on a quarterly basis and (y) increased by the unused amount of
the Available Amount Basket that was permitted to be made during the two immediately preceding fiscal years, without giving effect to
any carryover amount from any prior fiscal year. The Available Amount Basket in any fiscal year shall be deemed to use first, the amount
carried forward to such fiscal year from the year ended two years prior to such fiscal year, and second, the amount carried forward to
such fiscal year from the immediately prior fiscal year.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that
is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making
payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for
such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from
time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other
than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Banking Services
means (a) each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary by any Persons that are or were
at the time of entering into the relevant Banking Services Lenders or their respective Affiliates: (i) credit cards for commercial
customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (ii) stored value cards, (iii) merchant
processing services, and (iv) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse
transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services) and (b) the
bank services provided to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary set forth on Schedule 1.01 as of the Restatement Date.

7

Banking Services
Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever
and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions
therefor) in connection with Banking Services.

Bankruptcy Code
means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute.

Bankruptcy Event
means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding,
or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged
with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent,
has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment,
or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result
solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or
instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts
within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental
Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

Benchmark
means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency
or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency,
then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such
prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14.

Benchmark Replacement
means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent
for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or

(2) the
sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or
recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated
credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.

8

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to
be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day,
the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency
of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices,
length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that
the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion and in good faith may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation
of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible
or if the Administrative Agent determines in good faith that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such
other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides in good faith is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement
Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(1) in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

9

(2) in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) have been, determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to
the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or,
if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in
respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with
respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(1) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available
Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for
the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or
such component), or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that
the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer
be, representative.

10

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending
at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in accordance with Section 2.14.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies,
and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Borrower
or Borrowers means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Company and each Person from time
to time who becomes party hereto as a borrower pursuant to Section 5.14.

Borrower Representative
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.01.

Borrowing
means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans,
as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, and (b) a Swingline Loan.

Borrowing Request
means a request by the Borrower Representative for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Burdensome Restrictions
means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.10.

Business Day
means:

(a) for
all purposes of this Agreement (other than purposes expressly set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of this definition), any day
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that (a) in relation to
RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings
of such RFR Loan, a Business Day shall be any such day that is a RFR Business Day and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, a Business Day shall be any such day that
is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;

11

(b) solely
for the purposes of Borrowing Requests and interest rate settings as to a Sterling Loan and any fundings, disbursements, settlements and
payments of any Sterling Loan, any day other than (i) a day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of,
or are in fact closed in London, England, and (ii) a day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in Sterling in the
London interbank market; and

(c) solely
for the purposes of interest rate settings as to a Euro Loan and any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments of any Euro Loan,
any day other than (i) a day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in London,
England, (ii) a day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in Euro in the London interbank market, and (iii) a
day on which the TARGET2 payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

Capital Lease Obligations
of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the
right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as
capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized
amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

CBR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate.

Central Bank Rate
means, (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto)s
Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (b) Euro, one of the
following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main
refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate
for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central
Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or
any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for
the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any
successor thereto) from time to time and (ii) 0.00%; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment.

Central Bank Rate
Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which
the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Rate applicable during such
period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period,
and (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of SONIA
for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest
and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling
in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined
disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen
Rate, as applicable, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed
Currency for a maturity of one month (or, in the event the EURIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency
is not available for such maturity of one month, shall be based on the EURIBOR Interpolated Rate, as applicable, as of such time); provided
that if such rate shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%.

12

CFC means
a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code.

CFC Holdco
means a domestic Subsidiary of a Borrower with no material assets other than capital stock (and debt securities, if any) of one or more
foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs, or of other CFC Holdcos.

Change in Control
means (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its
capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than one or more of the Permitted Holders, becomes
the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a
person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Equity Interests that such person or group has the right
to acquire (such right, an option right), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time),
directly or indirectly, of 40% or more of the Equity Interests of PublicCo entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent
governing body of PublicCo on a fully-diluted basis, (and taking into account all such Equity Interests that such person or group has
the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); (b) PublicCo shall cease to Control the Company; (c) PublicCo and the Permitted
Holders, individually or collectively, shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances 65%
of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the Company; (d) the occupation at any time of a majority of the seats (other than
vacant seats) on the board of directors of the PublicCo by Persons who were neither (i) directors of PublicCo as of immediately following
the Restatement Date nor (ii) nominated, appointed, or approved by the board of directors of PublicCo; (e) the acquisition of
direct or indirect Control of the Company by any Person or group other than PublicCo or one or more of the Permitted Holders; or (f) the
Company shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances, the outstanding voting Equity Interests
of the Guarantors owned as of the Restatement Date (except as otherwise permitted herein), in each case, on a fully diluted basis (or,
in the case of any Guarantor acquired after the Restatement Date, at the time of the acquisition of such Guarantor).

13

Change in Law
means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a
party to this Agreement) of any of the following: (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any
change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office
of such Lender or by such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement
or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided
that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all
requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof,
and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant
to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

Charges
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17.

Chase
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors.

Class,
when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving
Loans or Swingline Loans, and (b) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. Commitments
(and, in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in
different Classes. Commitments (and, in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have identical terms and conditions
shall be construed to be in the same Class.

Cloud-Based Business
means a suite of software-as-a-service and data-as-a-service technology solutions for in-house marketers, spans research and insights,
communications technology, specialty media (including augmented reality), and media studios.

Cloud-Based
Business Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company formed for the purpose of, and that solely (other than de minimis
activities as agreed by the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent) engages in, Cloud-Based Business and that is majority
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company with the remainder of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary owned by an unaffiliated
third party investor and designated as such by the Borrower Representative with the reasonable consent of the Administrative Agent.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator).

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

14

Collateral
means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of
any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or be intended to be, subject to a security interest
or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations,
other than, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any voting Equity Interests of a first tier CFC Holdco or Material Foreign Subsidiary
in excess of 65% of the aggregate voting Equity Interests and (ii) any assets of (x) a CFC Holdco or Material Foreign Subsidiary,
(y) any accounts receivable, payables or securitization assets and any related assets under a Permitted Receivables Financing and
any related collection accounts thereto and (z) a Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, if any, the Pledge Agreements, and any other agreements, instruments and documents
executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including,
without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination
agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all
other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent.

Commitment
means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders Revolving Commitment. The initial amount of each Lenders Commitment is
set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined
in Section 9102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which
such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable.

Commitment Schedule
means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such.

Commodity Exchange
Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Communications
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d).

Company
means Stagwell Global.

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative in substantially the form of Exhibit D, or any other
form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated Total
Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total amount of all assets of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

15

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Corresponding Tenor
with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately
the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Covered Entity
means any of the following:

(i) a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.

Credit Exposure
means, as to any Lender at any time, such Lenders Revolving Exposure at such time.

Credit Party
means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender.

Daily Simple RFR
means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) for any RFR
Loan denominated in Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 Business Days prior to (i) if such RFR Interest Day is a Business Day,
such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest
Day (b) 0.00%. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective
date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Borrowers, provided that the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower
Representative of such change.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day, a SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if
such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government
Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR
is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that if the Daily Simple SOFR as so
determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Any change
in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice
to the Borrower Representative. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day
immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR
Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such
SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website.

16

Default
means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or
waived, become an Event of Default.

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

Defaulting Lender
means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion
of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit
Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative
Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding
(specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified any Borrower or any
Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding
obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders
good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding
a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has
failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an
authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the
date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this
Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Partys
receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject
of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action.

Disclosed Matters
means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions
and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction
and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with
or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith.

Disqualified Equity
Interests means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest that by its terms (or by the terms of any other Equity Interest
into which it is convertible or exchangeable) or otherwise (a) matures or is subject to mandatory redemption or repurchase (other
than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except
as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holder thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control
or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior payment in full of the Obligations (other than any Obligations which expressly survive
termination) and termination of the Commitments); (b) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or any
Disqualified Equity Interest at the option of the holder thereof; (c) may be required to be redeemed or repurchased at the option
of the holder thereof (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, in each
case on or prior to the date that ninety (90) days after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date; or (d) provides for scheduled payments
of dividends to be made in cash.

17

Dividing Person
has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division.

Division
means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more Persons
(whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant
to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Division Successor
means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or
obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains
any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division.

Document
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.

Dollar Equivalent
Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount
is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase
of dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters
on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or
ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency, as provided by such other publicly available
information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars
as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if
such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using
any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Dollars,
dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

Earn-outs
means unsecured liabilities arising under an agreement to make any contingent deferred payment as a part of the purchase price for a Permitted
Acquisition, including cash and non-cash performance bonuses or consulting payments in any related services, employment or similar agreement,
in an amount that may be subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of the underlying target,
in each case, to the extent that such deferred payment would be included as part of such purchase price.

18

EBITDA
means, for any period, Net Income for such period (giving pro forma effect to the Net Income of any Permitted Acquisition made during
such period as if such Permitted Acquisition had occurred on the first day of such period) plus (a) without duplication and to the
extent deducted in determining Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax
expense for such period net of tax refunds, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization expense for such period,
(iv) any non-recurring fees, cash charges and other cash expenses incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions (including,
without limitation, in each case, diligence costs and legal fees); (v) accrued Earn-out expenses, (vi) restructuring charges,
(vii) any other non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Net
Income in a prior period), (viii) purchase accounting adjustments (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any deferred revenue adjustments)
set forth in or validated by any quality of earnings or valuation report prepared by independent registered public accountants of national
standing or any other accounting or valuation firm reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in connection with a Permitted
Acquisition in amounts acceptable to the Administrative Agent during the twelve month period following the consummation thereof, (ix) non-cash
stock based compensation expenses, (x) non-cash impairment charges and non-cash deferred acquisition costs, and (xi) any accounting
adjustment (positive or negative) relating to the deferred purchase price of property (including, without limitation, deferred consideration
from a Permitted Acquisition) arising from Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Investments (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include
any adjustment described in clause (viii) above) minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Net Income, any
extraordinary gains and any non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP; provided that, the aggregate amount of any such adjustment or add-backs under subclauses (iv), (vi), (vii), and (viii) of
clause (a) above shall not exceed 15% of EBITDA in any four fiscal quarter period (calculated before giving effect to any
such add-backs and adjustments).

ECP means
an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated
thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of
an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

19

Electronic Signature
means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with
the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

Electronic System
means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for the Borrowers and any other Internet or extranet-based site,
whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and any of its respective
Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system.

Environmental Laws
means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued,
promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) the preservation
or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health
and safety matters.

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation,
fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any
violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any
Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials
into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed
with respect to any of the foregoing.

Equipment
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.

Equity Interests
means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust
or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with a Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or
(c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event
means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with
respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum
funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the
filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum
funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title
IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or
a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan;
(f) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of
any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition
upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be,
insolvent, in critical status, or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.

20

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in
effect from time to time.

EURIBOR Interpolated
Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro and for any Interest Period, the
rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the EURIBOR Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear
basis between: (a) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euro) that
is shorter than the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period; and (b) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the
EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euro) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided
that, if any EURIBOR Interpolated Rate shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00% for the purposes of this Agreement.

EURIBOR Rate
means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately
11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate
shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period) with respect to
Euro then the EURIBOR Rate shall be the EURIBOR Interpolated Rate.

EURIBOR Screen Rate
means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration
of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01
of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of
such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as of 11:00 a.m. Brussels
time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative
Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. If the EURIBOR Screen
Rate shall be less than 0.00%, the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

Euro
or means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States.

21

Euro LC Disbursement
means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Euro Letter of Credit.

Euro LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Euro Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the
aggregate amount of all Euro LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers at such time.

Euro Letter of Credit
means a Letter of Credit denominated in Euro.

Euro Loans
means Revolving Loans made to the Borrowers denominated in Euro.

Euro Outstandings
means, at any time, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of all Euro Loans outstanding at such time.

Euro Sublimit
means the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $50,000,000.

Event of Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII.

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor
of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal
under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee
of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a
Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap
Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a
Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case
of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or
(ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable
to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law
in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant
to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except
in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to
such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply
with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Existing Credit
Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals.

22

Existing Letters
of Credit means the letters of credit listed on Schedule 1.01(b).

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such
Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective
Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary
institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the
next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so
determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Fee Letter
means that certain Fee Letter dated as of April 22, 2025, among the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers.

Financial Officer
means the chief financial officer, president, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of a Borrower.

Financial Statements
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01.

First Restatement
Date means August 2, 2021.

Fixtures
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.

Flood Insurance
Requirements means Administrative Agent has received evidence indicating whether the improvements or any part thereof on any
real property required to be subject to a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent are or will be located within a Special Flood
Hazard Area as designated on maps prepared by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and, if so, a flood notification form signed
by Borrower Representative and evidence that a flood insurance policy or policies are in place for such improvements on the property and
contents or other Collateral, as applicable, all in form, substance and amount satisfactory to Administrative Agent and at a minimum in
compliance with applicable Flood Laws.

Flood Laws
means the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of
1994, the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Act of 2012, as such statutes may be amended or re-codified from time to time, any substitutions,
any regulations promulgated under such Flood Laws, and all other legal requirements relating to flood insurance.

Floor
means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment
or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, or the Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0.00%

23

Foreign Currency
Loans means Sterling Loans and Euro Loans.

Foreign Currency
Sublimit means the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $100,000,000.

Foreign LC Sublimit
means the Dollar Equivalent of $15,000,000.

Foreign Lender
means (a) if a Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if a Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a
Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes.

Foreign Outstandings
means the Sterling Outstandings plus the Euro Outstandings.

Funding Account
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(j).

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, or any other nation or any political subdivision of any of the
foregoing, whether state, province, territory or local, and any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational agency, authority, instrumentality,
regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative
powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Guarantee
of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing
or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase
or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance
or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital,
equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay
such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued
to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit
in the ordinary course of business.

Guaranteed Obligations
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01.

Guarantors
means all Loan Guarantors and all non-Loan Parties who have delivered an Obligation Guaranty, and the term Guarantor means
each or any one of them individually.

Hazardous Materials
means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous
materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste,
or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department
of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any
successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto); and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum,
petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive,
radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or any other agricultural chemical.

24

Holdings
means Stagwell Marketing Group Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

IBA has
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05.

Impacted EURIBOR
Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EURIBOR Rate.

Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances
of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations
of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other
title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred
purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business on terms consistent
with historical practices and accrued expenses in each case recorded in accordance with GAAP incurred in the ordinary course of business),
(f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise,
to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed,
(g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) obligations under any Liquidated
Earn-out, (l) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability, (m) obligations, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever
created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under
(i) any and all Swap Agreements, and (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any
Swap Agreement transaction and (n) any Disqualified Equity Interests. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness
of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor
as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such
Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b).

25

Ineligible Institution
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Information
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12.

Interest Election
Request means a request by the Borrower Representative to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08.

Interest
Expense means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations)
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including
all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs
under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates and customary commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including
interest expense) relating to any Permitted Receivables Financing, in each case, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period
in accordance with GAAP), calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP.

Interest Payment
Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the second day of each March, June, September and
December and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically
corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding
day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term
Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term
Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest
Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date.

Interest Period
means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower Representative may elect; provided,
that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next
calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period pertaining
to a Term Benchmark Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of
such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(f) shall
be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially
shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of
the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

26

Inventory
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.

IRS means
the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuing Bank
means, individually and collectively, each of Chase, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.,
in its capacity as the issuer of certain of the Existing Letters of Credit, and any other Revolving Lender from time to time designated
by the Borrower Representative as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Revolving Lender and the Administrative Agent, and their respective
successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more
Letters of Credit to be issued by any of its domestic or foreign subsidiaries, branches, offices or Affiliates, in which case the term
Issuing Bank shall include any such subsidiary, branch, office or Affiliate, as the case may be, with respect to Letters
of Credit issued by such subsidiary, branch, office or Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such subsidiary,
branch, office or Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit). At any
time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank,
each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may
require.

Issuing Bank Sublimits
means, as of the Restatement Date, (i) $25,000,000, in the case of Chase, and (ii) such amount as shall be designated to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative in writing by an Issuing Bank; provided that any Issuing Bank shall be permitted
at any time to increase or reduce its Issuing Bank Sublimit upon providing five (5) days prior written notice thereof to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrowers.

Joinder Agreement
means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit E.

Joint Lead Arranger
means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities and Citizens Bank, N.A. each in its capacity as
a joint lead arranger.

LC Collateral Account
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j).

LC Disbursement
means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of the U.S. LC Exposure, the Sterling LC Exposure, the Euro LC Exposure, the Saudi Riyal LC Exposure, and
the Additional Currency LC Exposure.

Lender Parent
means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.

Lender-Related Person
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b).

27

Lenders
means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to
an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption.
Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank.

Letter of Credit
Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.06(b).

Letter of Credit
Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(b).

Letters of Credit
means the standby letters of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement and the Existing Letters of Credit, and the term Letter
of Credit means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require.

Liabilities
means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest
in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention
agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in
the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.

Liquidated
means, with respect to any Earn-outs and other deferred consideration, (a) the obligation to pay and/or the calculation of the amount
required to be paid is no longer contingent or based upon a Person, or any division, profit center or product line thereof achieving certain
targeted performance levels established in the definitive documentation governing such Earn-out or deferred compensation, (b) such
obligation has been finally computed in accordance with the definitive documentation governing such Earn-out or deferred compensation
and (c) such obligation, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, has become a matured liability and is
due and payable without delay under the terms and conditions of the definitive documentation governing such Earn-out or deferred compensation.

Loan Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement, each promissory note issued pursuant to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit application, each Collateral
Document, each Compliance Certificate, the Loan Guaranty, any Obligation Guaranty, and each other agreement, instrument, document and
certificate executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and including each other pledge, power of
attorney, consent, assignment, contract, notice, letter of credit agreement, letter of credit applications and any agreements between
the Borrower Representative and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Banks Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and
obligations between the Borrowers and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit, and each other written matter
whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement
or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements,
supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any
and all times such reference becomes operative.

28

Loan Guarantor
means each Loan Party.

Loan Guaranty
means Article X of this Agreement.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, Holdings, the Borrowers, the Borrowers Material Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any Receivables Subsidiary
or any Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary) and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and
their respective successors and assigns, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually,
as the context may require.

Loans
means the loans and advances made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans.

Long-Term Debt
means any Indebtedness that, in accordance with GAAP, constitutes (or, when incurred, constituted) a long-term liability.

Margin Stock
means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable.

Material Acquisition
means a Permitted Acquisition with aggregate consideration in excess of the lesser of (a) $115,000,000 and (b) 25% of EBITDA
as of the most recently available fiscal quarter of the Borrowers, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended.

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise,
of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform any of its obligations under the
Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) the Collateral, or the Administrative Agents Liens (on behalf of itself and the
other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, or (d) the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative
Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents.

Material Domestic
Subsidiary means each domestic Subsidiary (other than any CFC Holdco, any Receivables Subsidiary and any Cloud-Based Business
Subsidiary) (i) which, as of the most recently available fiscal quarter of the Borrowers, for the period of four consecutive fiscal
quarters then ended, contributed greater than 2.5% of EBITDA (as defined below) for such period or (ii) which contributed greater
than 2.5% of Consolidated Total Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as such date; provided that, if at any time the aggregate
amount of EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets attributable to all domestic Subsidiaries (other than any CFC Holdco) that are not Material
Domestic Subsidiaries exceeds 10.0% of EBITDA for any such period or 10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of any such fiscal
quarter, the Borrowers (or, in the event the Borrowers have failed to do so within ten (10) days, the Administrative Agent) shall
designate sufficient subsidiaries as Material Domestic Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries
shall for all purposes of the definitive documentation constitute Material Domestic Subsidiaries.

Material Foreign
Subsidiary means each CFC Holdco or (unless it is a subsidiary of a CFC Holdco) first tier foreign subsidiary which, as of
the most recently available fiscal quarter of the Borrowers, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, contributed
greater than 10.0% of EBITDA (as defined below) for such period.

29

Material Indebtedness
means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one
or more of a Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $20,000,000 and at all times shall
include Indebtedness outstanding under the MDC Notes Documents. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal
amount of the obligations of a Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate
amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that such Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement
were terminated at such time.

Material Real Property
means any real property with a fair market value in excess of $25,000,000.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17.

Maxxcom
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals.

MDC Indenture
means that certain Indenture dated August 20, 2021, among Stagwell Global (formerly known as Midas OpCo Holdings LLC), the Note Guarantors
party thereto, and the MDC Notes Trustee, pursuant to which the MDC Notes were issued, or any indenture issued in respect of any refinancing
of the MDC Notes permitted under Section 6.01(g).

MDC Notes
means the $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2029 issued under the MDC Indenture, as the same may be refinanced
as permitted under Section 6.01(g) from time to time.

MDC Notes Documents
means the MDC Indenture, the MDC Notes, and all other documents executed and delivered in connection with therewith.

MDC Notes Maturity
Date means August 15, 2029, or the maturity date of any MDC Notes as the same may be refinanced as permitted under Section 6.01(g) from
time to time.

MDC Notes Trustee
means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as trustee under the MDC Indenture or any trustee
in respect of an MDC Indenture issued in respect of any refinancing of the MDC Notes permitted under Section 6.01(g).

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Mortgage
means any mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, on real property of a Loan Party, including any amendment, restatement, modification
or supplement thereto.

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

30

Net Income
means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) determined for the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP; provided that, for all purposes, there shall be (a) excluded (i) the income (or deficit) of
any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) the
undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary, to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such
Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement
of Law applicable to such Subsidiary, (iii) any non-recurring fees, cash charges and other cash expenses (including transaction fees
and costs and expenses and, for the avoidance of doubt, any capital gains taxes and exit taxes associated with re-domestication in connection
with the Transactions (including, without limitation, in each case, diligence costs and legal and other professional advisor fees)) in
connection with the Transactions, (iv) any accretion on convertible preference shares and preferred interest on instruments that
are only convertible to equity, and (v) any extraordinary or non-recurring gains or losses from any sales, transfers, leases or other
dispositions permitted under Section 6.05 and (b) included any net income attributable to non-controlling interests.

Net Proceeds
means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in
respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment
receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received,
(ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards
and similar payments, minus (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than
Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a Disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback
transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such
event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such
event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to
fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding
year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer of the Company).

Non-Consenting Lender
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d).

Note Guarantors
has the meaning assigned to such term in the MDC Indenture.

NYFRB
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB Rate
means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding
Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that
if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal
funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized
standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate
shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

31

NYFRBs Website
means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligated Party
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02.

Obligation Guaranty
means any Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit
of the Secured Parties by a guarantor who is not a Loan Party.

Obligations
means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses,
reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and
liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually
or collectively, existing on the Restatement Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent,
matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or
incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations
incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof.

Off-Balance Sheet
Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes
receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction
entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which
is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such
Person (other than operating leases).

Original Effective
Date means November 18, 2019.

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit, or any Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19).

32

Overnight Bank Funding
Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated
in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set
forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank
funding rate.

Overnight Rate
means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount
denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks, as the case may
be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

Paid in Full
or Payment in Full means, (a) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all outstanding Loans and LC Disbursements,
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (b) the termination, expiration, or cancellation and return of all outstanding
Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a cash
deposit, or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a back-up standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and the applicable Issuing Bank, in an amount equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of the date of such payment), (c) the indefeasible
payment in full in cash of the accrued and unpaid fees, (d) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all reimbursable expenses
and other Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other obligations expressly stated
to survive such payment and termination of this Agreement), together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (e) the termination
of all Commitments, and (f) the termination of the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations or entering into
other arrangements satisfactory to the Secured Parties counterparties thereto.

Parent
means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.

Participant
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Participant Register
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Participating Member
State means any member State of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance
with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

Payment
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

Payment Notice
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

33

Permitted Acquisition
means any Acquisition by any Loan Party in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements:

(a) the
business acquired in connection with such Acquisition is not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any line of business other than the businesses
in which the Loan Parties are engaged on the Restatement Date and any business activities that are substantially similar, related, or
incidental thereto;

(b) both
before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and the Loans (if any) requested to be made in connection therewith, each of the representations
and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct (except (i) any such representation or warranty which relates to a specified
prior date and (ii) to the extent the Lenders have been notified in writing by the Loan Parties that any representation or warranty
is not correct and the Lenders have explicitly waived in writing compliance with such representation or warranty) and no Default exists,
will exist, or would result therefrom;

(c) for
Acquisitions with aggregate consideration in excess of $50,000,000, as soon as available, but not less than thirty (30) days prior to
such Acquisition (or such shorter period of time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), the Borrower Representative
has provided the Administrative Agent (i) notice of such Acquisition and (ii) a copy of all business and financial information
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent including pro forma financial statements, statements of cash flow, and Availability projections;

(d) if
such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result in any violation of Regulation U;

(e) if
such Acquisition involves a merger or a consolidation involving any Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Borrower or such Loan Party,
as applicable, shall be the surviving entity;

(f) no
Loan Party shall, as a result of or in connection with any such Acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether
relating to environmental, tax, litigation, or other matters) that could have a Material Adverse Effect;

(g) in
connection with an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person, all Liens on property of such Person, if not otherwise permitted
under Section 6.02, shall be terminated unless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole discretion consent otherwise,
and in connection with an Acquisition of the assets of any Person, all Liens on such assets shall be terminated;

(h) the
Borrower Representative shall certify to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and provide the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
with a pro forma calculation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) that, after giving
effect to the completion of such Acquisition, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than the then applicable Total Leverage Ratio required
pursuant to Section 6.12(a);

(i) for
Acquisitions with aggregate consideration in excess of $50,000,000, all actions required to be taken with respect to any newly acquired
or formed wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Borrower or a Loan Party, as applicable, required under Section 5.14 shall have been
taken; and

34

(j) for
Acquisitions with aggregate consideration in excess of $50,000,000, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the Administrative
Agent the final executed material documentation relating to such Acquisition within 10 days following the consummation thereof.

Permitted Encumbrances
means:

(a) Liens
imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;

(b) carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary
course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with
Section 5.04;

(c) pledges
and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security laws or regulations;

(d) deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other
obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(e) judgment
Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII; and

(f) easements,
zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business
that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the
ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary;

provided that the term Permitted
Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness, except with respect to clause (e) above.

Permitted Holders
means (a) Polpat LLC, Mark J. Penn and AlpInvest, (b) Stagwell Media LP or Stagwell Parallel Partnership LP, (c) any successor
entity of Stagwell Media LP or Stagwell Parallel Partnership LP owned or controlled solely by the same Persons that own or control Stagwell
Media LP or Stagwell Parallel Partnership LP (as applicable) prior to any applicable acquisition or change in beneficial ownership
(as defined in the definition of Change in Control), (d) with respect to any entity in the foregoing clauses (a) through
(c), any Affiliate, general partner or limited partner of such entity as of immediately following the Restatement Date, (e) a trust
established by or for the benefit of any individual in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) or the sole individual direct or
indirect owner of any such entities of which only such individual and his or her immediate family members are beneficiaries, (f) any
Person established for the benefit of, and beneficially owned solely by, any entity in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) or
the sole individual direct or indirect owner of any such entities or (g) upon the death of any individual in the foregoing clauses
(a) through (d) or the sole individual direct or indirect owner of any such entities, an executor, administrator or beneficiary
of the estate of such deceased individual.

35

Permitted Investments
means:

(a) direct
obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. (or by any agency thereof
to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.), in each case maturing within one year from the date
of acquisition thereof;

(b) investments
in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, investment
grade credit rating from S&P or from Moodys;

(c) investments
in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof
issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial
bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less
than $500,000,000;

(d) fully
collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered
into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; and

(e) money
market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moodys and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000.

Permitted Receivables
Financing means one or more receivables, factoring or securitization facilities, financings or arrangements made available
to the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries on then-market terms (as reasonably determined by the Company) pursuant to which the Company
and/or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers and/or grants a security interest in accounts receivable, payables
or securitization assets and any related assets (including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, payables or securitization
assets and related assets, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, payables or securitization
assets and related assets, proceeds of such accounts receivable, payables or securitization assets and related assets and other assets
that are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with receivables, factoring
or securitization facilities, financings or arrangements) to (a) any Person that is not a Subsidiary (including any special purpose
securitization subsidiary of the Company or directly to one or more investors or purchasers (including pursuant to any receivables, factoring
or securitization facility, financing or arrangement)) or (b) a Subsidiary that in turn sells, conveys or otherwise transfers and/or
grants a security interest in such accounts receivable, payables or securitization assets and related assets to any Person that is not
a Subsidiary (including any special purpose securitization subsidiary of the Company or directly to one or more investors or purchasers
(including pursuant to any receivables, factoring or securitization facility, financing or arrangement)); provided that (x) any
such receivables, factoring or securitization facility, financing or arrangement shall be non-recourse to any Loan Party except with respect
to limited representations, covenants and indemnitees, in each case, that are customary for such transactions and (y) the aggregate
amount available to the Company and/or its Subsidiaries under all such receivables, factoring or securitization facilities, financings
or arrangements shall not exceed $150,000,000 at any time.

36

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated,
would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

Plan Asset Regulations
means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

Pledge Agreements
means (i) that certain Pledge of Minority Interests in Targeted Victory, LLC, dated as of the Original Effective Date, between Phil
A. Adams, III, and the Administrative Agent, (ii) that certain Pledge of Minority Interests in Targeted Victory, LLC, dated
as of the Original Effective Date, between Ryan Meerstein, and the Administrative Agent, and (iii) that certain Pledge of Minority
Interests in Targeted Victory, LLC, dated as of the Original Effective Date, between Zachary Moffatt, and the Administrative Agent.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal
ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release
H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar
rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by
the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
or quoted as being effective.

Proceeding
means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in
any jurisdiction.

Projections
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01(e).

PTE means
a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public-Sider
means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Company or its Controlling person or any of its Subsidiaries while
in possession of the financial statements provided by the Company under the terms of this Agreement.

PublicCo
means, Stagwell Inc.

37

PublicCo Expenses
means reasonable and customary fees, costs and expenses in connection with PublicCos activities and services as a holding company
of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or as a public company in the ordinary course of business, including and without limitation:

(a) reasonable
and customary fees, costs and expenses incurred by PublicCo in connection with the provision of management or administrative services
to the Company and its subsidiaries of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its subsidiaries;

(b) fees,
costs and expenses necessary to maintain PublicCos existence as a public company, including any listing fees, annual fees, registration
fees and other expenses; and

(c) professional
fees (including, without limitation, director, auditor and legal fees), executive compensation and employee benefits, and administration
costs in the ordinary course of business as a holding company and/or as a public company.

QFC has
the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.

Qualified ECP Guarantor
means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty
or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person
as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder
and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under
Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Real Property
means all real property that was, is now or may hereafter be owned, occupied or otherwise controlled by any Loan Party pursuant to any
contract of sale, lease or other conveyance of any legal interest in any real property to any Loan Party.

Receivables Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company formed for the purpose of, or that solely engages in, one or more securitizations, receivables facilities,
receivables financings, Permitted Receivables Financings or any other receivables arrangement, in each case, that is permitted hereunder,
and other activities reasonably related to the foregoing.

Recipient
means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender or (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof
(as the context requires).

Reference Time
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago
time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark
is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the RFR for such Benchmark
is SONIA, then five Business Days prior to such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting, or (5) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR,
or the EURIBOR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

38

Refinance Indebtedness
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(g).

Register
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Regulation D
means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Regulation T
means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Regulation U
means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Regulation X
means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Related Parties
means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members,
trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Release
means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing,
or dumping of any substance into the environment.

Relevant Governmental
Body means (i) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, the CME Term
SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in
each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (iii) with respect to Loans denominated
in Euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any
successor thereto.

Relevant Rate
means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBOR Rate or (iii) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling,
the applicable Daily Simple RFR, as applicable.

Report
means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining
to the assets of the Loan Parties from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrowers, after the Administrative Agent has exercised
its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent.

Reportable Compliance
Event means that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar
charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism
Law.

Required Lenders
means, at any time, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Credit Exposure and unused Commitments representing at least 50.1%
of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time.

39

Requirement of Law
means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating,
management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including
common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or
court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of
its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means the president, Financial Officer of a Borrower.

Restatement Date
means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).

Restricted Payment
means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest in any Borrower
or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account
of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant
or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests. For avoidance of doubt, neither of (a) the purchase of the Equity Interests
of the target of a Permitted Acquisition by any Loan Party, nor (b) the payment by the Company to PublicCo of PublicCo Expenses,
shall be a Restricted Payment.

Reuters
means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp, Refinitiv, or any successor thereto.

Revaluation Date
means, (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) the date of the Borrowing
of such Loan and (ii) each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (b) with
respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter
of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of
Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof; and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine
at any time when an Event of Default exists.

Revolving Commitment
means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters
of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lenders
Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments
by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Revolving Commitment is set forth
on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving
Commitment, as applicable. As of the Restatement Date, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments is $750,000,000.

40

Revolving Credit
Maturity Date means April 23, 2030 (if the same is a Business Day, or if not then the immediately next succeeding Business
Day), or any earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof;
provided, however, if the MDC Notes are not refinanced, or the MDC Notes Documents are not otherwise terminated pursuant
to the terms thereof, before the date that is 91 days prior to the MDC Notes Maturity Date, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall mean
the date that is 91 days prior to the MDC Notes Maturity Date.

Revolving Exposure
means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving
Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.

Revolving Lender
means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired,
a Lender with Revolving Exposure.

Revolving Loan
means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01.

RFR means,
for any RFR Loan denominated in Sterling, SONIA.

RFR Administrator
means the SONIA Administrator.

RFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

RFR Business Day
means, for any Loan denominated in Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks
are closed for general business in London.

RFR Interest Day
has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest
at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business.

Sale and Leaseback
Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06.

Sanctioned
Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at
the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea,
Zaporizhzhia, and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria).

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, any Person subject or target of any Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list
of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government, including by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any
Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons
described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) (including, without limitation for purposes of defining a Sanctioned Person,
as ownership and control may be defined and/or established in and/or by any applicable laws, rules, regulations or orders).

41

Sanctions
means all economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time
by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state,
His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority in any jurisdiction in which (i) any
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is located or conducts business, (ii) in which any of the proceeds of the extensions of credit
under this Agreement will be used, or (iii) from which repayment of the extensions of credit under this Agreement will be derived.

Saudi Riyal
means the lawful currency of Saudi Arabia.

Saudi Riyal LC Disbursement
means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Saudi Riyal Letter of Credit.

Saudi Riyal LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Saudi Riyal Letters of Credit at such time plus
(b) the aggregate amount of all Saudi Riyal LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of a Borrower at such
time.

Saudi Riyal Letter
of Credit means a Letter of Credit to be issued by the Issuing Bank in Saudi Riyal on behalf of a Borrower.

Saudi Riyal Sublimit
means the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $2,500,000.

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S.

Secured Obligations
means all Obligations, together with all (i) Banking Services Obligations and (ii) Swap Agreement Obligations owing to one or
more Lenders or their respective Affiliates; provided, however, that the definition of Secured Obligations
shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded
Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor.

Secured Parties
means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) each provider of Banking Services,
to the extent the Banking Services Obligations in respect thereof constitute Secured Obligations, (e) each counterparty to any Swap
Agreement, to the extent the obligations thereunder constitute Secured Obligations, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification
obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.

42

Security Agreement
means that certain Third Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the
date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties,
and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this
Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as
the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators
Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight
financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR Determination
Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR
Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SONIA
means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published
by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

SONIA Administrator
means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA Administrators
Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for
the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time.

Spot Rate
for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Administrative Agent as the spot rate
for the purchase by the Administrative Agent of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office;
provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may use any other reasonable method it deems applicable to determine such
rate, and any such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Stagwell Global
means Stagwell Global LLC (f/k/a Midas OpCo Holdings LLC), a limited liability company formed in the State of Delaware.

Statements
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(g).

Sterling
or means lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

Sterling LC Disbursement
means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Sterling Letter of Credit.

43

Sterling LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Sterling Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the
aggregate amount of all Sterling LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of a Borrower at such time.

Sterling Letter
of Credit means Letters of Credit to be issued by the Issuing Bank in Sterling on behalf of a Borrower.

Sterling Loans
means Revolving Loans made to a Borrower denominated in Sterling.

Sterling Outstandings
means, at any time, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of all Sterling Loans outstanding at such time.

Sterling Sublimit
means the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $50,000,000.

subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association or other entity, the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial
statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more
than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership
interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent and/or
one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.

Subsidiary
means any direct or indirect subsidiary of a Borrower or a Loan Party, as applicable.

Supply Chain Financing
means supply chain finance including, without limitation, trade payable services and supplier accounts receivable purchases, but excluding
any factoring arrangements, between the Loan Parties, Citibank, N.A. and its branches, subsidiaries, and Affiliates, and The Proctor &
Gamble Company.

Supported QFC
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.

Swap Agreement
means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement
involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic,
financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination
of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided
by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement.

44

Swap Agreement Obligations
means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever
created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under
(a) any Swap Agreement permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any cancellations, buy backs,
reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender
and (c) the Swap Agreements set forth on Schedule 1.01 as of the Restatement Date. Even if a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender
holding any Swap Agreement Obligation ceases to be a party to the Agreement the Swap Agreement Obligations will remain Secured Obligations
under the Agreement.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a
swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.

Swingline Commitment
means the amount set forth opposite Chases name on the Commitment Schedule as Swingline Commitment. The initial aggregate amount
of the Swingline Commitments is $50,000,000.

Swingline
Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline
Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount
of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made
by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline
Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in
effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Revolving Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount
of all Swingline Loans made by such Revolving Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders
in such Swingline Loans.

Swingline Lender
means Chase (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent
required of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given
by Chase in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank shall be deemed given by Chase in its capacity as Swingline Lender as
well.

Swingline Loan
means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05.

TARGET Day
means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, reasonably determined
by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

TARGET2
means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform
and which was launched on November 19, 2007.

Tax Distribution
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.08(c).

45

Tax Distribution
Date means any date that is two Business Days prior to the date on which estimated federal income tax payments are required
to be made by calendar year corporate taxpayers and the due date for federal income tax returns of corporate calendar year taxpayers (without
regard to extensions).

Tax Receivable Agreement
means that certain income tax receivable agreement dated as of August 2, 2021 as in effect as of the date hereof, pursuant to which
certain members or former members of the Company are entitled to receive from the direct or indirect parent of the Company 85% of the
tax savings realized by such parent resulting from taxable exchanges of equity interests in the Company by such member or former member
for shares of such parent and related tax basis adjustments.

Taxes
means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added
taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority,
including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate.

Term SOFR Determination
Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Rate
means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement
of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), and for any tenor comparable
to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative
Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Total Indebtedness
means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness determined for the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis at such date, in accordance with GAAP.

46

Total Leverage Ratio
means, on any date, the ratio of (a) (i) Total Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) any accrued contingent
payment with respect to Earn-outs to the extent not Liquidated, (2) Letters of Credit issued but not drawn, (3) any Disqualified
Equity Interests to the extent any payments owed with respect to such Disqualified Equity Interests continue to be paid in kind or (4) any
Indebtedness with respect to any Permitted Receivables Financing) on such date minus (ii) the lesser of (x) the sum of (A) 100%
of the amount of unrestricted cash held by any Borrower in deposit accounts in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union,
or Canada, plus (B) 50% of the amount of unrestricted cash held by the Borrowers in deposit accounts in other locations (excluding
China) not to exceed $50,000,000 in the aggregate (provided that not more than $3,000,000 of unrestricted cash held in accounts in India
may be included), and (y) $150,000,000 to (b) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently
prior to such date (except with respect to the Total Leverage Ratio to be determined as of the Restatement Date, in which case for the
twelve-month period ended on or most recently prior to the Restatement Date); provided that, when calculating the Total Leverage
Ratio to determine compliance with Section 6.12(a), to the extent any Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any acquisition or
investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business that is permitted
by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended, the Total Leverage Ratio shall
be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable
to the acquisition or investment or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact,
in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and
in effect as of December 31, 2020, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Company), as if such
acquisition, investment or disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first
day of such four quarter period.

Transactions
means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans
and other credit extensions hereunder, the use of the proceeds thereof, and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.

Type,
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or the Daily
Simple RFR.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or in any other state, the laws of which are required
to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests.

UK Financial Institutions
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

47

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Unliquidated Obligations
means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including
any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by
it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to
provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations.

U.S.
means the United States of America.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. LC Disbursement
means a payment made by the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to a U.S. Letter of Credit.

U.S. LC Exposure
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Equivalent Amount of all outstanding U.S. Letters of Credit at such
time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of all U.S. LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf
of the applicable Borrower at such time.

U.S. Letter of Credit
means a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars to be issued by an Issuing Bank on behalf of a Borrower.

U.S. Loans
means Revolving Loans made to a Borrower denominated in dollars.

U.S. Outstandings
means, at any time, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of all U.S. Loans outstanding at such time plus the aggregate amount of all
U.S. LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.

U.S. Person
means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Special Resolution
Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3).

USA PATRIOT Act
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001.

48

Withdrawal Liability
means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are
defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or
any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 1.02. Classification
of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans and Borrowings may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g.,
a Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan) or by Class and
Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan). Borrowings also may be classified
and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing
or an RFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR
Revolving Borrowing).

SECTION 1.03. Terms
Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include,
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The
word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings
and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply) and all judgments, orders and
decrees of all Governmental Authorities. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other
document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth
herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from
time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments
set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or
all functions thereof, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references
herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules
to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any period shall
refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, and (g) the words asset
and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible
assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

49

SECTION 1.04. Accounting
Terms; GAAP.

(a) Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as
in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof
on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrowers request
an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Administrative
Agent notifies the Borrower Representative that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless
of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted
on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have
been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an
accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be
made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25
(or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness
or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect
to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result
or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times
be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations,
any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (FAS 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or
similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required
to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations
and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith.

(c) The
Administrative Agent or other applicable Agents shall determine the Spot Rate as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating Dollar
Equivalent Amounts of Obligations denominated in Euro, Sterling, Saudi Riyal, or any other Alternative Currency. Such Spot Rate shall
become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rate employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies
until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower Representative hereunder,
the applicable amount of any currency for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent Amount as so determined by the
Administrative Agent or other applicable Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

50

SECTION 1.05. Pro
Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions. To the extent any Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any acquisition or investment
permitted pursuant to Section 6.04, or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05
during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving
pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the, as applicable,
investment, acquisition or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each
case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and in effect
as of December 31, 2020, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower), as if such investment,
acquisition or disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such
four-quarter period.

SECTION 1.06. Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

SECTION 1.07. Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notifications. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent
does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance
or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto,
or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor
or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being
replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative
Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used
in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments
thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its
reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition
thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses
or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or
component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.08. Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event
under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right,
obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent
Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

51

SECTION 1.09. Letters
of Credit. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount
of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms, provides
for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum
amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn
at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any
amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary
Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable
time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590
(or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or law or of the
Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be
outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the applicable
Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations
to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit.

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Commitments.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to make U.S. Loans, Euro Loans and Sterling
Loans to the Borrowers, in each case, from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not
result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in any of the following:

(i) such
Lenders Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lenders Revolving Commitment;

(ii) the
Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments;

(iii) the
sum of (v) the Foreign Outstandings plus (w) the Sterling LC Exposure plus (x) the Euro LC Exposure plus (y) the Saudi
Riyal LC Exposure plus (z) the Additional Currency LC Exposure at any time exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit;

52

(iv) the
sum of (x) Sterling Outstandings plus (y) the Sterling LC Exposure at any time exceeding the Sterling Sublimit; or

(v) the
sum of (x) the Euro Outstandings plus (y) the Euro LC Exposure at any time exceeding the Euro Sublimit.

Within the foregoing limits and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and re-borrow Revolving Loans.

(b) On
the Restatement Date, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its Revolving Commitment shall
make available to the Administrative Agent or other applicable Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as such Agent shall determine,
for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use
of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lenders portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders
to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments
among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, Commitment Fees and other amounts
paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation,
and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and re-borrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the Restatement Date
(with such re-borrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice
delivered by the Borrower Representative, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant
to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid
and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16
if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods.

SECTION 2.02. Loans
and Borrowings.

(a) Each
Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the
Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required
to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several
and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05.

(b) Subject
to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (a) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR
Loans or Term Benchmark Loans and (b) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or
RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith.
Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign
branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the
Borrowers to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

53

(c) At
the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing and/or payment period for each RFR Borrowing, such Borrowing
shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $500,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent
of $1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing denominated in dollars is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that
is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $50,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of $100,000; provided that
an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Revolving Commitments or that is
required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall
be denominated in Dollars in an amount that is an integral multiple of $50,000 and not less than $100,000. Borrowings of more than one
Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of twelve
Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding.

(d) At
the commencement of each Interest Period (i) for any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
amount not less than the Dollar Equivalent Amount of 100,000, and (ii) for any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro,
such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less than the Dollar Equivalent Amount of 100,000.

(e) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrowers shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing
if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.03. Requests
for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting
a Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent through Electronic System or the Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers option),
in each case to the extent arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, (a)(i) in the case of a Term
Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York, New York time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing,
(ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business
Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of a RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 11:00
a.m., New York City time, five Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Revolving Borrowing,
not later than 1:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on the day of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR
Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later
than 10:00 a.m., New York, New York time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and
shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Representative; provided that, if such Borrowing Request is submitted through
the Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each
such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

54

(i) the
Agreed Currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, and a breakdown of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing;

(ii) the
name of the applicable Borrower(s);

(iii) the
date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iv) whether
such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or a RFR Borrowing; and

(v) in
the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by
the definition of the term Interest Period.

Any Borrowing Request that shall fail to specify
any of the information required by the preceding provisions of this paragraph may be rejected by any Agent if such failure is not corrected
promptly after such Agent shall give written or telephonic notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and, if so rejected, will be
of no force or effect; provided, that if no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing
shall be made in Dollars; if no election as to the type of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing
made in Dollars; and no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Borrowing, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed
to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with
this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to
be made as part of the requested Borrowing.

SECTION 2.04. [Section Intentionally
Omitted].

SECTION 2.05. Swingline
Loans.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, the Swingline Lender may agree, but shall
have no obligation, to make Swingline Loans to the Borrowers, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result
in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Lenders Swingline Commitment,
(ii) the Swingline Lenders Revolving Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment, or (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposures
exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan
to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative
Agent of such request through Electronic System or the Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers option), in each case to the
extent arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, not later than 2:00 pm, New York, New York time, on the
day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion,
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan.
The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower Representative. The Swingline
Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrowers, to the extent the Swingline Lender elects to make such Swingline Loan
by means of a credit to the Funding Account(s) (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement
as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank, and in the case of repayment of another Loan or fees or
expenses as provided by Section 2.18(c), by remittance to the Administrative Agent to be distributed to the Lenders) by 4:00
p.m., New York, New York time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.

55

(b) The
Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such
Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans
in which the Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof
to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving
Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event,
if such notice is received by 2:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m., New York, New York time on
such Business Day and if received after 2:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 9:00
a.m. New York, New York time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of
the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and
agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall
not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the
Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each
Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner
as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis
mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the
amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower Representative of any participations
in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to
the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrowers (or other party
on behalf of the Borrowers) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations
therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly
remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the
Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender
or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrowers for any reason.
The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrowers of any default in the payment
thereof.

56

SECTION 2.06. Letters
of Credit.

(a) General.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower Representative, on behalf of a Borrower, may request the issuance
of Letters of Credit denominated in dollars, Euro, Sterling, Saudi Riyal, or any other Alternative Currency as the Borrower Representative
may elect, subject to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, as the applicant thereof for the support of the obligations of any Borrower or any
Subsidiary thereof, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time
during the Availability Period and the applicable Issuing Bank may agree, but shall have no obligation to issue such Letter of Credit.
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter
of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower Representative to, or entered into by the Borrower Representative
with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Borrower Representative
unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Borrower or any Subsidiarys
obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Borrower Representative will be fully responsible for the reimbursement
of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to
the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Borrower Representative hereby irrevocably
waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such Borrower or such Subsidiary
that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank
shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available
to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the
time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by
any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms
purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the Issuing
Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the
Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter
of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital
requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Restatement Date, or shall impose
upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Restatement Date and which the Issuing Bank
in good faith deems material to it, or (iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the
Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder
or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives
promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority)
or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed not to be in
effect on the Restatement Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.
No Issuing Bank shall amend any Letter of Credit if the Issuing Bank would not be permitted to issue a Letter of Credit in its amended
form.

57

(b) Notice
of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment,
renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower Representative shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit through
Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent
(reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three Business
Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended,
and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of
Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount and denomination of such Letter of Credit,
the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend
such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the applicable Borrower shall have entered
into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter
of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Banks standard form (each,
a Letter of Credit Agreement). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit
shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the
Borrowers shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) (x) the
LC Exposure shall not exceed the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $50,000,000, (y) the sum of the Sterling LC Exposure, the Euro LC Exposure,
the Saudi Riyal LC Exposure, and the Additional Currency LC Exposure shall not exceed the Foreign LC Sublimit, (ii) no Revolving
Lenders Revolving Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Commitment and (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed
the aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (z) the Saudi Riyal LC Exposure shall not exceed the Saudi Riyal Sublimit. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit
if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding LC Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by such Person and
its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Banks Issuing Bank Sublimit. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the
limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower Representative may from time to time request that an Issuing
Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing
Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual
Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and shall
not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations on the aggregate LC Exposure set forth in
clause (i) of this Section 2.06(b).

(c) Expiration
Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination or nonrenewal by notice from the Issuing Bank to the beneficiary
thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter
of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year
after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

58

(d) Participations.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action
on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving
Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage
of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each
Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank,
such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement in the Dollar Equivalent Amount of such LC Disbursement made by the
Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrowers on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement
payment required to be refunded to the Borrowers for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to
acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected
by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance
of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement,
withholding or reduction whatsoever.

(e) Reimbursement.
If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement
by paying to the Administrative Agent, in dollars, an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent Amount of such LC Disbursement not later
than 11:00 a.m., New York, New York time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives notice of such LC Disbursement,
if such notice is received prior to 9:00 a.m., New York, New York time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately
following the day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is received after 9:00 a.m., New York, New York
time, on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrowers may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request
in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline
Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged
and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, the Administrative
Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrowers in respect thereof,
and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to
the Administrative Agent in dollars its Applicable Percentage of the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the payment then due from the Borrowers,
in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay
to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent
of any payment from the Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank
or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders
and the Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the
Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall
not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.

59

(f) Obligations
Absolute. The Borrowers joint and several obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of
this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter
of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other
document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being
untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation
of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance
whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or
equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative
Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, or any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility
by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit, or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder
(irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay
in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including
any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any
consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed
to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential
or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered
by any Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents
presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence
or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank
shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality
thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with
the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without
responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment
upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

(g) Disbursement
Procedures. The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the
Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter
of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative by
telephone (confirmed by fax or through Electronic System) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC
Disbursement thereunder; provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give
or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders
with respect to any such LC Disbursement.

60

(h) Interim
Interest. If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrowers shall reimburse
such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from
and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrowers reimburse such LC Disbursement, at the
rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement
is due and payable; provided that, if the Borrowers fail to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of
this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account
of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of
this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such
payment.

(i) Replacement
and Resignation of the Issuing Bank.

(i) The
Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent, the replaced
Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the
Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account
of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the
successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of
Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such
successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the
replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights
and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to
such replacement but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of
Credit.

(ii) Subject
to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty
days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning
Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above.

(j) Cash
Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives
notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders
with LC Exposure representing greater than 50.1% of the aggregate LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this
paragraph, the Borrowers shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the
benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal to 105% of the Dollar Equivalent
Amount of the amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation
to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without
demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or
(i) of Article VII. The Borrowers also shall deposit cash collateral in accordance with this paragraph as and to the
extent required by Sections 2.11(b) or 2.20. Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral
for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including
the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent a security
interest in the LC Collateral Account and all moneys or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Other than any interest
earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent
and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments
shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for
LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement
obligations of the Borrowers for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the
consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50.1% of the aggregate LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other
Secured Obligations. If the Borrowers are required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of
an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrowers within three (3) Business
Days after all such Events of Default have been cured or waived as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent.

61

(k) Issuing
Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition
to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic
activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued
by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements
and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit,
the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or
extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof
shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such
LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which a Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to
such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day,
such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank.

(l) LC
Exposure Determination. For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any
document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum
stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect
at the time of determination.

62

(m) Existing
Letters of Credit. The Borrowers and the Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that each of the Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute
a Letter of Credit under this Agreement on and after the Restatement Date with the same effect as if such Existing Letter of Credit were
issued by the Issuing Bank at the request of the Borrowers on the Restatement Date.

SECTION 2.07. Funding
of Borrowings.

(a) Each
Lender shall make each Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof in the currency specified in the Borrowing
Request with respect to such Loan solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m., New York, New York time, to the
account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such
Lenders Applicable Percentage; provided Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative
Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower Representative by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account
of the Administrative Agent to the Funding Account(s); provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of
an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank.

(b) Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not
make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such
Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its
share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers each severally
agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at
(i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to ABR
Revolving Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan
included in such Borrowing; provided, that any interest received from the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent during the period
beginning when Administrative Agent funded the Borrowing until such Lender pays such amount shall be solely for the account of the Administrative
Agent.

SECTION 2.08. Interest
Elections.

(a) Each
Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term
Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower Representative
may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing,
may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower Representative may elect different options with respect
to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding
the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall
not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.

63

(b) To
make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by submitting
an Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent through Electronic System or the Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers
option), in each case to the extent arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing
Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrowers were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such
election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed
by a Responsible Office of the Borrower Representative; provided that, if such Interest Election Request is submitted through the Approved
Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent.

(c) Each
Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the
name of the applicable Borrower and the Agreed Currency and principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request
applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated
to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be
specified for each resulting Borrowing);

(ii) the
effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii) whether
the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or a RFR Borrowing; and

(iv) if
the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election,
which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period.

If any such Interest Election Request requests
a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowers shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period
of one months duration.

(d) Promptly
following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of
the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e) If
the Borrower Representative fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing
in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the
end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of such Interest Period. If the Borrower
fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing in an Alternative Currency
prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in
its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary provision
hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so
notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (1) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted
to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (2) unless repaid, (x) each Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated
in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (y) each Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus
the Applicable Rate; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark
Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall either be (a) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars
(in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) at the end of the Interest Period, as applicable, therefor
or (b) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable, in full; provided that if no election is made by the
Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the
last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above.

64

SECTION 2.09. Termination
and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments.

(a) Unless
previously terminated, all the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

(b) The
Borrowers may at any time terminate the Revolving Commitments upon (i) the payment in full of all outstanding Revolving Loans and
LC Disbursements, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters
of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a cash deposit
(or at the discretion of the Borrowers a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank)
in an amount equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of such date), (iii) the payment in full of the accrued and unpaid fees and (iv) the
payment in full of all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

(c) The
Borrowers may from time to time reduce the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments
shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrowers shall not terminate
or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11,
the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments.

(d) The
Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under
paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination
or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent
shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower Representative pursuant to this Section shall
be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower Representative may
state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by
the Borrower Representative (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is
not satisfied. Any partial reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall result in a pro rata reduction of the Foreign Currency Sublimit,
the Euro Sublimit and the Sterling Sublimit, in each case, as determined by the Administrative Agent and notified to the Borrower Representative,
and any such determination by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments
shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving
Commitments.

65

(e) The
Borrowers shall have the right to (i) increase the Revolving Commitments by obtaining additional Revolving Commitments, and/or (ii) request
term loans be made pursuant to (and to constitute a part of) any existing Class of term loans and/or one or more additional Classes
of term loans under this Agreement, in each case, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution (any such additional
Revolving Commitments and/or term loans, the Incremental Loans); provided that:

(i) after
giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of Incremental Loans shall not exceed an amount equal to the sum of (x) $437,000,000,
plus (y) an unlimited amount so long as immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental
Loans, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than 3.75:1.00;

(ii) the
Administrative Agent has approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld;

(iii) any
such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder;

(iv) the
procedures described in Section 2.09(f) have been satisfied;

(v) the
Incremental Loans shall have a maturity date on or after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date;

(vi) the
interest rate margins for any Incremental Loans in the form of Revolving Commitment shall be the same as the interest rate margins for
the Revolving Commitments as set forth on the Restatement Date; and

(vii) the
interest rate margin, amortization, mandatory prepayment and other terms for any Incremental Loans in the form of term loans shall be
as determined in good faith by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Incremental Loans.

66

Nothing contained in this Section 2.09
shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase any existing Commitment or establish
any new Commitment hereunder at any time.

(f) Any
amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only
require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and each Lender being added, increasing its Revolving Commitment,
or providing new or additional term loan commitments, as the case may be. As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition, the
Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer
of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase,
and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition, (1) the
representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct (or, in the case of any
representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language,
in all respects after giving effect to such qualification), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (or in all respects
after giving effect to any materiality qualifier, as applicable) as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case
may be and (2) no Event of Default exists, (ii) legal opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Restatement
Date, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) such other documents, instruments, officers certificates
and other customary closing deliverables, in each case, consistent with those delivered on the Restatement Date and in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(g) On
the effective date of any such increase or addition, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending)
its Revolving Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent or other applicable Agent such amounts in immediately available
funds as such Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to
such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lenders portion of the outstanding
Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative
Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal,
interest, Commitment Fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and re-borrowed all outstanding
Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the Revolving Commitments (with such re-borrowing to consist of the Types
of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower Representative, in accordance
with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding
sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall
be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other
than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any increase or addition,
the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase or
addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower Representative, whereupon such
revised Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement.

67

This Section 2.09 shall supersede
any provisions in Section 9.02 or 9.04 to the contrary

SECTION 2.10. Repayment
and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt.

(a) The
Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then
unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and (ii) to the Swingline Lender the then
unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the fifth Business Day after
such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Loan is made, the Borrowers shall repay all Swingline
Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Revolving Loan shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline
Loans outstanding.

(b) Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such
Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender
from time to time hereunder.

(c) The
Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and
Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, if any, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or
to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative
Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.

(d) The
entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence
of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative
Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e) Any
Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrowers shall prepare, execute and deliver
to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns)
and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall
at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such
form.

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment
of Loans.

(a) The
Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice
in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.16.

68

(b) In
the event and on such occasion that the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Commitments,
the Borrowers shall prepay the Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, deposit
cash collateral in the LC Collateral Account in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, in accordance with Section 2.06(j));
provided that if the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Commitments due to currency
fluctuations, no prepayment shall be required until the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds 105% of the aggregate Commitments; provided
further that, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments for more than two (2) consecutive
Business Days.

(c) The
Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender)
by telephone (confirmed by fax) or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent,
of any prepayment under this Section: (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New
York, New York time, (x) with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in dollars, three (3) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days or (y) with respect to any other Term Benchmark Borrowing or any RFR Borrowing, four (4) Business Days, before
the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York, New York time,
on the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York, New York
time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount
of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional
notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be
revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such
notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be
in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02,
except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably
to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required
by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16.

SECTION 2.12. Fees.

(a) The
Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) based upon the Total Leverage
Ratio set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate, for the account of each Revolving Lender, which Commitment Fee shall
accrue at the Applicable Rate per annum on the average daily amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender
during the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Commitments
terminate; it being understood that the LC Exposure of a Lender shall be included and the Swingline Exposure of a Lender shall be excluded
in the drawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender for purposes of calculating the commitment fee. Accrued commitment fees
shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the
Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed
on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding
the last day).

69

(b) The
Borrowers agree to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect
to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable
to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the daily Dollar Equivalent Amount of such Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof
attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the later of
the date on which such Lenders Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure
(the Letter of Credit Fees), and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of
0.125% per annum on the daily Dollar Equivalent Amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank
(excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Date
to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as
well as the Issuing Banks standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer,
presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees
accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third
Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Restatement Date; provided that all
such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which
the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph
shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a
year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

(c) The
Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed
upon between the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, in the Fee Letter.

(d) All
fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to
the Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the
Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.13. Interest.

(a) The
Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable
Rate.

(b) The
Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable,
for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.

70

(c) Each
RFR Loan shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at
their option, or automatically in the case of any Event of Default pursuant to clauses (h) or (i) of Section VII,
by notice to the Borrower Representative (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision
of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected thereby for reductions in interest rates), declare
that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs
of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2% plus the rate
applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder.

(e) Accrued
interest on each Loan (for ABR Loans, accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest
Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) interest
accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment
of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal
amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of
any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the
Restatement Date of such conversion.

(f) All
interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that (i) interest computed by reference to the Alternate
Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366
days in a leap year) and (ii) interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) in the
case of Borrowings made in Sterling, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day
but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR,
or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(g) Interest
computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate or Daily Simple RFR hereunder shall be computed on the
basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Sterling, the Alternate Base Rate
at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in
a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the
last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such
Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, EURIBOR Rate or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent,
and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

71

SECTION 2.14. Alternate
Rate of Interest; Illegality. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14,
if:

(i) the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement
of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, or the EURIBOR Rate, as applicable (including because the EURIBOR Screen
Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest
Period, or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or

(ii) the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark
Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, or the EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, for the applicable Agreed Currency
and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans
(or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost
to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice
thereof to the Borrower Representative and the Lenders through Electronic System as provided in Section 9.01 as promptly
as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative and the Lenders that the
circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower Representative
delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with
the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or
continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing
shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long
as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) be repaid or
converted into an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above
and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for
an ABR Borrowing; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other
Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on
the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with
respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies
the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark
and (y) the Borrower Representative delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or
a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of
the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by
the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the
subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject
of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by
the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan.

72

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document
for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior
to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined
in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark
Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of
the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark
Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at
or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided
to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document
so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders
comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class .

(c) In
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower Representative
and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement,
(iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of
a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders)
pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and
binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14.

73

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for
such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative,
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such
time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is
not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark
Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f) Upon
the Borrower Representatives receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower Representative
may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be
made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted
(1) any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long
as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily
Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (2) any such request for an RFR Borrowing into a request for an ABR
Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available
Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in
any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower Representatives
receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark
Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (1) any
Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such
day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Loan so long as the Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the
subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative
Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan.

74

SECTION 2.15. Increased
Costs.

(a) If
any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement,
insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except
any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable) or the Issuing Bank;
or

(ii) impose
on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any
other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or
participation therein; or

(iii) subject
any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of
the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments,
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall
be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan (or of
maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of
participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender,
the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrowers will pay to such
Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender,
the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) If
any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect
of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or
the Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of or the Loans made by, or participations
in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that
which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for
such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders
or the Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrowers will
pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing
Bank or such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c) A
certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to
the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as
the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

75

(d) Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver
of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be
required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more
than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower Representative of the
Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks intention to claim
compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive,
then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.16. Break
Funding Payments.

(a) With
respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than
on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment
of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto,
(c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant
hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the
assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by
the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (v) the failure by the Borrowers to make
any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its
scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender
for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Term Benchmark Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender
shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (x) the amount of interest which would
have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR
Rate, as applicable that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then
current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the
Interest Period for such Loan), over (y) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the
interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency
of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such Agreed Currency, whether or not
such Term Benchmark Loan was in fact so funded. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled
to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

(b) With
respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable
thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow
or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked
under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the
Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) 
or (iv) the failure by the Borrowers to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof)
denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event,
the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting
forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower
Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such
certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

76

SECTION 2.17. Withholding
of Taxes; Gross-Up.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without
deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith
discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding
agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount
deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax,
then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been
made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17), the applicable
Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable
law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes.

(c) Evidence
of Payment. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17,
such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.

(d) Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts
payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to
the Borrower Representative by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or
on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

77

(e) Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor,
for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified
the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any
Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance
of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the
Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether
or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount
of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document
or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent
under this paragraph (e).

(f) Status
of Lenders.

(i) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall
deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or
the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation
prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower
Representative or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting
requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below)
shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender
to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which
such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative
or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding
tax;

78

(B) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent
(in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative
Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(1) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party (x) with respect to payments
of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits
or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy
of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
as applicable; or

(4) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2
or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio
interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on
behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent
(in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative
Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S.
federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit
the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

79

(D) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent such documentation
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation
reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower Representative and
the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders
obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D),
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if
any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification or promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do
so.

(g) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party
the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental
Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying
party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position
than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted,
withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid.
This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information
relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

80

(h) Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document (including the Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations).

(i) Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable
law includes FATCA.

SECTION 2.18. Payments
Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Setoffs.

(a) Except
with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrowers shall make each payment or prepayment
required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable
under Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) in Dollars prior to 2:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on the
date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder and (ii) all payments with respect to principal and interest on Loans
denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made in such Alternative Currency not later than the applicable time specified by the
Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein, in each case, in immediately available funds, without setoff, recoupment or counterclaim.
Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received
on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative
Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Suite IL1-0480, Chicago, IL 60603-2300, except payments to be made directly
to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16,
2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments
received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Unless otherwise
provided for herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended
to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period
of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in the same currency as the applicable Loan or LC Disbursement is denominated.

(b) Any
proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal,
interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Borrowers), or (B) a mandatory
prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first, to pay
any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the
Issuing Bank from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second,
to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services
Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third, to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth, to
prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and to pay any amounts owing with respect to Swap Agreement Obligations
up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, ratably, fifth,
to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105%) of the aggregate LC Exposure, to be held as cash
collateral for such Obligations, and sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing in respect of Banking Services Obligations up
to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, and seventh,
to the payment of any other Secured Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower Representative, or unless a
Default is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any Term Benchmark
Loan of a Class, except (i) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (ii) in the event, and only
to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans of the same Class and, in any such event, the Borrowers shall pay the break
funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing
and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations.

81

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Secured Obligations arising under Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations shall be excluded from the application described
above and paid in clause seventh if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting
documentation as the Administrative Agent may have reasonably requested from the applicable provider of such Banking Services or Swap
Agreements.

(c) At
the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses
(including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums
payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder, whether made following a request by the
Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.05 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may
be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrowers maintained with the Administrative Agent. The Borrowers hereby irrevocably authorize
(i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes
due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agree that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including
Swingline Loans), and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.05,
as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of any Borrower maintained with the Administrative
Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents.

(d) If,
except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain
payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender
receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans
and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater
proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans
of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance
with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline
Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto
is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest,
and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in
accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of
a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than
to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents
to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant
to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation.

82

(e) Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account
of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is fixed for prepayment
by notice from the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11(e)), notice from the Borrower
Representative that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment
on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the
case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing
Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such
Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding
the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

(f) If
any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding
any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender
for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder
until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral
for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender hereunder. Application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above
shall be made in such order as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.

(g) The
Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrowers with account statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured
Obligations (the Statements). The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which,
if provided, will be solely for the Borrowers convenience. Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant
billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations. If the Borrowers pay the full amount indicated on
a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrowers shall not be in default of payment with respect to the
billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of
any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not
constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agents or the Lenders right to receive payment in full at another time.

83

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional
amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender
shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights
and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in
the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous
to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such
designation or assignment.

(b) If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional
amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender
becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative
Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in
Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or
2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee
may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrowers shall have received the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04,
the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received
payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment
resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17,
such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment
and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require
such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph
may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the assignee
(or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic
Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment
need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the
terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to
execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that
any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

84

SECTION 2.20. Defaulting
Lenders.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a
Defaulting Lender:

(a) fees
shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a);

(b) any
payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender
(whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.18(b) or otherwise) or received by the Administrative
Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative
Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second,
to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder;
third, to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower
Representative may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting
Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so
determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order
to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and
(y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued
under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or
Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline
Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or
under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the
Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as
a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth,
to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a
payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its
appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth
in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to,
all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such
Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding
to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments
without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that
are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed
paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto;

85

(c) such
Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided
in Section 9.02(b)) and the Commitment and Revolving Exposure shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders
have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02,
this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring
the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby;

(d) if
any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

(i) all
or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred
to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their
respective Applicable Percentages but only (x) to the extent that the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied
at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (y) to the extent that such
reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposure to exceed its Revolving
Commitment;

(ii) if
the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one (1) Business
Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash
collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders
LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding;

(iii) if
the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower
shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting
Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized;

(iv) if
the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders
pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders
Applicable Percentages; and

86

(v) if
all or any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or
(ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit
fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the
Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and

(e) so
long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank
shall not be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure
and such Defaulting Lenders then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders
and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(d), and Swingline Exposure related
to any such newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among
non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate
therein).

If (i) a Bankruptcy
Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to the Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event
shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling
its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required
to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline
Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to
the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder.

In the event that each of
the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied
all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted
to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Revolving Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase
at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary
in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.

SECTION 2.21. Returned
Payments. If, after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment
effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such
payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined
to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant
to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended
to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not
been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective
notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment
or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

87

SECTION 2.22. Banking
Services and Swap Agreements. Each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such
Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement
Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In furtherance
of that requirement, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall furnish the Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant
change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations
and Swap Agreement Obligations. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining which tier
of the waterfall, contained in Section 2.18(b), such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations will
be placed. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as Chase or its Affiliate is the Administrative Agent, neither Chase nor any of its Affiliates
providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party shall be
required to provide any notice described in this Section 2.22 in respect of such Banking Services or Swap Agreements.

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the
Lenders that (and where applicable, agrees):

SECTION 3.01. Organization;
Powers. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where
the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified
to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.

SECTION 3.02. Authorization;
Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Loan Partys corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate or other organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document to which each
Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law.

SECTION 3.03. Governmental
Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any
other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for
filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable
to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument
binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to
require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or
other requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents.

88

SECTION 3.04. Financial
Condition; No Material Adverse Change.

(a) The
Company and Stagwell Marketing heretofore furnished to the Lenders the audited consolidated financial statements of each of the Company
and Stagwell Marketing as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, certified by its respective chief financial officer
or president. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and
cash flows of the Company and Stagwell Marketing, as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end
audit adjustments all of which, when taken as a whole, would not be materially adverse.

(b) No
event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since December 31,
2024.

SECTION 3.05. Properties.

(a) As
of the date of this Agreement, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is owned or leased by
any Loan Party. Each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect,
and no default by any party to any such lease or sublease exists. Each of the Loan Parties and each Subsidiary has good and indefeasible
title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.02.

(b) Each
Loan Party and each Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property
necessary to its business as currently conducted, a correct and complete list of which, as of the date of this Agreement, is set forth
on Schedule 3.05, and the use thereof by each Loan Party and each Subsidiary does not infringe in any material respect upon the
rights of any other Person, and each Loan Partys and each Subsidiarys rights thereto are not subject to any licensing agreement
or similar arrangement except as disclosed on Schedule 3.05.

SECTION 3.06. Litigation
and Environmental Matters.

(a) There
are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any
Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of
an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result
in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters set forth on Schedule 3.06) or (ii) that involve any Loan
Document or the Transactions.

89

(b) Except
for the Disclosed Matters, (i) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental
Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability and (ii) and except with respect to any other matters that, individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary (A) has
failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under
any Environmental Law (B) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (C) has received notice of any claim with respect
to any Environmental Liability or (D) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.

(c) Since
the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has
resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.07. Compliance
with Laws and Agreements; No Default. Except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with (i) all Requirements
of Law applicable to it or its property and (ii) all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property.
No Default has occurred and is continuing.

SECTION 3.08. Investment
Company Status. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under,
the Investment Company Act of 1940.

SECTION 3.09. Taxes.
Other than as set forth in Schedule 3.09, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns
and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes
that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has
set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.02 and to the knowledge of any of the Borrowers, no tax liens
have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes.

SECTION 3.10. ERISA.
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability
is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated
benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87)
did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of
such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting
such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans, except as would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure.
The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or
on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact
or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such
information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected
financial information was delivered prior to the Restatement Date, as of the Restatement Date.

90

SECTION 3.12. Material
Agreements. All material agreements and contracts to which any Loan Party is a party or is bound as of the date of this Agreement
are listed on Schedule 3.12. No Loan Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations,
covenants or conditions contained in (i) any material agreement to which it is a party or (ii) any agreement or instrument
evidencing or governing Indebtedness.

SECTION 3.13. Solvency.

(a) Immediately
after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Restatement Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of each Loan Party,
at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable
value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts
and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) each
Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become
absolute and matured; and (iv) no Loan Party will have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it
is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Restatement Date.

(b) No
Loan Party intends to, nor will permit any Subsidiary to, and no Loan Party believes that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond
its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such
Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary.

SECTION 3.14. Insurance.
Schedule 3.14 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries
as of the Restatement Date. As of the Restatement Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Loan Parties believe
that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is adequate and is customary for companies engaged
in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.

SECTION 3.15. Capitalization
and Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.15 sets forth (a) a correct and complete list of the name and relationship to the Borrowers
and each Subsidiary, (b) a true and complete listing of each class of each of the Borrowers authorized Equity Interests,
of which all of such issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and owned beneficially and
of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15, and (c) the type of entity of the Company and each Subsidiary. All
of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect
to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.

91

SECTION 3.16. Security
Interest in Collateral. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all the Collateral
in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and once necessary filings are accomplished such Liens
constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan
Party and all third parties, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances,
to the extent any such Permitted Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any
applicable law or agreement and (b) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title), to the
extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral.

SECTION 3.17. Employment
Matters. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation
of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. All payments
due from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, on account of
wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan
Party or such Subsidiary.

SECTION 3.18. Margin
Regulations. No Loan Party is engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of
purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds
of any Borrowing hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing,
not more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of any Loan Party only or of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis) will be Margin Stock.

SECTION 3.19. Use
of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans have been used and will be used, whether directly or indirectly as set forth in Section 5.08.

SECTION 3.20. No
Burdensome Restrictions. No Loan Party is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.10.

SECTION 3.21. Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions. Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and, to the knowledge of such Loan Party,
its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly
engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of
(a) any Loan Party, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors or officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of
any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or
benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction
or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.

92

SECTION 3.22. Affiliate
Transactions. Other than employment agreements and except as set forth on Schedule 3.22, as of the date of this Agreement,
there are no existing or proposed agreements, arrangements, understandings or transactions between any Loan Party and any of the officers,
members, managers, directors, stockholders, parents, holders of other Equity Interests, employees or Affiliates (other than Subsidiaries)
of any Loan Party or any members of their respective immediate families, and none of the foregoing Persons is directly or indirectly
indebted to or has any direct or indirect ownership, partnership, or voting interest in any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any Person
with which any Loan Party has a business relationship or which competes with any Loan Party.

SECTION 3.23. Affected
Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

SECTION 3.24. Plan
Assets; Prohibited Transactions. None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets
(within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated
under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

SECTION 3.25. Common
Enterprise. The successful operation and condition of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the continued successful performance
of the functions of the group of the Loan Parties as a whole and the successful operation of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on
the successful performance and operation of each other Loan Party. Each Loan Party expects to derive benefit (and its board of directors
or other governing body has determined that it may reasonably be expected to derive benefit), directly and indirectly, from (a) successful
operations of each of the other Loan Parties and (b) the credit extended by the Lenders to the Borrowers hereunder, both in their
separate capacities and as members of the group of companies. Each Loan Party has determined that execution, delivery, and performance
of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents to be executed by such Loan Party is within its purpose, in furtherance of its direct
and/or indirect business interests, will be of direct and indirect benefit to such Loan Party, and is in its best interest.

SECTION 3.26. Covered
Entity. No Loan Party is a Covered Party.

SECTION 3.27. Beneficial
Ownership. As of the Restatement Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered pursuant to Section 4.01
is true and correct in all respects.

93

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Restatement
Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become
effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a) Credit
Agreement and Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either
(A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent (which may include fax or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has
signed a counterpart of this Agreement (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments
and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the
order of each such requesting Lender, and (iii) written opinions of the Loan Parties counsel (including opinions of foreign
counsel to the Borrowers), addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

(b) Projections.
The Lenders shall have received a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and
cash flow statement) of the Company for the five-year period following the Restatement Date in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent.

(c) Closing
Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a
certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Restatement Date and executed by its Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or similar officer, which
shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance
of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Loan
Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of a Borrower, its Financial Officers, and (C) contain
appropriate attachments, including the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation of each Loan Party certified
by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its bylaws or operating,
management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, and (ii) a long form good standing certificate
for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization.

(d) No
Default Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by the chief financial officer or president
of each Borrower, dated as of the Restatement Date (i) stating that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
(ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true and correct as of such date, and (iii) certifying
as to any other factual matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

94

(e) Fees.
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses required to be reimbursed
for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Restatement Date.
All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Restatement Date and will be reflected in the funding instructions given
by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent on or before the Restatement Date.

(f) Lien
Searches. The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in the jurisdiction of organization of
each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the
assets of the Loan Parties except for liens permitted by Section 6.02 or discharged on or prior to the Restatement Date pursuant
to a payoff letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(g) Funding
Account. The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth the deposit accounts of each Borrower (the Funding
Accounts) to which the Administrative Agent is authorized by each Borrower to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested
or authorized pursuant to this Agreement.

(h) Solvency.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Company dated the Restatement
Date in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(i) Pledged
Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes. Subject to Section 9.25(a), the Administrative Agent shall have received,
to the extent not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged
pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized
officer of the pledgor thereof, (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security
Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof, and (iii) the
Pledge Agreements.

(j) Filings,
Registrations and Recordings. The Administrative Agent shall have received from each of the Loan Parties a completed perfection certificate,
dated the Restatement Date and signed on behalf of such Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. Each document
(including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other
than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation.

(k) Letter
of Credit Application. The Administrative Agent shall have received a properly completed letter of credit application (whether standalone
or pursuant to a master agreement, as applicable) if the issuance of a Letter of Credit will be required on the Restatement Date.

95

(l) Legal
Due Diligence. The Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have completed all legal due diligence, the results of which shall
be satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the debt instruments, material accounts, and governing documents
of the Borrowers shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(m) USA
PATRIOT Act, Etc. The Administrative Agent shall have received, (i) at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement Date,
all documentation and other information regarding the Borrowers requested in connection with applicable know your customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, (ii) to the extent the Borrowers qualify as
a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement
Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to each Borrower, and (iii) a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8
or W-9, as applicable, for each Loan Party.

(n) Other
Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender
or their respective counsel may have reasonably requested. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Issuing
Bank of the Restatement Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

SECTION 4.02. Each
Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend,
renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) The
representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects
with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension
of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made
as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any
representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects).

(b) At
the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of
Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

(c) After
giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, Availability shall not be less
than zero.

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof
as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) and (c) of this Section.

Notwithstanding the failure to satisfy the conditions
precedent set forth in paragraphs (a) or (b) or (c) of this Section, the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the
Required Lenders, may, but shall have no obligation to, continue to make Loans and an Issuing Bank, with the consent of the Required
Lenders, may, but shall have no obligation to, issue, amend, renew or extend, or cause to be issued, amended, renewed or extended, any
Letter of Credit for the ratable account and risk of Lenders from time to time if the Administrative Agent believes that making such
Loans or issuing, amending, renewing or extending, or causing the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of, any such Letter of Credit
is in the best interests of the Lenders.

96

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Until all of the Secured
Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all
of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that:

SECTION 5.01. Financial
Statements and Other Information. The Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, including their Public-Siders:

(a) within
one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of PublicCo, audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements
of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of PublicCo, the Company, the other Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of
the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on
by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification, commentary
or exception, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial
statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of PublicCo, the Company, and its
consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management or control
letter, if any, prepared by said accountants in connection with such financial statements;

(b) within
forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of PublicCo, the consolidated balance
sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of PublicCo, the Company, the other Loan Parties
and their Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in
each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the
end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative as presenting fairly in all material
respects the financial condition and results of operations of PublicCo, the Company, and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(c) concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying, in the
case of the financial statements delivered under clause (b) above, as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether a Default has
occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto,
(iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.12(a) and (b),
(iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements
referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements
accompanying such certificate, and (v) setting forth a detailed listing of all investments made by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary
that is not a Loan Party during such fiscal quarter but only to the extent such investments have changed since the previous fiscal quarter;

97

(d) [reserved];

(e) within
ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of PublicCo, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance
sheet, income statement and cash flow statement) of the Company for each fiscal quarter of the upcoming fiscal year (the Projections)
in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(f) concurrently
with any delivery of each Compliance Certificate, a detailed listing of all intercompany loans made by any Loan Party to any Affiliate
that is not a Loan Party during such fiscal quarter;

(g) promptly
after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with
any national securities exchange;

(h) promptly
following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, changes in ownership of Equity Interests, business
affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative
Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and

(i) promptly
after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of
ERISA that the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described
in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided
that if the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable
Multiemployer Plan, the Company or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such
administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof.

SECTION 5.02. Notices
of Material Events. The Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt (but in any event within any time
period that may be specified below) written notice of the following:

(a) the
occurrence of any Default;

(b) receipt
of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened against any Loan
Party or any Subsidiary as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that (i) seeks damages in
excess of $2,000,000, (ii) seeks injunctive relief, (iii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan, its fiduciaries or its
assets, (iv) alleges criminal misconduct by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (v) alleges the violation of, or seeks to impose
remedies under, any Environmental Law or related Requirement of Law, or seeks to impose Environmental Liability, (vi) asserts liability
on the part of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in excess of $2,000,000 in respect of any tax, fee, assessment, or other governmental
charge, or (vii) involves any product recall;

98

(c) the
occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $20,000,000;

(d) within
two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, any Loan Party entering into a Swap Agreement or an amendment to a Swap Agreement,
together with copies of all agreements evidencing such Swap Agreement or amendment;

(e) any
other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) the
occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event;

(g) any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to
the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and

(h) any
amendment or waiver of the terms of, or consent or forbearance, or other modification of, or any mandatory prepayment event, or notice
of default under, the MDC Notes Documents. Each notice delivered under this Section (i) shall be in writing and (ii) shall
be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower Representative setting forth the details
of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.03. Existence;
Conduct of Business. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) do or cause to be done all things
necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits,
franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business,
and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted; provided
that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03
and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as
it is presently conducted.

SECTION 5.04. Payment
of Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and
all other material liabilities and obligations, including Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where
(a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party has set
aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such
contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that Each Loan Party
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, remit withholding taxes and other payroll taxes to appropriate Governmental Authorities
as and when claimed to be due, notwithstanding the foregoing exceptions.

99

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance
of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct
of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

SECTION 5.06. Books
and Records; Inspection Rights. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep proper books of record
and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities
and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including employees of the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any consultants, accountants, lawyers, agents and appraisers retained by the Administrative Agent), upon reasonable
prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, conduct at the Loan Partys premises field examinations of the Loan Partys
assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records, environmental assessment
reports and Phase I or Phase II studies, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants,
all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, after
exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to the Loan Parties
assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

SECTION 5.07. Compliance
with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply
with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform
in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except, in each case, where the failure to
do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party will
maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.

SECTION 5.08. Use
of Proceeds.

(a) The
proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used only to finance the Transactions, for working capital needs, for general
corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, to refinance certain Indebtedness under the
Existing Credit Agreement on the Restatement Date, and finance Permitted Acquisitions and dividends and distributions, in each case,
to the extent such dividends, and distributions are permitted under the terms of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds of any Loan
and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (i) for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X or (ii) to make any Acquisition other than Permitted
Acquisitions or related Earn-out payments to the extent permitted hereunder.

100

(b) The
Borrowers will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and each Borrower shall procure that its Subsidiaries
and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit
(i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of
value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required
to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

SECTION 5.09. Accuracy
of Information. The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other documents, furnished to
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification
hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the furnishing of such
information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this
Section 5.09; provided that, with respect to the Projections, the Loan Parties will cause the Projections to be prepared
in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

SECTION 5.10. Insurance.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having a financial
strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company (a) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against
such risks (including loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal
activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established
repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (b) all insurance required pursuant
to the Collateral Documents. The Borrowers will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, but no less frequently
than annually, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained.

With respect to each real
property subject to a Mortgage that is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency)
as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under Flood Laws, the applicable
Loan Party (A) has obtained and will maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies (except to the extent that
any insurance company insuring such real property ceases to be financially sound and reputable after the Restatement Date, in which case,
the applicable Loan Party shall promptly replace such insurance company with a financially sound and reputable insurance company), such
flood insurance in such reasonable total amount as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may from time to time reasonably require,
and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Laws and (B) promptly
upon request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, will deliver to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, evidence
of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, including, without limitation,
evidence of annual renewals of such insurance.

101

SECTION 5.11. Casualty
and Condemnation. The Borrowers (a) will furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty
or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any
material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) will
ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected
and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents.

SECTION 5.12. People
With Significant Control Regime (United Kingdom). The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and each Subsidiary to,
(a) within the relevant timeframe, comply with any notice it receives pursuant to Part 21A of the United Kingdom Companies
Act 2006 from any company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose shares are the subject of Liens under the Collateral Documents and
(b) promptly provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of that notice.

SECTION 5.13. Depository
Banks. Subject to exceptions to be mutually agreed by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and their domestic
Subsidiaries will maintain the Administrative Agent or one of the Lenders as its principal depository bank, including for the maintenance
of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other deposit accounts for the conduct of its business.

SECTION 5.14. Additional
Collateral; Further Assurances.

(a) Subject
to applicable Requirements of Law, each Loan Party will cause each of its Material Domestic Subsidiaries (excluding any CFC Holdco, any
Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary and any Receivables Subsidiary) to become a Loan Party by executing a Joinder Agreement within 30 days
of the acquisition or formation of such Subsidiary. In connection therewith, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation
and other information regarding such Subsidiaries as may be required to comply with the applicable know your customer rules and
regulations, including the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person
(i) shall automatically become a Loan Guarantor and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral, including any parcel
of real property located in the U.S. owned by any Loan Party.

(b) Each
Loan Party will cause (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Material Domestic Subsidiaries and
(ii)(x) 65% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2))
and (y) to the extent not prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not
entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)), in each case, in each Material Foreign Subsidiary directly
owned by a Borrower or any domestic Subsidiary to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents
or other security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request; provided that if any Subsidiary is less than wholly
owned, any Equity Interests held by a Person that is not a Subsidiary of a Borrower shall not be required to be pledged (other than with
respect to the equity interests of Targeted Victory, LLC) pursuant to this clause (b) or otherwise.

102

(c) Without
limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Material Domestic Subsidiaries to, execute and deliver, or cause
to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken
such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other
documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required
by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by
the Collateral Documents, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and all at the expense of the
Loan Parties.

(d) If
any material assets (including any Material Real Property or improvements thereto or any interest therein) are acquired by any Loan Party
(other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement
upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower Representative will (i) provide prior written notice (or, in the case of Acquisitions with
aggregate consideration less than $50,000,000, within thirty (30) days following the acquisition thereof) to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, cause such assets to be subjected to
a Lien securing the Secured Obligations or, in the case of any Material Real Property, to be subjected to a negative pledge agreement
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) take, and cause each applicable Loan Party to take, such
actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions
described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.

(e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not enter into any Mortgage in respect of any real property until (1) the date that
occurs 30 days after the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders (which may be delivered electronically) the following documents
in respect of such real property: (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor; (ii) if such real property
is located in a special flood hazard area, (A) a notification to the Borrower Representative (or applicable Loan Party)
of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the Borrower Representative (or applicable Loan Party) that flood insurance coverage
is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the Borrower Representative (or applicable Loan Party) of such notice; and (iii) if
such notice is required to be provided to the Borrower Representative (or applicable Loan Party) and flood insurance is available in
the community in which such real property is located, evidence of required flood insurance and (2) the Administrative Agent shall
have received written confirmation from each of the Lenders that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has been
completed by the Lenders (such written confirmation not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed).

(f) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or otherwise to the contrary, (a) no CFC Holdco or Material Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to become
a Guarantor or provide any Collateral, (b) no Equity Interests of a CFC Holdco or foreign Subsidiary shall be pledged or subject
to Collateral, other than up to 65% of the voting Equity Interests in a first tier CFC Holdco or a Material Foreign Subsidiary and, to
the extent not prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, 100% of the non-voting Equity Interests of a first tier CFC Holdco that
is a Material Foreign Subsidy and Material Foreign Subsidiaries and (c) no Equity Interests of a Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary
shall be pledged or otherwise constitute Collateral, other than those Equity Interests in such Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary beneficially
owned and controlled by a Loan Party.

103

SECTION 5.15. Post-Closing
Requirements.

The Loan Parties shall perform
or cause to be performed each of the conditions subsequent set forth in Schedule 5.15 within the time periods specified therein.

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

Until all of the Secured
Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all
of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that:

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a) the
Secured Obligations;

(b) Indebtedness
existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any
such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (g) hereof;

(c) Indebtedness
of any Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to any Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) Indebtedness
of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (ii) Indebtedness
of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent;

(d) Indebtedness
of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to any Affiliate of any Borrower and of any Affiliate of any Borrower to any Borrower, any other Loan
Party or any Subsidiary, provided that (i) Indebtedness of any Affiliate to any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall
be subject to Section 6.04, (ii) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Affiliate shall be subordinated to the Secured
Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) such Indebtedness permitted by this clause (d) shall
not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding;

(e) Guarantees
by any Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided
that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by any Borrower
or other Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (iii) if
the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations, the Guarantees permitted under this clause (e) shall
be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms;

104

(f) Indebtedness
of any Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (whether
or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with
the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals
and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (g) below; provided that (i) such Indebtedness
is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the
aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (f) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof
permitted by clause (g) below, shall not exceed $30,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(g) Indebtedness
which represents extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements (such Indebtedness being so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced
being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness) of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b) and
(f) and (k) and (l) hereof (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original
Indebtedness); provided that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount or
interest rate of the Original Indebtedness (or, in the case of (l), increase the amount of the Original Indebtedness beyond $1,100,000,000),
(ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary,
(iii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is
required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a
shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness other than
fees and interests are not less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness and (vi) if
such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance
Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness;

(h) Indebtedness
owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability
insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(i) Indebtedness
of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in
each case provided in the ordinary course of business;

(j) Indebtedness
with respect to any Permitted Receivables Financing in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150,000,000 at any time;

(k) Indebtedness
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness exists at the time
such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the
aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (k) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof
permitted by clause (g) above, shall not exceed $20,000,000 at any time outstanding;

105

(l) unsecured
Indebtedness incurred under the MDC Notes Documents in an original principal amount not to exceed $1,100,000,000;

(m) the
incurrence by the Company or its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness under Swap Agreements to the extent permitted under Section 6.07;

(n) other
unsecured Indebtedness so long as the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such additional Indebtedness,
is less than the then applicable Total Leverage Ratio required pursuant to Section 6.12(a); and

(o) other
Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time.

SECTION 6.02. Liens.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset
now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including Accounts) or rights in respect of any thereof,
except:

(a) Liens
created pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b) Permitted
Encumbrances;

(c) any
Lien on any property or asset of any Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02; provided
that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of such Borrower or Subsidiary or any other Borrower or
Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and
replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(d) Liens
on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by any Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such
Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (f) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured
thereby are incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the
Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 90% of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and
(iv) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of any Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(e) any
Lien existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) prior to the acquisition thereof by any Borrower or any Subsidiary
or existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the date hereof
prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of
or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply
to any other property or assets of the Loan Party and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the
date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements
thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

106

(f) Liens
of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction
covering only the items being collected upon;

(g) Liens
arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06;

(h) Liens
granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of a Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such
Subsidiary;

(i) Liens
on Accounts disposed of in Supply Chain Financing permitted hereunder;

(j) Liens
that are granted or arise (or deemed to have been granted or arise) in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; provided
that no such Lien shall extend to any Collateral; and

(k) Liens
that are granted or arise in connection with any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(o).

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental
Changes.

(a) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to
merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect
thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person may merge into a Borrower in a transaction
in which the surviving entity is a Borrower, (ii) any Person may merge into any Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction in which
the surviving entity is a Subsidiary of the Company and, if any party to such merger is a Loan Party, such surviving entity is a Subsidiary
or becomes a Subsidiary that is a Loan Party concurrently with such merger to the extent required by Section 5.14, and (iii) any
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrowers determine in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution
is in the best interests of the Borrowers and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that any such merger
involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted
by Section 6.04.

(b) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrowers
and their Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto.

(c) (i) PublicCo
will not (A) engage in any business or activity other than the ownership of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Company and
the other Loan Parties, the continuance of its existence as the holding company of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the maintenance
of its status as a publicly listed company, and activities incidental thereto, (B) own or acquire any assets (other than Equity
Interests of the Company and the other Loan Parties, the cash proceeds of any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08,
and other assets with the consent of the Lenders, not to be unreasonably withheld), or (C) incur any liabilities (other than liabilities
under the Loan Documents, the MDC Notes Documents, guarantees with respect to Earn-outs and guarantees with respect to lease payment
and similar real estate-related payments, and liabilities reasonably necessary in connection with its purpose as the holding company
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and status as a publicly listed company, and activities incidental or necessary thereto) and (ii) Stagwell
Global will not (i) engage in any material business or activity other than the ownership of the outstanding Equity Interests of
its Subsidiaries, the continuance of its existence as the holding company of its Subsidiaries, and the maintenance of its existence,
and activities incidental thereto, (ii) own or acquire any assets (other than Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries and the cash
proceeds of any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08), or (iii) incur any material liabilities (other than
liabilities under the Loan Documents, the MDC Notes Documents, guarantees with respect to Earn-outs and guarantees with respect to lease
payment and similar real estate-related payments, Indebtedness subordinated to the Secured Obligations, and other liabilities reasonably
necessary in connection with its purpose as the holding company of the its Subsidiaries and activities incidental or necessary thereto).

107

(d) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to change its fiscal year or any fiscal quarter from the basis in effect on the Restatement
Date.

(e) No
Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared.

(f) No
Loan Party will change the tax filing elections it has made under the Code.

(g) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person, without the prior written consent
of Administrative Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if any Loan Party that is a limited liability company consummates a Division
(with or without the prior consent of Administrative Agent as required above), each Division Successor shall be required to comply with
the obligations set forth in Section 5.14 and the other further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents and
become a Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

SECTION 6.04. Investments,
Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, form any Subsidiary after
the Restatement Date in order to, or purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan
Party and a Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option,
warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations
of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction
or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger
or otherwise), except:

(a) Permitted
Investments, subject to control agreements in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or otherwise subject
to a perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties;

(b) investments
in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule 6.04;

108

(c) investments
by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries in Equity Interests in their respective Subsidiaries or in joint ventures, provided that
(i) any such Equity Interests held by a Loan Party shall be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement (subject to the limitations
applicable to Equity Interests of a foreign Subsidiary and CFC Holdco referred to in Section 5.14) and (ii) the aggregate
amount of investments by Loan Parties in (1) Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (2) joint ventures and (3) business
and assets that are not located in the United States (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted under Section 6.04(d) and
outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed the greater of (A) (x) $10,000,000 in
any fiscal year and (y) $20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs
or write-offs) and (B) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such
investment, an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);

(d) loans
or advances made by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of a Loan Party or any joint venture of a Loan Party and made by
any Subsidiary or any Affiliate to a Loan Party (other than PublicCo) or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) any
such loans and advances made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, (ii) the
amount of such loans and advances made by Loan Parties to (1) Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (2) joint ventures or
(3) to support business or assets that are not located in the United States (together with outstanding investments permitted under
Section 6.04(c) and outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed the greater
of (A) $10,000,000 in any fiscal year (and in no event to exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding, in each case
determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) and (B) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or would result after giving effect to such loan or advance, an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (in each case determined
without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) and (iii) the amount of such loans and advances made by Loan Parties to Affiliates
(other than PublicCo) that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall
not exceed the greater of (A) $15,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or
write-offs) and (B) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such loan
or advance, an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);

(e) Guarantees
constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, provided (i) that the aggregate principal amount
of Indebtedness of (1) Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (2) joint ventures or (3) to support business or assets
that are not located in the United States, in each case, that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party (together with outstanding investments
permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(c) and outstanding intercompany loans permitted under
clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(d)) shall not exceed the greater of (A) (x) $10,000,000 in any
fiscal year and (y) $20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs
or write-offs) and (B) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such
Guarantees, an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs)
and (ii) that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Affiliates (other than PublicCo) that are not Loan Parties that
is Guaranteed by any Loan Party (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted under clause (iii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(d))
shall not exceed the greater of (A) $15,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs
or write-offs) and (B) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such
Guarantees, an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);

109

(f) loans
or advances made by a Loan Party to its employees on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes up to a maximum of $1,500,000 in the aggregate at any one
time outstanding;

(g) notes
payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement
of such Account Debtors Accounts in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices;

(h) investments
in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07;

(i) investments
of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower or consolidates or merges with a Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition), so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of
such Person becoming a Subsidiary or of such merger;

(j) investments
received in connection with the disposition of assets permitted by Section 6.05;

(k) investments
constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances;

(l) Permitted
Acquisitions;

(m) investments
in an aggregate amount of not greater than (x) $100,000,000 and (y) (i) $50,000,000 in any fiscal year with respect to
any domestic Subsidiaries and (ii) $50,000,000 in any fiscal year with respect to any foreign Subsidiaries;

(n) other
investments in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);

(o) investments
made in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, including investments made to fund the payment of fees and expenses incurred
in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing and the purchase of assets pursuant to a repurchase obligation in connection with
any Permitted Receivables Financing; and

(p) investments
in any previously designated Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed $15,000,000 in any fiscal year.

Except as permitted in clause (p) above
with respect to any intellectual property that is primarily related to the Cloud-Based Business, the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding,
in no event shall any Loan Party be permitted to transfer, directly or indirectly, to any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not also
a Loan Party or to any other Person that is not a Loan Party to the extent that such transaction would involve the transfer of (x) intellectual
property that is material to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (y) the Equity Interests of any
Subsidiary of the Company that has an interest in intellectual property that is material to the operation of the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries.

110

SECTION 6.05. Asset
Sales. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including
any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will any Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Subsidiary
(other than to another Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04), except:

(a) sales,
transfers and dispositions of (i) Inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) used, obsolete, worn out or surplus
Equipment or property in the ordinary course of business, and (iii) leases or subleases of real property not useful in the conduct
of the business of a Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries;

(b) sales,
transfers and dispositions of assets to any Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that any such sales, transfers or dispositions
involving a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.04 and Section 6.09;

(c) sales,
transfers and dispositions of Accounts (including, without limitation, sales, transfers and dispositions of Accounts on a non-recourse
basis not in excess of $15,000,000, in the aggregate in any fiscal month, in connection with Supply Chain Financing but otherwise excluding
sales or dispositions in a factoring arrangement) in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof;

(d) sales,
transfers and dispositions of Permitted Investments and other investments permitted by clauses (i) and (k) of Section 6.04;

(e) Sale
and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06;

(f) dispositions
resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding
of, any property or asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary;

(g) sales
of assets identified to the Administrative Agent prior to the Restatement Date and described in Schedule 6.05, including, so long
as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such sale;

(h) sales
of assets with a fair market value not to exceed the greater of (i) 10% of EBITDA for the trailing four quarter period immediately
preceding such transaction and (ii) $30,000,000 in any trailing four quarter period pursuant to this clause (h);

(i) sales
of non-core assets, so long as, with respect to any such sale of greater than $10,000,000, at least 75% of the proceeds of such sale
are received as cash; and

111

(j) sales
of investments in joint ventures otherwise permitted under the Credit Agreement;

(k) transactions
permitted by Section 6.02;

(l) other
sales, transfers and other dispositions of assets (other than Equity Interests in a Subsidiary unless all Equity Interests in such Subsidiary
are sold) that are not permitted by any other clause of this Section, so long as the Total Leverage Ratio for the four quarter period
immediately preceding such transaction for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (determined on
a pro forma basis after giving effect to such transaction) is less than 3.00 to 1.00;

(m) dispositions
of accounts receivable, payables or securitization assets or any related assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing;
and

(n) sales,
transfers and dispositions of assets with a fair market value not to exceed the greater of (i) 5.0% of EBITDA for the trailing
four quarter period immediately preceding such transaction and (ii) $22,500,000, in the aggregate, to any subsidiary in connection
with the Cloud-Based Business;

provided
that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted under this Section 6.05 (other than those permitted by
paragraphs (b), (d), and (f) shall be made for fair value and for at least 75% cash consideration.

Except as permitted in clause (n) above
with respect to any intellectual property that is primarily related to the Cloud-Based Business, in no event shall any Loan Party be
permitted to transfer, directly or indirectly, to any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not also a Loan Party or to any other Person
that is not a Loan Party to the extent that such transaction would involve the transfer of (x) intellectual property that is material
to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (y) the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Company
that has an interest in intellectual property that is material to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed
of as expressly permitted by this Section 6.05, such Collateral shall be Disposed of free and clear of the Liens created by the
Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon consummation of such Disposition; it being understood and agreed that
the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take any actions requested by the Borrower in order to effect the foregoing;
provided that, in the case of a Disposition by a Loan Party to another Loan Party, the transferee Loan Party shall, substantially concurrently
with such release, cause the relevant assets Disposed to it to become part of its Collateral.

SECTION 6.06. Sale
and Leaseback Transactions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly,
whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as
the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital
assets by any Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed
or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such
fixed or capital asset.

112

SECTION 6.07. Swap
Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements
entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity
Interests of any Borrower or any Subsidiary), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange
interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing
liability or investment of any Borrower or any Subsidiary.

SECTION 6.08. Restricted
Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness.

(a) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted
Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except:

(i) any
Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, and,
with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock;

(ii) any
Loan Party (other than the Company) or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to its Equity
Interests;

(iii) the
Borrowers may make Restricted Payments in the form of non-cash distributions of non-voting Equity Interests pursuant to and in accordance
with stock option plans, incentive plans, or other benefit plans for management or employees of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries;

(iv) the
Borrowers may pay Tax Distributions as provided in Section 6.08(c);

(v) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Company
may declare and pay dividends in an amount not to exceed $25,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year;

(vi) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Company
may declare and pay dividends in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount Basket;

(vii) so
long as (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, (y) the
Total Leverage Ratio for the four quarter period immediately preceding such transaction for which financial statements have been delivered
pursuant to Section 5.01 is not greater than 0.25 to 1.00 less than the then applicable Total Leverage Ratio required pursuant
to Section 6.12(a) on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such transaction, and (z) within five (5) Business
Days prior to the payment of such payment the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate (with appropriate calculations attached
thereto) of the chief financial officer or president of the Borrower Representative certifying that the conditions in clauses (x) and
(y) will be satisfied before and after giving effect to such payment, the Borrowers may pay Earn-outs in connection with any Permitted
Acquisition;

113

(viii) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Company
may (or may declare and pay dividends to PublicCo for the purpose of) repurchase from employees of stock of the Company or PublicCo or
a Subsidiary up to an aggregate amount, for all such repurchases, dividends, payments and distributions permitted pursuant to this clause
(viii) not to exceed $15,000,000 in any fiscal year;

(ix) so
long as (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, (y) the
Total Leverage Ratio for the four quarter period immediately preceding such transaction for which financial statements have been delivered
pursuant to Section 5.01 is not greater than 3.00 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis, and (z) within five (5) Business
Days prior to payment of such Restricted Payment the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate (with appropriate calculations
attached thereto) of the chief financial officer or president of the Borrower Representative certifying that the conditions in clauses
(x) and (y) will be satisfied before and after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Company may make Restricted Payments
in an unlimited amount; and

(x) so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Company
may (or may declare and pay dividends to PublicCo for the purpose of) repurchase or redeem stock of PublicCo up to an amount for all
such repurchases or redemptions permitted pursuant to this clause (x) not to exceed $100,000,000 in any fiscal year.

(b) No
Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution
(whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other
distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase,
redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness or any Earn-out payment, except:

(i) payment
of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents;

(ii) payment
of all interest and principal and other payments as and when due in respect of any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01,
including, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the MDC Notes and under the MDC Notes Documents and (ii) any payments required under
a Permitted Receivables Financing;

(iii) repurchases
of MDC Notes under the MDC Notes Documents in an unlimited amount so long as (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or would result after giving effect to such repurchase, (y) the Total Leverage Ratio for the four quarter period immediately preceding
such repurchase for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 is not greater than 3.00 to 1.00
on a pro forma basis, and (z) within five (5) Business Days prior to such repurchase the Administrative Agent shall have received
a certificate (with appropriate calculations attached thereto) of the chief financial officer or president of the Borrower Representative
certifying that the conditions in clauses (x) and (y) will be satisfied before and after giving effect to such repurchase;

114

(iv) refinancings
of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01;

(v) payment
of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness
to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.05; and

(vi) payment
of Earn-out payments in connection with any Acquisition permitted hereunder, so long as (x) no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing or would result after giving effect to such payment, (y) the Total Leverage Ratio for the four quarter period immediately
preceding such transaction for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 is not greater than
0.25 less than the then applicable Total Leverage Ratio required pursuant to Section 6.12(a) on a pro forma basis after
giving effect to such payment, and (z) within five (5) Business Days prior to the payment of such payment the Administrative
Agent shall have received a certificate (with appropriate calculations attached thereto) of the chief financial officer or president
of the Borrower Representative certifying that the conditions in clauses (x) and (y) will be satisfied before and after giving
effect to such payment.

(c) Tax
Distributions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, on each Tax Distribution Date, the Borrowers may make
distributions (each a Tax Distribution):

(i) to
PublicCo in an amount equal to all of PublicCos federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax liabilities (including estimated tax liabilities),
calculated using the Assumed Tax Rate, attributable to any preferred units of the Company held by PublicCo during the fiscal year or
other taxable period to which the tax-related distributions relates;

(ii) then,
to its members on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of Company common units owned by each member, in an amount sufficient
to cause PublicCo to receive a distribution equal to all of PublicCos remaining Assumed Tax Liability (including estimated tax
liabilities) during the fiscal year or other taxable period to which the tax-related distribution relates;

(iii) amounts
due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, to the extent the amounts distributed to PublicCo in clauses (i) and (ii) in
excess of PublicCos actual federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax liabilities calculated at the Assumed Tax Rate are insufficient
to pay the amounts due under the Tax Receivable Agreement.

SECTION 6.09. Transactions
with Affiliates. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets
to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its
Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business and (ii) are at prices and on terms
and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated
third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any investment permitted
by Sections 6.04(c) or 6.04(d), (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c), (e) any
Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment to PublicCo in connection
with PublicCo Expenses), (f) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 6.04(f), (g) the payment of
reasonable fees to directors of any Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of such Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation
and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrowers
or their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in
cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved
by a Borrowers board of directors, (i) any contribution to the capital of the Company by PublicCo or any purchase of Equity
Interests of the Company by PublicCo or Stagwell Media LP, (j) amounts due under the Tax Receivable Agreement as permitted by 6.08(c)(iii) and
(k) transactions pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Financing.

115

SECTION 6.10. Restrictive
Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist
any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or
any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary
to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Borrower or
any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing
shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Loan Document or the MDC Notes Documents,
(ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.10
(but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition),
(iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary
pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted
hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating
to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing
such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts
restricting the assignment thereof.

SECTION 6.11. Amendment
of Material Documents. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under its
charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other
organizational or governing documents, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be adverse to the Lenders.

116

SECTION 6.12. Financial
Covenants.

(a) Total
Leverage Ratio. The Company will not permit the Total Leverage Ratio, on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be greater than the
ratio set forth opposite such period:

Period Ratio

The
Restatement Date and thereafter 4.25
to 1.00

; provided, that, for the four (4) fiscal quarter period following the consummation of a Material Acquisition, at the Borrowers
election (and upon written notice to the Administrative Agent of such election), the Borrowers will not permit the Total Leverage Ratio,
on the last day of any fiscal quarter during such period, to be greater than 4.50:1.00 (the Total Leverage Ratio Covenant Holiday);
provided, further, that the Borrowers shall not be permitted to elect more than one Total Leverage Ratio Covenant Holiday
during any period of eight (8) consecutive fiscal quarters.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) Equity
Cure. For purposes of determining compliance with clause (a) of this Section 6.12, any cash equity contribution
(which equity shall be common equity or other equity on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) made to the Company
on or prior to the day that is ten (10) Business Days after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for
a fiscal quarter or fiscal year pursuant to Section 5.01 hereof and designated on the date of such contribution as a Specified
Equity Contribution (each such designation, an Equity Cure) will, at the request of the Company, be included
in the calculation of EBITDA for such fiscal quarter or the last fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, as applicable, for the purposes
of determining compliance with clause (a) of this Section at the end of such fiscal quarter or applicable subsequent periods
including such fiscal quarter (any such equity contribution so included in the calculation of EBITDA, a Specified Equity Contribution),
provided that (i) no more than one Specified Equity Contribution may be made in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters,
(ii) no more than three Specified Equity Contributions may be made during the term of this Agreement, (iii) the amount of any
Specified Equity Contribution shall be no greater than 100% of the amount required to cause the Company to be in compliance with clause
(a) of this Section 6.12, (iv) all Specified Equity Contributions shall be disregarded for all other purposes herein
other than determining compliance with the covenants in clause (a) of this Section 6.12 and shall not result in any
pro forma reduction of Indebtedness or increase in cash with respect to the fiscal quarter with respect to which such Specified Equity
Contribution was made, and (v) no Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any extension of credit hereunder if an Event
of Default under the covenants set forth in Section 6.12(a) has occurred and is continuing during the ten (10) Business
Day period during which the Company may exercise an Equity Cure unless and until the Specified Equity Contribution is actually received.

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

If any of the following events
(Events of Default) shall occur:

(a) the
Borrowers shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the
same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;

117

(b) the
Borrowers shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of
this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure
shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days;

(c) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in, or in connection with, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate,
financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment
or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed
made;

(d) any
Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03
(with respect to a Loan Partys existence), 5.08 or 5.15, or in Article VI;

(e) any
Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified
in clause (a), (b) or (d)), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) 5 days after the earlier
of any Loan Partys knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the
request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01, 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)),
5.03 through 5.07, 5.10, 5.11 or 5.13 of this Agreement or (ii) 15 days after the earlier of
any Loan Partys knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request
of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement;

(f) any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of
any Material Indebtedness when and as the same shall become due and payable (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the MDC Notes) that
would constitute a default thereunder;

(g) any
event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits
(with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or
agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or
defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness
that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such
sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.05;

(h) an
involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization
or other relief in respect of a Loan Party or Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state
or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its
assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving
or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

118

(i) any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization
or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent
to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of
this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar
official for such Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting
the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

(j) any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally,
to pay its debts as they become due;

(k) one
or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $20,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party,
any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during
which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any
assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail within thirty
(30) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal and being appropriately contested
in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued;

(l) an
ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have
occurred, could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect;

(m) a
Change in Control shall occur;

(n) the
occurrence of any default, as defined in any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), or the breach of any of the terms
or provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period of grace therein
provided;

(o) the
Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or
to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty, or any Loan Guarantor shall fail to comply
with any of the terms or provisions of the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty to which it is a party, or any Loan Guarantor shall
deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty to which it is a party, or shall give notice
to such effect, including, but not limited to notice of termination delivered pursuant to Section 10.08 or any notice of
termination delivered pursuant to the terms of any Obligation Guaranty;

(p) except
as permitted by the terms of any Collateral Document, (i) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid
security interest in any Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or (ii) any Lien securing any Secured Obligation shall cease
to be a perfected, first priority Lien;

119

(q) any
Collateral Document shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity
or unenforceability of any Collateral Document; or

(r) any
material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any
Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction that
evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable
in accordance with its terms);

then,
and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrowers described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article),
and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders
shall, by notice to the Borrower Representative, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate
the Commitments whereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and
payable in whole (or in part, but ratably as among the Classes of Loans and the Loans of each Class at the time outstanding, in
which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal
of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, any break funding payments) and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder shall become due and payable immediately,
in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers; and in
the case of any event with respect to the Borrowers described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically
terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding together with accrued interest thereon and all fees (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any break funding payments) and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall
automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby waived by the Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may,
and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations as set
forth in this Agreement and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law
or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC.

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent

SECTION 8.01. Authorization
and Action.

(a) Each
Lender, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the
entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent
and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such
actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the
Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent
required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the
Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction
on such Lenders or such Issuing Banks behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby
authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which
the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such
Loan Documents.

120

(b) As
to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative
Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and
shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other
number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked
in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative
Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability
unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the
Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including
any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of
any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that
the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action
and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents,
the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating
to any Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by
the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative
Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or
in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate
indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

121

(c) In
performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf
of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the
Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent are commercial
in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrowers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(i) the
Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent,
fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any other Secured Party other than as expressly set forth herein and in
the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood
and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the
Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine
of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative
relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative
Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby;

(ii) [reserved];

(iii) [reserved];
and

(iv) nothing
in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element
of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account.

(d) The
Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or
through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform
any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory
provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible
for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and
non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.

(e) None
of any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any Joint Lead Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons
shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.

122

(f) In
case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement
obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective
of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by
intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(i) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13,
2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(ii) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and
each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent
to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to pay to the Administrative
Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03).
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf
of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights
of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank
in any such proceeding.

(g) The
provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except
solely to the extent of the Borrowers rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none
of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any
such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral
and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article.

SECTION 8.02. Administrative
Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc.

(a) Neither
the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such
party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
(x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be
necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan
Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any
of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in,
or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity,
effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf.
or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to
perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.

123

(b) The
Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described
in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02
in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower
Representative, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice
of Default or a notice of an Event of Default) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrowers, a Lender or
an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report
or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements
or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency,
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of
items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of
any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or
(vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral.

(c) Without
limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory
note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b),
(iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrowers), independent public accountants and other experts selected
by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such
counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible
to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection
with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan,
or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume
that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the
contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit
and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet
or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine
and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements
set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

124

SECTION 8.03. Posting
of Communications.

(a) Each
Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen
by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform).

(b) Although
the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented
or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system)
and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic
Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the
distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for
approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there
may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and each Borrower
hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such
distribution.

(c) THE
APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE
PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC
PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS.
NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES
IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY JOINT LEAD
ARRANGER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE
PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTYS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET
OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.

Communications means, collectively,
any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any
Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank
by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform.

125

(d) Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted
to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan
Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic
communication) from time to time of such Lenders or Issuing Banks (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice
may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.

(e) Each
of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and each Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required
by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative
Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(f) Nothing
herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication
pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

SECTION 8.04. The
Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), and Letters of Credit, the
Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same
obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms
Issuing Banks, Lenders, Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly
otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required
Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own
securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust
or other business with, any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the
Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks.

SECTION 8.05. Successor
Administrative Agent.

(a) The
Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Borrower Representative, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation,
the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have
been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative
Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks,
appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank
(or as otherwise reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Required Lenders). In either case, such appointment shall be subject
to the prior written approval of the Borrower Representative (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required
while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor
Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges
and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative
Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative
Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative
Agent under the Loan Documents.

126

(b) Notwithstanding
paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted
such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative
Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower Representative, whereupon,
on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining
any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring
Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
and continue to be entitled to the rights set forth in such Collateral Document and Loan Document, and, in the case of any Collateral
in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative
Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this Section (it being understood and agreed that the retiring
Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action
required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested
with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required
to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative
Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or
made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of
the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and
Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document,
shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in
respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative
Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above.

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements
of Lenders and Issuing Banks.

(a) Each
Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility,
(ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities
set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the
purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Borrowers, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding
any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention
of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities laws), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent, or any other Lender or Issuing
Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and
(iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities
set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making
its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring
or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent,
or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information
(which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrowers
and their Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action
under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

127

(b) Each
Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment
and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt
of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory
to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date or the effective date of any such Assignment and Assumption or any other
Loan Document pursuant to which it shall have become a Lender hereunder.

(c) (i) Each
Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its
sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment
or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously
transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such
Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent
may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof)
as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative
Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable
law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off
or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including
without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent
to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

128

(ii) Each
Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in
a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of
its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied
by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees
that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall
promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in
no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion,
specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand
was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect
of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid
to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(iii) Each
Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered
from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all
the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise
satisfy any Obligations owed by any Borrower or any other Loan Party.

(iv) Each
partys obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

(d) Each
Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the
Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report
or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not
be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any
Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly
upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative
Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly
for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement;
and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold
the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion
the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has
made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lenders participation in, or the indemnifying Lenders purchase of,
a Loan or Loans; and (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person
preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including
reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any
third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.

129

SECTION 8.07. Collateral
Matters.

(a) Except
with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Partys right
to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral
or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the
Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof.
In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured
party as defined in the UCC. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the
Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on
behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties.

(b) In
furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no arrangements in respect of Banking Services the obligations under which
constitute Secured Obligations and no Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations, will create (or be deemed
to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral
or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that
is a party to any such arrangement in respect of Banking Services or Swap Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed
the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the
Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph.

(i) The
Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property
granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by
Section 6.02(b) or Section 6.02(d). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty
to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence,
priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith,
nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain
any portion of the Collateral.

130

SECTION 8.08. Credit
Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit
bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the
Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more
acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy
Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which
a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with
the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable
law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall
be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect
to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the
liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent
interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles
that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized
to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each
of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under
this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall
be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions
by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests
thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required
Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle
or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions
by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such
acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations
which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in
any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or
acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle
are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations
assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations
shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests
and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the
need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations
of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured
Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party
which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request
in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by such credit bid.

131

SECTION 8.09. Certain
ERISA Matters.

(a) Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent, and each Joint Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of any
Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection
with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,

(ii) the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by
independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii) (A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14),
(B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in,
administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the
requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

132

(b) In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender
has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a),
such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for
the benefit of any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Joint Lead Arranger, any Syndication
Agent, any Documentation Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such
Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan
Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

(c) The
Administrative Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such
Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an
Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments,
this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments
for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or
(iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise,
including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting
fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit
fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance
fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

SECTION 8.10. Flood
Laws. Chase has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under applicable
Flood Laws. Chase, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform
(or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, Chase
reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting
as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the Flood Insurance Requirements.

SECTION 8.11. Borrower
Communications. (a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that, pursuant to procedures approved
by the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower Communications to the Administrative
Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved
Borrower Portal). As used in this Section 8.11, Borrower Communications means, collectively,
any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of
a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan
Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by any Borrower to the Administrative
Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal, in each case to the extent arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative
Agent.

133

(b) Although
the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented
or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system),
each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that (i) the distribution of material through an electronic
medium is not necessarily secure, (ii) the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting administrators, representatives,
or contacts of the Borrowers added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and (iii) there may be confidentiality and other risks associated
with such distribution. Each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each Borrower hereby approves distribution of Borrower Communications through
the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(c) THE
APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY
OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS
OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY
FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER
IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWERS TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE
APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.

(d) Each
Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law)
shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative Agents
generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(e) Nothing
herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrowers to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other
manner specified in such Loan Document.

134

ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01. Notices.

(a) Except
in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or Electronic Systems (and subject in each
case to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax, as follows:

(i) if
to any Loan Party, to it in care of the Borrower Representative at:

Stagwell Global

c/o The Stagwell Group LLC

1808 Eye Street, Floor 6

Washington, D.C. 20006

Attention:
Frank Lanuto

(ii) if
to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower, to the address or addresses separately provided to the Borrower;

(iii) if
to the Administrative Agent from the Lenders, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

1750 Tysons Blvd, Floor 12

McLean, VA, 22102-4208

Attention: Craig Bogle

(iv) if
to an Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower;

(v) if
to any of the Swingline Lenders, at the address separately provided to the Borrower; and

(vi) if
to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

All such notices and other communications (A) sent
by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given when received, (B) sent
by fax shall be deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours for the recipient,
such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient,
or (C) delivered through Electronic System, Approved Electronic Platform or Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers option),
as applicable, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph.

135

(b) Notices
and other communications to the Borrower Representative, any Loan Party, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks hereunder
may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic System, Approved Electronic Platform or Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers
option), as applicable, and in each case pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing
shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II or to Compliance Certificates delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(d) unless
otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative
(on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by using Electronic
System, Approved Electronic Platform or Approved Borrower Portal (at the Borrowers option), as applicable, and in each case pursuant
to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall
be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt
requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the
normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on
the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed
receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice
or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above,
if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication
shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient.

(c) Any
party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the
other parties hereto.

SECTION 9.02. Waivers;
Amendments.

(a) No
failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment
or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan
Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of
any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted
by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose
for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be
construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice
or knowledge of such Default at the time.

136

(b) Except
as provided in the first sentence of Section 2.09(f) (with respect to any Incremental Loans) and subject to Section 2.14(c),
(d) and(e) and Section 9.02(e) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document
nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement
or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders (with respect to any waiver, amendment, or modification
of Section 6.01(e) or (f) or Section 6.04(c), such agreement or objection to the proposed waiver,
amendment or modification not to be unreasonably delayed) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement
or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the
consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (A) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the
written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (B) reduce or forgive the principal amount
of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without
the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except that any
amendment or modification of the financial covenants in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement)
shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (B)), (C) postpone any scheduled date
of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations
payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment,
without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (D) change
Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the
written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) (other than any amendment pursuant to Section 2.09(f) which
provides for the sharing of payments with respect to any Incremental Loans and which shall permit the addition of customary mandatory
prepayments and amortization for the benefit of any Lenders holding term loans, which shall require only the consents set forth in Section 2.09(f)),
(E) [Reserved], (F) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or
any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend
or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender
(other than any Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (other than any amendment pursuant to Section 2.09(f) providing
for one or more new Classes of Lenders providing Incremental Loans in the form of additional Revolving Commitments and/or term loans to
include appropriately the Lenders holding such Revolving Loans and/or term loans, which shall require only the consents set forth in Section 2.09(f)),
(G) change Section 2.20, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (H) release any
Loan Guarantor from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other
Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (I) except as provided in clause
(c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral without the written consent
of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (J) change the definition of Agreed Currency or any other provision
of Section 2.01 with respect to any Agreed Currency or (K) without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely
affected thereby, (x) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, or (y) subordinate,
or have the effect of subordinating, the Liens securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness; provided further
that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender
or the Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank,
as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the Administrative
Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank); provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions
of Section 2.07 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between a Borrower and the Issuing Bank regarding
the Issuing Banks Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between such Borrower and the Issuing Bank in
connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank,
respectively. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04.
Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties
under this Agreement of the Lenders of one or more Classes (but not the Lenders of any other Class), may be effected by an agreement or
agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the requisite number or percentage in interest of each affected Class of
Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders
hereunder at the time.

137

(c) The
Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release
any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of all of the Commitments,
payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations), and the cash collateralization
of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to each affected Lender, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed
of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance
with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry),
and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100% of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary, the Administrative
Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (iii) constituting property
leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (iv) as
required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII or (v) consituting property owned by any Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary (and
the Administrative Agent shall release any Lien on such Collateral). Except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Administrative
Agent will not release any Liens on Collateral without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders or, if required by Section 9.02(b)(ii)(I),
each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations
or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained
by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution
and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by
the Administrative Agent.

(d) If,
in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender
directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained
(any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender),
then the Borrowers may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently
with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent and the Issuing Bank and is not an affiliate of Holdings shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other
Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this
Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements
of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrowers shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds
on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by
the Borrowers hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender
under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender
on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather
than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant
to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent
applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which
the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party
thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided
that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents
necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without
recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

138

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower Representative only, amend, modify or supplement
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency.

SECTION 9.03. Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) The
Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all (i) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent
and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with
the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System or Approved Electronic
Platform) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications
or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated),
(ii) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension
of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents,
including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such
out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. Expenses
being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and
expenses incurred in connection with:

(A) appraisals
and insurance reviews;

(B) background
checks regarding senior management and/or key investors, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative
Agent;

139

(C) Taxes,
fees and other charges for (i) lien and title searches and title insurance and (ii) recording the Mortgages, filing financing
statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agents Liens;

(D) sums
paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and

(E) forwarding
loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and
expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral.

All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses
may be charged to the Borrowers as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c).

(b) To
the extent permitted by applicable law (i) neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall assert, and each Borrower and
each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, and
any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person) for any
Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained
through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet any Approved Electronic Platform
and any Approved Borrower Portal), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against
any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or
actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that,
nothing in this Section 9.03(d) shall relieve any Borrower or any other Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify
an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(b), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against
such Indemnitee by a third party.

(c) The
Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party
of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless
from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred
by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery
of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations
thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit
or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit
if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any
actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary,
or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (iv) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to
the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by such Loan Party
for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether
or not such Proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person
and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided 
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent
losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.

140

(d) Each
Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by any Loan Party under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this
Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the
foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person) (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting
the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which
such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated
and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and
agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including
the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement,
any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided
that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related
Person in its capacity as such; provided, further, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such
Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction
to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations.

(e) All
amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor.

SECTION 9.04. Successors
and Assigns.

(a) The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no
Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender
that is not a Defaulting Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by a Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and
(ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to
the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each
of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this
Agreement.

141

(b) (i) Subject
to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution)
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters
of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of:

(A) the
Borrower Representative, provided that the Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless
it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice
thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an
Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee;

(B) the
Administrative Agent;

(C) the
Issuing Bank; and

(D) the
Swingline Lender.

(ii) Assignments
shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) except
in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or an Approved Fund, or an assignment of the entire remaining amount
of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject
to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative
Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided
that no such consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(B) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under
this Agreement and shall include a proportionate amount of such Lenders Revolving Commitments as of the date of such assignment;

(C) the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to
the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform
as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and
recordation fee of $3,500; and

142

(D) the
assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee
designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about
the Company, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive
such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities
laws.

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b),
the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings:

Approved Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions
of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a
Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Ineligible Institution
means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) holding company, investment vehicle or trust
for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, with respect
to clause (c), such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not
been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is
not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans,
and (z) has assets greater than $25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, any
Person (other than a Lender) shall be an Ineligible Institution if after giving effect to any proposed assignment to such Person, such
Person would hold more than 25% of the then outstanding Aggregate Credit Exposure or Commitments, as the case may be or (d) a Loan
Party or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of a Loan Party.

(iii) Subject
to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in
each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03).
Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04
shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance
with paragraph (c) of this Section.

143

(iv) The
Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of
each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment
of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement,
notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the Issuing Bank and any Lender,
at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(v) Upon
its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the
extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as
to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignees completed Administrative
Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of
this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent
shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either
the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05,
2.06(d) or(e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no
obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall
have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless
it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

(c) Any
Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, sell
participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant) other than an Ineligible Institution in all
or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the
Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged;
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) the
Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender
in connection with such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a
Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide
that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first
proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled
to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the
requirements under Sections 2.17(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall
be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) will be
delivered to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its
interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject
to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall
not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17 with respect to any participation than its participating
Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in
Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.

144

Each Lender that sells a participation agrees,
at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of
Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled
to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as
though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the
Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest)
of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant
Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters
of Credit or its other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure
is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this
Agreement, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative
Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(d) Any
Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations
of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall
not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest
shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

SECTION 9.05. Survival.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other
instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have
been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any
Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding
that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation
or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or
any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter
of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16,
2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments
or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.

145

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

(a) This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute
an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any
separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions
of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided
in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when
the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other
parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.

(b) Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document,
amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01),
certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy,
emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any
other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records
in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall
require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant
to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative
Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such
Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and
without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection
with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders,
the Borrowers and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces
an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any
Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent
and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary
Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons
business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and
shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest
the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on
the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including
with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising
solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions
by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities
arising as a result of the failure of any Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the
execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

146

SECTION 9.07. Severability.
Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 9.08. Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective
Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and
all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by
such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the
Secured Obligations owing to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing
Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Loan
Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from
the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting
Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent
for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by
such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and
the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable
detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The applicable Lender, the
applicable Issuing Bank or such Affiliate shall notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent of such setoff or application;
provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such setoff or application
under this Section. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition
to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may
have.

147

SECTION 9.09. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a) The
Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of New York, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks.

(b) Each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions
of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Secured Party relating to this Agreement,
any other Loan Document, the Collateral or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall
be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(c) Each
of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any
U.S. federal or New York state court sitting in New York, New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any
judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or
proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related
Parties may only) be heard and determined in such state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties
hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall (i) affect
any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction, (ii) waive
any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal restriction, provision or the like providing for the treatment of
bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were separate juridical entities for certain purposes, including Uniform
Commercial Code Sections 4-106, 4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b), UCP 600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG 758 Article 3(a),
or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction over any Issuing Bank or beneficiary of any Letter of Credit
or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder or proper venue with respect to any litigation arising out of
or relating to such Letter of Credit with, or affecting the rights of, any Person not a party to this Agreement, whether or not such Letter
of Credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause.

148

(d) Each
Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which
it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in
any such court.

(e) Each
party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing
in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER
PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

SECTION 9.11. Headings.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality.
Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined
below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure
is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to
the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any
other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or
any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder,
(f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or
Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (y) any
actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties and their obligations
or (z) to credit insurers or reinsurers or any counterparty to any securitization transaction with respect to the Obligations, (g) with
the consent of the Borrower Representative (h) to holders of Equity Interests in any Borrower, (i) to any Person providing a
Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations; (j) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection
with rating any Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any
similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided
for herein, or (k) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this
Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from
a source other than the Borrowers. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from
the Borrowers relating to the Borrowers or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrowers and other than information pertaining
to this Agreement provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry;
provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrowers after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified
at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall
be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

149

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE BORROWERS, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED
COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING
REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY ANY BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING,
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWERS, THE LOAN
PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWERS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN
MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES
LAWS.

For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope
of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory
Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by
the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority.

150

SECTION 9.13. Several
Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the
failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation
U of the Federal Reserve Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrowers in violation of any Requirement
of Law.

SECTION 9.14. USA
PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant
to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which
information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party
in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.

SECTION 9.15. Disclosure.
Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from
time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with, any of the Loan Parties and their respective
Affiliates.

SECTION 9.16. Appointment
for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of
the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable
law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control
of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agents
request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the
Administrative Agents instructions.

SECTION 9.17. Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together
with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges),
shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or
reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and
Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall
be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above
the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall
have been received by such Lender.

151

SECTION 9.18. No
Fiduciary Duty, etc.

(a) Each
Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations
except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Borrowers with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated
herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, any Borrower or any other person. Each Borrower agrees
that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party
is advising any Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrowers
shall consult with their own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and
appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility
or liability to any Borrower with respect thereto.

(b) Each
Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with
its Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full
service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and
other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services
to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial
instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrowers and other companies with which the Borrowers may have commercial
or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers,
all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the
rights, in its sole discretion.

(c) In
addition, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its
affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies
in respect of which the Borrowers may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit
Party will use confidential information obtained from any Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or
its other relationships with the Borrowers in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and
no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. Each Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation
to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to any Borrower, confidential information
obtained from other companies.

SECTION 9.19. Marketing
Consent. The Borrowers hereby authorize each Joint Lead Arranger, at their respective sole expense, but without any prior approval
by the Borrowers, to publish such tombstones and give such other publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in
its sole discretion. The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless the Borrower Representative notifies the Joint Lead Arrangers
in writing that such authorization is revoked.

152

SECTION 9.20. Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

SECTION 9.21. Judgment
Currency. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert an amount due hereunder in the currency
in which it is due (the Original Currency) into another currency (the Second Currency), the
rate of exchange applied shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Administrative Agent could purchase
the Original Currency with the Second Currency at the Spot Rate on the date two Business Days preceding that on which judgment is given.
The Borrowers agree that their obligations in respect of any Original Currency due from it hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment
or payment in such other currency, be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following the date the applicable Agent
receives payment of any sum so adjudged to be due hereunder in the Second Currency, the Administrative Agent may, in accordance with normal
banking procedures, purchase, in the New York foreign exchange market, the Original Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so
paid; and if the amount of the Original Currency so purchased or could have been so purchased is less than the amount originally due in
the Original Currency, the Borrowers agree as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such payment or judgment to indemnify the
Administrative Agent against such loss. The term rate of exchange in this Section means the Spot Rate at which the
Administrative Agent, in accordance with normal practices, is able on the relevant date to purchase the Original Currency with the Second
Currency, and includes any premium and costs of exchange payable in connection with such purchase.

153

SECTION 9.22. Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs.

(a) To
the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument
that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties
acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated
thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the
provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the
laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

(b) In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such
QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply
to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater
extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood
and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered
Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

SECTION 9.23. Mortgaged
Real Property. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that, if there is any real property subject to a Mortgage, any increase,
extension or renewal of any of the Commitments or Loans (including the increase in additional Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09
but excluding (i) any continuation or conversion of borrowings, (ii) the making of any Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans or
(iii) the issuance, renewal or extension of Letters of Credit) shall be subject to (and conditioned upon): (1) the prior delivery
of all flood hazard determination certifications, acknowledgements and evidence of flood insurance and other flood-related documentation
with respect to such real property as required by Flood Laws and as otherwise reasonably required by the Lenders and (2) the Administrative
Agent shall have received written confirmation from the Lenders that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has
been completed by the Lenders (such written confirmation not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

154

SECTION 9.24. Joint
and Several. Each Borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees it is jointly and severally liable to the Administrative
Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders for the Secured Obligations. In furtherance thereof, each Borrower agrees that wherever in this
Agreement it is provided that a Borrower is liable for a payment, such obligation is the joint and several obligation of each Borrower.
Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that its joint and several liability under this Agreement and the Loan Documents is absolute and
unconditional and shall not in any manner be affected or impaired by any acts or omissions whatsoever by the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person. Each Borrower's liability for the Secured Obligations shall not in any manner be impaired
or affected by who receives or uses the proceeds of the credit extended hereunder or for what purposes such proceeds are used, and each
Borrower waives notice of borrowing requests issued by, and loans or other extensions of credit made to, other Borrowers. Each Borrower
hereby agrees not to exercise or enforce any right of exoneration, contribution, reimbursement, recourse or subrogation available to such
Borrower against any party liable for payment under this Agreement and the Loan Documents unless and until the Administrative Agent, each
Issuing Bank and each Lender has been paid in full and all of the Secured Obligations are satisfied and discharged following termination
or expiration of all commitments of the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrowers. Each Borrower's joint and several liability hereunder
with respect to the Secured Obligations shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the unconditional liability of such
Borrower irrespective of (i) the validity, enforceability, avoidance or subordination of any of the Secured Obligations or of any
other document evidencing all or any part of the Secured Obligations, (ii) the absence of any attempt to collect any of the Secured
Obligations from any other Loan Party or any Collateral or other security therefor, or the absence of any other action to enforce the
same, (iii) the amendment, modification, waiver, consent, extension, forbearance or granting of any indulgence by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender with respect to any provision of any instrument executed by any other Loan Party evidencing or securing the payment
of any of the Secured Obligations, or any other agreement now or hereafter executed by any other Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative
Agent, (iv) the failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take any steps to perfect or maintain the perfected status of
its Lien upon, or to preserve its rights to, any of the Collateral or other security for the payment or performance of any of the Secured
Obligations or the Administrative Agents release of any Collateral or of its Liens upon any Collateral, (v) the release or
compromise, in whole or in part, of the liability of any other Loan Party for the payment of any of the Secured Obligations, (vi) any
increase in the amount of the Secured Obligations beyond any limits imposed herein or in the amount of any interest, fees or other charges
payable in connection therewith, in each case, if consented to by any other Borrower, or any decrease in the same, or (vii) any other
circumstance that might constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of any Loan Party. After the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may proceed directly and at once, without notice to any Borrower, against any or all
of Loan Parties to collect and recover all or any part of the Secured Obligations, without first proceeding against any other Loan Party
or against any Collateral or other security for the payment or performance of any of the Secured Obligations, and each Borrower waives
any provision that might otherwise require the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under applicable law to pursue or exhaust its remedies
against any Collateral or other Loan Party before pursuing such Borrower or its property. Each Borrower consents and agrees that neither
the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be under no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Loan Party or against or in
payment of any or all of the Secured Obligations.

155

SECTION 9.25. Amendment
and Restatement.

(a) On
the Restatement Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended, restated and superseded in its entirety hereby. The parties hereto
acknowledge and agree that (i) this Agreement, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(e) and
the other Loan Documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing, refinancing
or termination of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Date; (ii) the Loans
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) have not become due and payable prior to the Restatement Date as a result of the amendment
and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement; (iii) such obligations are in all respects continuing with only the terms thereof
being modified as provided in this Agreement; (iv) upon the effectiveness of this Agreement all loans and letters of credit outstanding
under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately before the effectiveness of this Agreement will be part of the Loans and Letters of Credit
hereunder on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and (v) the Liens granted under the Existing Credit Agreement
and the other Collateral Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) securing payment of such obligations are in all respects
ratified, confirmed, and continuing and in full force and effect, without interruption or impairment of any kind, after giving effect
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and shall continue to secure the Obligations (as
defined herein), except to the extent such Collateral Documents are amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented on the Restatement
Date.

(b) Notwithstanding
the modifications effected by this Agreement of the representations, warranties and covenants of any Loan Party contained in the Existing
Credit Agreement, such Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that any causes of action or other rights created prior to the Restatement Date
in favor of any Lender and its successors arising out of the representations and warranties of such Loan Party and contained in or delivered
(including representations and warranties delivered in connection with the making of the loans or other extensions of credit thereunder)
in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document executed in connection therewith prior to the Restatement
Date shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that
the Borrowers monetary obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of the loans and letters of credit thereunder
are now monetary obligations of the Borrowers as evidenced by this Agreement as provided in Section 2 hereof.

(c) All
indemnification obligations of any Loan Party pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement (including any arising from a breach of the representations
thereunder) with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses occurring prior to the Restatement Date shall
survive the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement. All costs and expenses which were due
and owing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue to be due and owing under, and shall be due and payable in accordance with,
this Agreement.

(d) On
and after the Restatement Date, each reference in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, thereunder,
thereof or similar words referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement.

156

ARTICLE X

Loan Guaranty

SECTION 10.01. Guaranty.
Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Guaranty) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for,
and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the
prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations
and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, all court costs and reasonable attorneys and paralegals fees
(including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against,
any Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together
with the Secured Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligations; provided, however, that the
definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest
by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any
obligations of any Loan Guarantor). Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole
or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension
or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate
of any Lender that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations.

SECTION 10.02. Guaranty
of Payment.

(a) This
Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue any Borrower or any Loan Guarantor, or any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for,
all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party), or otherwise to enforce its payment against
any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.

SECTION 10.03. No
Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any
reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations), including:
(i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations,
by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other
Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding
affecting any Obligated Party or their assets, or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the
existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative
Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions.

(b) The
obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever
by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable
law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof.

157

(c) Further,
the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of
the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or
any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating
to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations
of any Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the
Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect
to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in
the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner
or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter
of law or equity (other than the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations).

SECTION 10.04. Defenses
Waived. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of
any defense of any Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause,
or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the Payment
in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance
hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement
that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that
it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative
Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment
of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of
the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated
Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the
liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been Paid in Full. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that
election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or
remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security.

SECTION 10.05. Rights
of Subrogation. No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation,
contribution or indemnification, that it has against any Obligated Party or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Loan Guarantors
have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders.

SECTION 10.06. Reinstatement;
Stay of Acceleration. If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through
exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization
of any Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantors
obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been
made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration
of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower,
all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless
be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent.

158

SECTION 10.07. Information.
Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrowers financial condition and assets,
and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the
risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks.

SECTION 10.08. Termination.

(a) Each
of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrowers based on this Loan Guaranty until five
(5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each
Loan Guarantor, except for any Loan Guarantor released pursuant to clause (b) in this Section, will continue to be liable
to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and
all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed
Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise
impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall
exist under Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, (i) all or substantially all of the Equity
Interests or property of any Loan Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred as permitted under this Agreement, to a Person or Persons,
none of which is a Loan Party or (ii) any Loan Guarantor becomes a CFC Holdco, a Receivables Subsidiary or a Cloud-Based Business
Subsidiary, such Loan Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer or upon becoming a CFC Holdco, a Receivables Subsidiary
or a Cloud-Based Business Subsidiary, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement and its obligations to pledge
and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to the Security Agreement and, to the extent not required pursuant to Section 5.14,
the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement shall be automatically released, and,
so long as the Company shall have provided the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Administrative Agent shall
reasonably request, the Administrative Agent shall, at such Loan Guarantors expense, take such actions as are necessary to effect
each release described in this Section 10.08(b) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Security Agreement; provided
that no such release under clause (ii) above shall occur if such Loan Guarantor continues to be a guarantor or obligor in respect
of any bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments of the Borrowers.

159

SECTION 10.09. Taxes.
Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding
is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold
Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority
in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased
as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section),
the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding
been made.

SECTION 10.10. Maximum
Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall
be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548
of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, Uniform Voidable
Transactions Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantors
obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification
or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into
account.

SECTION 10.11. Contribution.

(a) To
the extent that any Loan Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment) which, taking
into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise
would have been paid by or attributable to such Loan Guarantor if each Loan Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied
by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Loan Guarantors Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as
determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Loan Guarantors as determined
immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment
and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen), and all Commitments and Letters of Credit
have terminated or expired or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, are fully collateralized on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and the Issuing Bank, and this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations have terminated, such
Loan Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Guarantor
for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor
Payment.

(b) As
of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable
value of the property of such Loan Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Loan Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably
expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Loan Guarantor that
is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Loan Guarantors
as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions.

160

(c) This
Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11
is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Loan Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same
shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Loan Guaranty.

(d) The
parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor
or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing.

(e) The
rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon
the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 10.12. Liability
Cumulative. The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative
with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without
any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the
contrary.

SECTION 10.13. Keepwell.
Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds
or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect
of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for
the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13
or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not
for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13
shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13
constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for
the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

ARTICLE XI

The Borrower Representative

SECTION 11.01. Appointment;
Nature of Relationship. The Company is hereby appointed by each of the Borrowers as its contractual representative (herein referred
to as the Borrower Representative) hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Borrowers irrevocably
authorizes the Borrower Representative to act as the contractual representative of such Borrower with the rights and duties expressly
set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Borrower Representative agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the
express conditions contained in this Article XI. Additionally, the Borrowers hereby appoint the Borrower Representative as
their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s), at which time the Borrower Representative shall promptly
disburse such Loans to the appropriate Borrower(s), provided that such amount shall not exceed Availability. The Administrative Agent
and the Lenders, and their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, shall not be liable to the Borrower Representative or
any Borrower for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 11.01.

161

SECTION 11.02. Powers.
The Borrower Representative shall have and may exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Borrower
Representative by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Borrower Representative
shall have no implied duties to the Borrowers, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically
provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Borrower Representative.

SECTION 11.03. Employment
of Agents. The Borrower Representative may execute any of its duties as the Borrower Representative hereunder and under any other
Loan Document by or through authorized officers.

SECTION 11.04. Notices.
Each Borrower shall immediately notify the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder, refer
to this Agreement, describe such Default or Event of Default, and state that such notice is a notice of default. In the
event that the Borrower Representative receives such a notice, the Borrower Representative shall give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders. Any notice provided to the Borrower Representative hereunder shall constitute notice to each Borrower on the date
received by the Borrower Representative.

SECTION 11.05. Successor
Borrower Representative. Upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative may resign at any
time, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Borrower Representative. The Administrative Agent shall give
prompt written notice of such resignation to the Lenders.

SECTION 11.06. Execution
of Loan Documents. The Borrowers hereby empower and authorize the Borrower Representative, on behalf of the Borrowers, to execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the Loan Documents (other than the Credit Agreement and any notes pursuant to
Section 2.10(e) or any amendment or joinder document pursuant to which such Person becomes a Borrower hereunder, in each case,
which shall be executed by each Borrower) and all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary or
appropriate to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Compliance Certificates. Each Borrower agrees
that any action taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents, and the exercise by the Borrower Representative of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers
that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Borrowers.

(Signature Pages Follow)

162

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first
above written.

BORROWERS: STAGWELL MARKETING GROUP LLC

By: /s/ Jay Leveton

Name: Jay Leveton

Title: President

STAGWELL GLOBAL LLC

By: /s/ Frank Lanuto

Name: Frank Lanuto

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

MAXXCOM LLC

By: /s/ Frank Lanuto

Name: Frank Lanuto

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature page to 2nd A&R
Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

STAGWELL MARKETING GROUP LLC

CODE AND THEORY LLC

HARRIS INSIGHTS AND ANALYTICS
LLC

HARRISX LLC

As to all the above

By: /s/
Jay Leveton

Name: Jay Leveton

Title: President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTOR: 

STAGWELL GLOBAL LLC

As to the above

By: /s/
Jay Leveton

Name: Jay Leveton

Title: President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTOR: 

TRUELOGIC SOFTWARE LLC

As to the above

By its Manager, CODE AND THEORY LLC

By: /s/
Jay Leveton

Name: Jay Leveton

Title: President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

MAXXCOM LLC

MDC CORPORATE (US) LLC

ANOMALY PARTNERS LLC

ANOMALY PARTNERS LA LLC

CRISPIN PORTER & BOGUSKY
LLC

YAMAMOTO, LLC

MONO ADVERTISING, LLC

ALLEGORY LLC

As to all the above

By: /s/
Frank Lanuto

Name: Frank Lanuto

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

A-ALLIANCE LLC

As to the above

By its Manager, MDC Corporate (US)
LLC

By: /s/
Frank Lanuto

Name: Frank Lanuto

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

TARGETCAST LLC

GALE PARTNERS LLC

Y MEDIA LABS LLC

COLLE & MCVOY LLC

DONER PARTNERS LLC

HPR PARTNERS, LLC

INSTRUMENT LLC

72ANDSUNNY PARTNERS, LLC

As to all the above

By: /s/
Frank Lanuto

Name: Frank Lanuto

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

CONTENT MANAGEMENT CORPORATION

MULTI-VIEW, INC.

As to all the above

By: /s/
Andrew Keith

Name: Andrew Keith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

STAGWELL MARKETING GROUP HOLDINGS
LLC

STAGWELL PERFORMANCE MARKETING &

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION LLC

PMX AGENCY LLC

SKDKNICKERBOCKER LLC

MEDIACURRENT INTERACTIVE SOLUTIONS,
LLC

RHYTHM INTERACTIVE LLC

STAGWELL MARKET RESEARCH LLC

GRASON AGENCY LLC

TARGETED VICTORY, LLC

TARGETED HOLDINGS LLC

FORWARDPMX GROUP LLC

STAGWELL MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
LLC

STAGWELL PERFORMANCE MARKETING
INC.

GRASON AGENCY GROUP LLC

SLOANE & COMPANY LLC

KETTLE SOLUTIONS LLC

CRISPIN LLC

CODE AND THEORY SOUTH AMERICA
LLC

As to all the above

By: /s/
Ryan Greene

Name: Ryan Greene

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS: 

NATIONAL RESEARCH GROUP, INC.

As to the above

By: /s/
Peter McElligott

Name: Peter McElligott

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as

Administrative Agent, Issuing
Bank, and a Lender

By: /s/ Craig Bogle 

Name: Craig Bogle

Title: Authorized Officer

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Harold Corbran 

Name: Harold Corbran

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature page to
2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a
Lender

By: /s/ Ena Ukachi

Name: Ena Ukachi

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

M&T BANK, as a Lender

By: /s/ Drake Staniar 

Name: Drake Staniar

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as
a Lender

By: /s/ Jacqueline Andreozzi 

Name: Jacqueline Andreozzi

Title: VP

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ David H Schryver 

Name: David H Schryver

Title: Vice President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a
Lender

By: /s/ Staci Sunshine Gola 

Name: Staci Sunshine Gola

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

SANTANDER BANK, N.A., as a
Lender

By: /s/ Dwayne Foo 

Name: Dwayne Foo

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature
page to 2nd A&R Credit Agreement]

Commitment Schedule

COMMITMENT SCHEDULE

Lender Revolving 

Commitment Swingline 

Commitment Aggregate 

Commitment 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 140,000,000.00 $ 50,000,000.00 $ 140,000,000.00 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. $ 130,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 130,000,000.00 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 130,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 130,000,000.00 

Citizens Bank, N.A. $ 130,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 130,000,000.00 

M&T Bank $ 100,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 100,000,000.00 

TD Bank, N.A. $ 40,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 40,000,000.00 

Royal Bank of Canada $ 40,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 40,000,000.00 

Santander Bank, N.A. $ 40,000,000.00 $ 0.00 $ 40,000,000.00 

Total $ 750,000,000.00 $ 50,000,000.00 $ 750,000,000.00
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>stgw-20250423.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>stgw-20250423_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>stgw-20250423_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2511148d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-13718

Entity Registrant Name STAGWELL INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000876883

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1390679

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One
World Trade Center

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor 65

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10007

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 429-1800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol STGW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mdc-partners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

stgw-20250423.xsd 
stgw-20250423_lab.xml 
stgw-20250423_pre.xml 
tm2513100d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-038729-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2513100d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000876883 

2025-04-23 
2025-04-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000876883 
8-K 
2025-04-23 
STAGWELL INC. 
DE 
001-13718 
86-1390679 
One World Trade Center 
Floor 65 
New York 
NY 
10007 
646 
429-1800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
STGW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>