<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-004159.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-004159.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116171607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-004159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Outlook Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001649989
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				383982704
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37759
		FILM NUMBER:		25536395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 S. WOOD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		UNIT #100
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6096193990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 S. WOOD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		UNIT #100
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oncobiologics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150804
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164998900016499892025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

Outlook Therapeutics,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37759 38-3982704

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

111 S. Wood Avenue

Unit #100

Iselin, New Jersey 08830

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
(609) 619-3990

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered

Common Stock OTLK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Warrant Inducement

On January 16, 2025, Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
entered into warrant exercise inducement offer letter agreements (each an Inducement Letter and together, the Inducement
Letters) with certain holders (each a Holder and collectively, the Holders) of existing warrants to
purchase the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), exercisable for an aggregate of
7,074,637 shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Existing Warrants), pursuant to which the Holders agreed to exercise
their Existing Warrants at a reduced exercise price of $2.51 per share (which includes $0.125 per Inducement Warrant (as defined below))
(the Reduced Exercise Price), in exchange for the Companys agreement to issue new warrants to purchase Common Stock
(the Inducement Warrants) as described below. The reduction of the exercise price of the Existing Warrants and the issuance
of the Inducement Warrants was structured as an at-market transaction under Nasdaq rules.

The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Existing Warrants
are registered for issuance pursuant to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278209), which was declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 1, 2024.

In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants
for cash at the Reduced Exercise Price, the Holders will receive two Inducement Warrants for each Existing Warrant exercised. The Inducement
Warrants will be exercisable for an aggregate of up to 14,149,274 shares of Common Stock (the Inducement Warrant Shares),
at an exercise price of $2.26 per share. The Inducement Warrants will only be exercisable for cash, except in limited circumstances. A
Holder may not exercise the Inducement Warrants if the Holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than a specified
percentage of the outstanding Common Stock (4.99%, 9.99% or 19.99%, as applicable), immediately after giving effect to such exercise,
which may be increased or decreased at the Holders option (not to exceed 19.99%), effective 61 days after written notice to the
Company.

Half of the Inducement Warrants (the Tranche A Inducement Warrants),
representing warrants to purchase up to 7,074,637 shares of Common Stock will be exercisable immediately and have a term of five years
from the date of issuance. The remaining Inducement Warrants (the Tranche B Inducement Warrants) will be exercisable upon
the effective date (the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date) of an amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation
(Charter) increasing the number of authorized shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder by at least the Required Minimum
(as defined below) (the Share Increase Amendment), which Share Increase Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware upon the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined below). The Tranche B Inducement Warrants
will have a term of five years from the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date. The Company has agreed to take all action necessary under
applicable law to submit to its stockholders, in connection with its 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting),
a proposal to amend the Charter (the Share Increase Proposal) to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock by at least the Required Minimum. As used herein, Required Minimum means the maximum aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock potentially issuable in the future pursuant to the Tranche B Inducement Warrants, without regard to any exercise limits
set forth therein and the effect of potential future adjustments to exercise price. As used herein, Requisite Stockholder Approval
means receipt of stockholder votes and/or proxies sufficient to obtain approval of the record holders of Common Stock for the Share Increase
Proposal.

The Tranche A Inducement Warrants, Tranche B Inducement Warrants and
the underlying Inducement Warrant Shares were offered in a private placement in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and similar exemptions under applicable state laws and have
not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Tranche A Inducement Warrants, Tranche
B Inducement Warrants and Inducement Warrant Shares may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.
As part of the transaction, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (the Tranche A Resale Registration
Statement) with the SEC within 45 calendar days from the execution time of the Inducement Letters to register the resale of the
Inducement Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A Inducement Warrants, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche
A Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days from the execution time of the Inducement Letters (or within
90 calendar days in case of full review of the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement by the SEC). Additionally, the Company
has agreed to file a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement) with the SEC
within 45 calendar days from the date of receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval to register the resale of the Inducement Warrant
Shares underlying the Tranche B Inducement Warrants, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche B Resale Registration
Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days from the date of receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (or within 90 calendar
days in case of full review of the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement by the SEC).

The transaction described above is expected to close on or about January
17, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions. The aggregate gross proceeds from the exercise of the Existing
Warrants are approximately $17.8 million, before deducting capital markets advisory fees and offering expenses. The Company intends to
use the net proceeds to fund its ONS-5010 clinical development programs, European commercial launch of LYTENAVATM and for working
capital and general corporate purposes.

Existing investors and entities affiliated with certain directors of
the Company are party to an Inducement Letter. GMS Ventures and Investments, affiliated with Yezan Haddadin and Faisal G. Sukhtian, directors
of the Company, has committed to exercise an aggregate of 3,458,571 Existing Warrants for an aggregate Reduced Exercise Price of approximately
$8.7 million in exchange for Inducement Warrants to purchase 6,917,142 shares of Common Stock.

The form of Inducement Letter and forms of Tranche A Inducement Warrant
and Tranche B Inducement Warrant are attached as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively. The descriptions of the terms of the Inducement
Letter and the Inducement Warrants are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such exhibits.
The Inducement Letter contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company which were made only for the purposes
of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Syntone Warrant Inducement

On January 16, 2025, the Company entered into a warrant exercise inducement
offer letter agreement (the Syntone Inducement Letter) with Syntone Ventures, LLC (Syntone), pursuant to which
Syntone agreed to exercise its existing warrants to purchase Common Stock exercisable for an aggregate of 1,071,429 shares of Common Stock
(the Existing Syntone Warrants) for an aggregate Reduced Exercise Price of approximately $2.51 in exchange for the Companys
agreement to issue new warrants to purchase up to 2,142,858 shares of Common Stock (the Syntone Inducement Warrants and
such transaction the Syntone Inducement Transaction). The Syntone Inducement Letter and Syntone Inducement Warrants contain
substantially the same terms as those set forth in the Inducement Letters and Inducement Warrants, subject to receipt of certain regulatory
approvals (the Regulatory Approvals) in advance of the closing of the Syntone Inducement Transaction.

The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Existing Syntone
Warrants are registered for issuance pursuant to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278959), which was declared effective
by the SEC on May 6, 2024.

The Syntone Inducement Warrants will be exercisable for an aggregate
of up to 2,142,858 shares of Common Stock (the Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares), at an exercise price of $2.26 per share.
The Syntone Inducement Warrants will only be exercisable for cash, except in limited circumstances. Syntone may not exercise the Syntone
Inducement Warrants if Syntone, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 19.99% of the outstanding Common Stock
immediately after giving effect to such exercise, which may be decreased at Syntones option (not to exceed 19.99%), effective 61
days after written notice to the Company. Half of the Syntone Inducement Warrants (the Syntone Tranche A Inducement Warrants)
will be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise through five years from the date of issuance. The remaining Syntone Inducement
Warrants (the Syntone Tranche B Inducement Warrants) will be exercisable for substantially the same terms as the Tranche
B Inducement Warrants as described above.

The Syntone Tranche A Inducement Warrants, Syntone Tranche B Inducement
Warrants and the underlying Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares were offered in a private placement in reliance on the exemptions provided
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and similar exemptions under applicable state laws and have not been registered under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Syntone Tranche A Inducement Warrants, Syntone Tranche B Inducement Warrants
and the underlying Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.
As part of the transaction, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (the Syntone Tranche A Resale
Registration Statement) with the SEC within 45 calendar days from the closing of the Syntone Inducement Transaction to register
the resale of the Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares underlying the Syntone Tranche A Inducement Warrants, and to use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Syntone Tranche A Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days from the closing of the
Syntone Inducement Transaction (or within 90 calendar days in case of full review of the Syntone Tranche A Resale Registration
Statement by the SEC). Additionally, in the event that the Syntone Inducement Transaction has closed before the receipt of the Requisite
Stockholder Approval, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (the Syntone Tranche B Resale
Registration Statement) with the SEC within 45 calendar days from the date of receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval to
register the resale of the Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares underlying the Syntone Tranche B Inducement Warrants, and to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Syntone Tranche B Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days from the date
of receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (or within 90 calendar days in case of full review of the Syntone Tranche
B Resale Registration Statement by the SEC).

The Syntone Inducement Transaction is expected to close one business
day after the receipt of the Regulatory Approvals, subject to the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. The aggregate gross
proceeds from the exercise of the Existing Syntone Warrants are expected to be approximately $2.7 million, before deducting capital markets
advisory fees and offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to fund its ONS-5010 clinical development programs, European
commercial launch of LYTENAVATM and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Syntone is an existing investor, affiliated with Andong Huang, a director
of the Company.

The form of Syntone Inducement Letter and forms of Syntone Tranche
A Inducement Warrant and Syntone Tranche B Inducement Warrant are attached as Exhibits 10.2, 4.3 and 4.4, respectively. The descriptions
of the terms of the Syntone Inducement Letter and the Syntone Inducement Warrants are not intended to be complete and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to such exhibits. The Syntone Inducement Letter contains customary representations, warranties and covenants
by the Company which were made only for the purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties
to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating
to the warrant inducement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Inducement Warrants and Syntone Inducement Warrants
are being sold and, upon exercise the Inducement Warrant Shares and Syntone Inducement Warrant Shares, will be issued without registration
under the Securities Act, in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving
a public offering and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to accredited investors, and in reliance on similar exemptions
under applicable state laws. The Holders made relevant representations in their respective Inducement Letters.

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any
exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of common stock or other securities of the Company.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The disclosure under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is
incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

On January 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
it has completed the analysis of the complete 12-week safety and efficacy results for NORSE EIGHT, the second of two adequate and well
controlled clinical trials evaluating ONS-5010 in wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) patients. ONS-5010 demonstrated
noninferiority to ranibizumab at week 12 in the NORSE EIGHT trial. Based on the completed analysis of the 12-week results, the Company
plans to resubmit the Biologics License Application (BLA) for ONS-5010 in the first quarter of calendar 2025.

The difference in the mean between ONS-5010 and ranibizumab was -1.009
best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) letters with a 95% confidence interval of (-2.865, 0.848) in the NORSE EIGHT trial.
Applying the statistical parameters from the week 8 primary endpoint with the lower bound of the non-inferiority margin at -3.5 with a
95% confidence interval, the noninferiority margin was met at week 12 (p=0.0043), indicating that the two study arms are not different
at this timepoint. In the intent-to-treat (ITT) population, NORSE EIGHT demonstrated a mean 5.5 letter improvement
in BCVA in the ONS-5010 arm and 6.5 letter improvement in BCVA in the ranibizumab arm.

Mean change in BCVA at week 12 Non-Inferiority

ONS-5010 1.25 mg +5.5 letters 

95%CI: (-2.865, 0.848)

P-value: 0.0043

Ranibizumab 0.5mg +6.5 letters

Additionally, the change in central retinal thickness, a measure of
anatomical response, was similar in both study arms at all three study timepoints.

Mean change in central retinal thickness

Week 4 Week 8 Week 12

ONS-5010 1.25 mg -106.6 microns -117.7 microns -123.9 microns

Ranibizumab 0.5mg -108.4 microns -120.9 microns -127.3microns

As previously announced, in the NORSE EIGHT trial,
ONS-5010 did not meet the pre-specified non-inferiority endpoint at week 8 set forth in the special protocol assessment (SPA) with the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). However, BCVA data across all study timepoints demonstrated an improvement in vision, increasing
over time, and the presence of biologic activity. Overall, in NORSE EIGHT, ONS-5010 demonstrated mean visual acuity improvements of +3.3
letters at week 4, +4.2 letters at week 8, and +5.5 letters at week 12.

Additionally, in NORSE EIGHT, ONS-5010 was generally
well-tolerated with overall ocular adverse event rates comparable to ranibizumab. The safety results demonstrated across the full duration
of NORSE EIGHT are consistent with previously reported safety results from the NORSE ONE, NORSE TWO, and NORSE THREE clinical trials,
with no cases of retinal vasculitis reported in either study arm.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipate, expect,
intend, may, will, would, and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions
referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than
statements of historical fact contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward-looking statements, including without limitation
statements regarding the expected closing of the warrant inducement and Syntone warrant inducement transactions, anticipated proceeds
from the warrant inducement and Syntone warrant inducement transactions and the use thereof, the potential of obtaining the Requisite
Stockholder Approval for the Share Increase Proposal, the Companys plans to file resale registration statements to register the
resale of the Warrant Inducement Shares and Syntone Warrant Inducement Shares and the Companys plans and timing thereof to resubmit
a BLA for ONS-5010. These forward-looking statements are based on the Companys expectations and assumptions as of the date of this
Current Report on Form 8-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results and events
to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including risks associated with closing a securities
offering. Additional factors that may cause the Companys actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K are discussed in the Companys filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
including under Risk Factors in the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 and
future filings by the Company. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained
herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Tranche A Inducement Warrant.

4.2 Form of Tranche B Inducement Warrant.

4.3 Form of Syntone Tranche A Inducement Warrant.

4.4 Form of Syntone Tranche B Inducement Warrant.

10.1 Form of Inducement Letter.

10.2 Form of Syntone Inducement Letter.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Outlook Therapeutics, Inc.

Date: January 16, 2025 By: /s/ Lawrence A. Kenyon

Lawrence A. Kenyon

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION SET FORTH
HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant Number: 2025A-[] Issue Date: January [], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Issue Date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [],
2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Outlook Therapeutics, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

This Warrant is one of a series
of similar warrants issued pursuant to those certain letter agreements, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and each warrantholder
identified therein (each, a Letter Agreement). All such warrants are referred to herein, collectively, as the Warrants.

Section
1.Definitions; Letter Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Letter Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever this Warrant references terms of, or provisions being in accordance
with provisions of, the Letter Agreement, such terms and provisions of the Letter Agreement shall be deemed incorporated into this Warrant
and to be part hereof as though set forth herein.

Section
2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise
of Warrant. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within two (2) days on
which the Trading Market is open for trading (Trading Days) following the date of exercise, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the cashless exercise procedure referenced in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company to effect an exercise hereunder until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. (It is understood and agreed that to surrender this Warrant to the Company for any purpose under this Warrant, the Holder
only needs to e-mail to the Company e-mail address provided in Section 5(h) an electronic copy of the Warrant and state such Holders
intent to surrender the Warrant.) Partial exercise of this Warrant shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the number of Warrant Shares set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.26, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c)Cashless
Exercise in Limited Circumstances. This Warrant may only be exercised for cash in accordance with Section 2(a), provided,
however, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holders, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

2

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may
be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

iDelivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate (or evidence of issuance of the Warrant Shares in book entry with the Transfer Agent), registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise (or, in the case of book entry issuance of Warrant Shares,
evidence of such issuance to the email address specified in such Notice of Exercise) by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, if the Company has by such date received the Exercise Price,
and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (provided that the foregoing clause (ii)
shall not apply in the case of cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this
Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

iiDelivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical to this Warrant.

iiiRescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice (including
by email) to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

ivCompensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than
a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided (and not thereafter corrected at least two (2) Trading Days before the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases for the Holder, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder (up to the number of
shares of Common Stock required to be purchased by the Holder or its broker for the Buy-In) in connection with a valid exercise, and
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vNo
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

viCharges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed
by the Holder and the Company shall have the right to require, as a condition thereto, the prior or contemporaneous payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares, in each case, if applicable.

5

viiClosing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)Beneficial
Ownership Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Person acting as
a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (including such group itself), any other Person who is a beneficial
owner of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and any other Person whose beneficial ownership would
or could be aggregated with the Holder and the foregoing Persons, collectively, the Attribution Parties), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Warrant) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C)
a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99/9.99/19.99]% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding (for purposes of the denominator, immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the applicable exercise of this Warrant). The Holder, upon
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. Any purported delivery to the Holder or the Attribution Parties of a number of shares of Common Stock
or any other security upon exercise of any Warrant shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that before
or after such delivery, the Holder and the Attribution Parties would have beneficial ownership of Common Stock or any other such class in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the date of the Letter Agreement and while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues
by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of the dividend, distribution, subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

7

(c)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time
of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

8

(d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company (including without limitation
through a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission), directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted for shares representing more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions (other than one or more bona fide financing transactions) consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (group status
being determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) (each a Fundamental Transaction), to the extent
any portion to this Warrant remains unexercised, then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive,
upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as the Holder would have been entitled to receive
upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the
number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). If the Company undertakes a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
surviving entity and the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person, then the Company shall provide that, prior to
or simultaneously with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person
(including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as
the Holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the foregoing provisions, and to assume the other obligations under this Warrant.
The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (other than (x) any stock split or reverse stock split,
(y) any transaction effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company, or (z) any holding company
reorganization or parent-subsidiary merger not requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Sections 251(g) or 253 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provisions thereof)), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from
the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion). Black Scholes Value
means the fair value of this Warrant based on the date of settlement of the warrant as determined by an independent third-party valuation
specialist using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and approved by the Board of Directors. The basis of fair value for this provision
follows the principles of the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction). The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for the Company (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 2(e) hereof, the
Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(d) to permit a Fundamental
Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant.

9

(e)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice
to Holder.

iAdjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

iiNotice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or
a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken,
the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or
warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall
remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
the Letter Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company, unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers a duly executed Assignment
Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

(d)Transfer
Restrictions. If, in connection with the transfer of this Warrant, the Warrant Shares shall not be either (i) eligible to be sold
or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue
sky laws or (ii) eligible to be sold or transferred without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(e)Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

(a)No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares in a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(iv) and Section 2(d)(v) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(d)Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, from and after the Issue Date, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of
the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

12

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business
Days of receipt of the Notice of Exercise or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three (3)
Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within
two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent,
reputable investment bank selected by the Company and reasonably approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of
the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause (at its expense) the investment bank
or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results
no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.

13

(f)Jurisdiction. Except as set forth in Section 5(e), all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(g)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver;
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in
collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the
Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Letter Agreement. Any notice, request or other document required
or permitted to be given or delivered to the Company by the Holder shall be delivered via email to josephmanhede@outlooktherapeutics.com.

(j)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)Amendment;
Waiver. The provisions of the Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived only with the written consent
of the Company and the Holder.

14

(n)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS,
INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: Outlook
Therapeutics, Inc.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

(4)After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise, the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(5)The
undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant.)

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______] shares
of Warrant Number ___ and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to the following:

Name: .

Address: .

.

.

Dated: ____________, _______

Holders Name: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION SET FORTH
HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant Number: 2025B-[] Issue Date: January [], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the date that is five years after the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Outlook Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

This Warrant is one of a series
of similar warrants issued pursuant to those certain letter agreements, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and each warrantholder
identified therein (each, a Letter Agreement). All such warrants are referred to herein, collectively, as the Warrants.

Section
1.Definitions; Letter Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Letter Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever this Warrant references terms of, or provisions being in accordance
with provisions of, the Letter Agreement, such terms and provisions of the Letter Agreement shall be deemed incorporated into this Warrant
and to be part hereof as though set forth herein.

Section
2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise
of Warrant. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within two (2) days on
which the Trading Market is open for trading (Trading Days) following the date of exercise, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the cashless exercise procedure referenced in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company to effect an exercise hereunder until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. (It is understood and agreed that to surrender this Warrant to the Company for any purpose under this Warrant, the Holder
only needs to e-mail to the Company e-mail address provided in Section 5(h) an electronic copy of the Warrant and state such Holders
intent to surrender the Warrant.) Partial exercise of this Warrant shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the number of Warrant Shares set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.26, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c)Cashless
Exercise in Limited Circumstances. This Warrant may only be exercised for cash in accordance with Section 2(a), provided,
however, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holders, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

2

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may
be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

iDelivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate (or evidence of issuance of the Warrant Shares in book entry with the Transfer Agent), registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise (or, in the case of book entry issuance of Warrant Shares,
evidence of such issuance to the email address specified in such Notice of Exercise) by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, if the Company has by such date received the Exercise Price,
and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (provided that the foregoing clause (ii)
shall not apply in the case of cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this
Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

iiDelivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical to this Warrant.

iiiRescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice (including
by email) to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

ivCompensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than
a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided (and not thereafter corrected at least two (2) Trading Days before the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases for the Holder, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder (up to the number of
shares of Common Stock required to be purchased by the Holder or its broker for the Buy-In) in connection with a valid exercise, and
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vNo
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

viCharges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed
by the Holder and the Company shall have the right to require, as a condition thereto, the prior or contemporaneous payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares, in each case, if applicable.

5

viiClosing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)Beneficial
Ownership Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Person acting as
a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (including such group itself), any other Person who is a beneficial
owner of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and any other Person whose beneficial ownership would
or could be aggregated with the Holder and the foregoing Persons, collectively, the Attribution Parties), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Warrant) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C)
a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99/9.99/19.99]% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding (for purposes of the denominator, immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the applicable exercise of this Warrant). The Holder, upon
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. Any purported delivery to the Holder or the Attribution Parties of a number of shares of Common Stock
or any other security upon exercise of any Warrant shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that before
or after such delivery, the Holder and the Attribution Parties would have beneficial ownership of Common Stock or any other such class in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the date of the Letter Agreement and while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues
by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of the dividend, distribution, subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

7

(c)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time
of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

8

(d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company (including without limitation
through a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission), directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted for shares representing more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions (other than one or more bona fide financing transactions) consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (group status
being determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) (each a Fundamental Transaction), to the extent
any portion to this Warrant remains unexercised, then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive,
upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as the Holder would have been entitled to receive
upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the
number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). If the Company undertakes a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
surviving entity and the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person, then the Company shall provide that, prior to
or simultaneously with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person
(including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as
the Holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the foregoing provisions, and to assume the other obligations under this Warrant.
The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (other than (x) any stock split or reverse stock split,
(y) any transaction effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company, or (z) any holding company
reorganization or parent-subsidiary merger not requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Sections 251(g) or 253 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provisions thereof)), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from
the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion). Black Scholes Value
means the fair value of this Warrant based on the date of settlement of the warrant as determined by an independent third-party valuation
specialist using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and approved by the Board of Directors. The basis of fair value for this provision
follows the principles of the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction). The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for the Company (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 2(e) hereof, the
Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(d) to permit a Fundamental
Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant.

9

(e)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice
to Holder.

iAdjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

iiNotice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or
a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken,
the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or
warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall
remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
the Letter Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company, unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers a duly executed Assignment
Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

(d)Transfer
Restrictions. If, in connection with the transfer of this Warrant, the Warrant Shares shall not be either (i) eligible to be sold
or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue
sky laws or (ii) eligible to be sold or transferred without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(e)Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

(a)No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares in a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(iv) and Section 2(d)(v) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(d)Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, from and after the Issue Date, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of
the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

12

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business
Days of receipt of the Notice of Exercise or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three (3)
Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within
two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent,
reputable investment bank selected by the Company and reasonably approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of
the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause (at its expense) the investment bank
or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results
no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.

13

(f)Jurisdiction. Except as set forth in Section 5(e), all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(g)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver;
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in
collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the
Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Letter Agreement. Any notice, request or other document required
or permitted to be given or delivered to the Company by the Holder shall be delivered via email to josephmanhede@outlooktherapeutics.com.

(j)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)Amendment;
Waiver. The provisions of the Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived only with the written consent
of the Company and the Holder.

14

(n)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS,
INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: Outlook
Therapeutics, Inc.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

(4)After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise, the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(5)The
undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant.)

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______] shares
of Warrant Number ___ and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to the following:

Name: .

Address: .

.

.

Dated: ____________, _______

Holders Name: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION SET FORTH
HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant Number: 2025A-[] Issue Date: January [], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, Syntone Ventures LLC or its permitted assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon
the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date
set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [], 2030
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Outlook Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of
Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

This Warrant is one of a series
of similar warrants issued pursuant to those certain letter agreements, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and each warrantholder
identified therein (each, a Letter Agreement). All such warrants are referred to herein, collectively, as the Warrants.

Section
1.Definitions; Letter Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Letter Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever this Warrant references terms of, or provisions being in accordance
with provisions of, the Letter Agreement, such terms and provisions of the Letter Agreement shall be deemed incorporated into this Warrant
and to be part hereof as though set forth herein.

Section
2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise
of Warrant. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within two (2) days on
which the Trading Market is open for trading (Trading Days) following the date of exercise, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the cashless exercise procedure referenced in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company to effect an exercise hereunder until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. (It is understood and agreed that to surrender this Warrant to the Company for any purpose under this Warrant, the Holder
only needs to e-mail to the Company e-mail address provided in Section 5(h) an electronic copy of the Warrant and state such Holders
intent to surrender the Warrant.) Partial exercise of this Warrant shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the number of Warrant Shares set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.26, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c)Cashless
Exercise in Limited Circumstances. This Warrant may only be exercised for cash in accordance with Section 2(a), provided,
however, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holders, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

2

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may
be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

iDelivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate (or evidence of issuance of the Warrant Shares in book entry with the Transfer Agent), registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise (or, in the case of book entry issuance of Warrant Shares,
evidence of such issuance to the email address specified in such Notice of Exercise) by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, if the Company has by such date received the Exercise Price,
and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (provided that the foregoing clause (ii)
shall not apply in the case of cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this
Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

iiDelivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical to this Warrant.

iiiRescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice (including
by email) to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

ivCompensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than
a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided (and not thereafter corrected at least two (2) Trading Days before the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases for the Holder, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder (up to the number of
shares of Common Stock required to be purchased by the Holder or its broker for the Buy-In) in connection with a valid exercise, and
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vNo
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

viCharges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed
by the Holder and the Company shall have the right to require, as a condition thereto, the prior or contemporaneous payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares, in each case, if applicable.

5

viiClosing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)Beneficial
Ownership Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Person acting as
a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (including such group itself), any other Person who is a beneficial
owner of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and any other Person whose beneficial ownership would
or could be aggregated with the Holder and the foregoing Persons, collectively, the Attribution Parties), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Warrant) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C)
a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99/9.99/19.99]% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding (for purposes of the denominator, immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the applicable exercise of this Warrant). The Holder, upon
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. Any purported delivery to the Holder or the Attribution Parties of a number of shares of Common Stock
or any other security upon exercise of any Warrant shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that before
or after such delivery, the Holder and the Attribution Parties would have beneficial ownership of Common Stock or any other such class in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the date of the Letter Agreement and while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues
by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of the dividend, distribution, subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

7

(c)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time
of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

8

(d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company (including without limitation
through a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission), directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted for shares representing more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions (other than one or more bona fide financing transactions) consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (group status
being determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) (each a Fundamental Transaction), to the extent
any portion to this Warrant remains unexercised, then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive,
upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as the Holder would have been entitled to receive
upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the
number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). If the Company undertakes a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
surviving entity and the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person, then the Company shall provide that, prior to
or simultaneously with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person
(including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as
the Holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the foregoing provisions, and to assume the other obligations under this Warrant.
The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (other than (x) any stock split or reverse stock split,
(y) any transaction effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company, or (z) any holding company
reorganization or parent-subsidiary merger not requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Sections 251(g) or 253 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provisions thereof)), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from
the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion). Black Scholes Value
means the fair value of this Warrant based on the date of settlement of the warrant as determined by an independent third-party valuation
specialist using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and approved by the Board of Directors. The basis of fair value for this provision
follows the principles of the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction). The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for the Company (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 2(e) hereof, the
Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(d) to permit a Fundamental
Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant.

9

(e)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice
to Holder.

iAdjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

iiNotice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or
a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken,
the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or
warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall
remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
the Letter Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company, unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers a duly executed Assignment
Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

(d)Transfer
Restrictions. If, in connection with the transfer of this Warrant, the Warrant Shares shall not be either (i) eligible to be sold
or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue
sky laws or (ii) eligible to be sold or transferred without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(e)Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

(a)No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares in a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(iv) and Section 2(d)(v) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(d)Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, from and after the Issue Date, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of
the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

12

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business
Days of receipt of the Notice of Exercise or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three (3)
Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within
two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent,
reputable investment bank selected by the Company and reasonably approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of
the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause (at its expense) the investment bank
or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results
no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.

13

(f)Jurisdiction. Except as set forth in Section 5(e), all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(g)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver;
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in
collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the
Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Letter Agreement. Any notice, request or other document required
or permitted to be given or delivered to the Company by the Holder shall be delivered via email to josephmanhede@outlooktherapeutics.com.

(j)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)Amendment;
Waiver. The provisions of the Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived only with the written consent
of the Company and the Holder.

14

(n)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS,
INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: Outlook
Therapeutics, Inc.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

(4)After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise, the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(5)The
undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant.)

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______] shares
of Warrant Number ___ and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to the following:

Name: .

Address: .

.

.

Dated: ____________, _______

Holders Name: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex4-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION SET FORTH
HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant Number: 2025B-[] Issue Date: January [], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Syntone Ventures LLC or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the date that is five years after the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Outlook Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

This Warrant is one of a series
of similar warrants issued pursuant to those certain letter agreements, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and each warrantholder
identified therein (each, a Letter Agreement). All such warrants are referred to herein, collectively, as the Warrants.

Section
1.Definitions; Letter Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Letter Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever this Warrant references terms of, or provisions being in accordance
with provisions of, the Letter Agreement, such terms and provisions of the Letter Agreement shall be deemed incorporated into this Warrant
and to be part hereof as though set forth herein.

Section
2.Exercise.

(a)Exercise
of Warrant. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within two (2) days on
which the Trading Market is open for trading (Trading Days) following the date of exercise, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the cashless exercise procedure referenced in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company to effect an exercise hereunder until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. (It is understood and agreed that to surrender this Warrant to the Company for any purpose under this Warrant, the Holder
only needs to e-mail to the Company e-mail address provided in Section 5(h) an electronic copy of the Warrant and state such Holders
intent to surrender the Warrant.) Partial exercise of this Warrant shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the number of Warrant Shares set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.26, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c)Cashless
Exercise in Limited Circumstances. This Warrant may only be exercised for cash in accordance with Section 2(a), provided,
however, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holders, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

2

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may
be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

(d)Mechanics of Exercise.

iDelivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate (or evidence of issuance of the Warrant Shares in book entry with the Transfer Agent), registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise (or, in the case of book entry issuance of Warrant Shares,
evidence of such issuance to the email address specified in such Notice of Exercise) by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, if the Company has by such date received the Exercise Price,
and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (provided that the foregoing clause (ii)
shall not apply in the case of cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this
Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

iiDelivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical to this Warrant.

iiiRescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice (including
by email) to the Company at any time prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

ivCompensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than
a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided (and not thereafter corrected at least two (2) Trading Days before the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases for the Holder, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder (up to the number of
shares of Common Stock required to be purchased by the Holder or its broker for the Buy-In) in connection with a valid exercise, and
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vNo
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

viCharges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed
by the Holder and the Company shall have the right to require, as a condition thereto, the prior or contemporaneous payment of a sum
sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares, in each case, if applicable.

5

viiClosing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)Beneficial
Ownership Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Person acting as
a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (including such group itself), any other Person who is a beneficial
owner of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and any other Person whose beneficial ownership would
or could be aggregated with the Holder and the foregoing Persons, collectively, the Attribution Parties), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Warrant) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C)
a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99/9.99/19.99]% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding (for purposes of the denominator, immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the applicable exercise of this Warrant). The Holder, upon
notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. Any purported delivery to the Holder or the Attribution Parties of a number of shares of Common Stock
or any other security upon exercise of any Warrant shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that before
or after such delivery, the Holder and the Attribution Parties would have beneficial ownership of Common Stock or any other such class in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the date of the Letter Agreement and while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues
by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of the dividend, distribution, subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

7

(c)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time
of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

8

(d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company (including without limitation
through a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission), directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted for shares representing more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions (other than one or more bona fide financing transactions) consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (group status
being determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) (each a Fundamental Transaction), to the extent
any portion to this Warrant remains unexercised, then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive,
upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as the Holder would have been entitled to receive
upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the
number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). If the Company undertakes a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
surviving entity and the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person, then the Company shall provide that, prior to
or simultaneously with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person
(including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as
the Holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the foregoing provisions, and to assume the other obligations under this Warrant.
The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (other than (x) any stock split or reverse stock split,
(y) any transaction effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company, or (z) any holding company
reorganization or parent-subsidiary merger not requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Sections 251(g) or 253 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provisions thereof)), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from
the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion). Black Scholes Value
means the fair value of this Warrant based on the date of settlement of the warrant as determined by an independent third-party valuation
specialist using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and approved by the Board of Directors. The basis of fair value for this provision
follows the principles of the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction). The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for the Company (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 2(e) hereof, the
Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(d) to permit a Fundamental
Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant.

9

(e)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)Notice
to Holder.

iAdjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

iiNotice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or
a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken,
the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or
warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall
remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
the Letter Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company, unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers a duly executed Assignment
Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

(d)Transfer
Restrictions. If, in connection with the transfer of this Warrant, the Warrant Shares shall not be either (i) eligible to be sold
or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue
sky laws or (ii) eligible to be sold or transferred without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(e)Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

(a)No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares in a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(iv) and Section 2(d)(v) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(d)Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, from and after the Issue Date, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of
the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

12

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business
Days of receipt of the Notice of Exercise or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three (3)
Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within
two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent,
reputable investment bank selected by the Company and reasonably approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of
the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause (at its expense) the investment bank
or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results
no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.

13

(f)Jurisdiction. Except as set forth in Section 5(e), all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

(g)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)Nonwaiver;
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in
collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the
Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Letter Agreement. Any notice, request or other document required
or permitted to be given or delivered to the Company by the Holder shall be delivered via email to josephmanhede@outlooktherapeutics.com.

(j)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)Amendment;
Waiver. The provisions of the Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived only with the written consent
of the Company and the Holder.

14

(n)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS,
INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: Outlook
Therapeutics, Inc.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

(4)After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise, the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(5)The
undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant.)

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______] shares
of Warrant Number ___ and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to the following:

Name: .

Address: .

.

.

Dated: ____________, _______

Holders Name: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

OUTLOOK
THERAPEUTICS, inc.

January 16, 2025

To: Holder of Warrants to Purchase Common Stock

Re: Inducement
Offer to Exercise Warrants to Purchase Common Stock

Dear Holder:

Outlook Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) is pleased to offer to you (Holder, you
or similar terminology) (i) the opportunity to receive new warrants to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) a reduction in the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective
Existing Warrants) of the warrants set forth on the Holder signature page hereto (the Existing Warrants)
held by you in consideration for your exercise for cash all of the Existing Warrants, as set forth on the signature page hereto.
The resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants (the Existing Warrant Shares) has
been registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278209) (the Registration Statement).
The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement (the Agreement),
will be effective for the resale of the Existing Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the New Warrants (as defined herein).

The Company desires to reduce
the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective Existing Warrants) of the Existing Warrants to $2.51 per share (which includes the $0.125
for each New Warrant (as defined below) in compliance with Nasdaq rules) (the Reduced Exercise Price). In
consideration for the exercise in full for cash of all of the Existing Warrants held by the Holder at the Reduced Exercise Price as set
forth on the Holders signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise) on or before the Execution Time
(as defined below), the Company hereby offers to sell and issue you new unregistered warrants to purchase Common Stock (the New
Warrants) in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, to purchase up to a number
of shares (the New Warrant Shares) of Common Stock equal to 200% of the number of Existing Warrant Shares
issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise, which New Warrants shall have an exercise price per share equal to $2.26, subject to adjustment
as provided in the New Warrants. 50% of the New Warrants (the Tranche A New Warrants) will be exercisable
immediately and have a term of exercise through five years from the date of issuance, which Tranche A New Warrants shall be substantially
in the form as set forth in Annex A hereto. The remaining New Warrants (the Tranche B New Warrants)
will (i) be exercisable upon the effective date (the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date) of an amendment
to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (Charter) increasing the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock issuable by the Required Minimum (as defined below) (the Share Increase Amendment), which Share
Increase Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval
(as hereinafter defined), and (ii) have a term of exercise through five years from the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date, which
Tranche B New Warrants shall be in substantially the form as set forth in Annex B hereto. The Company shall take all action necessary
under applicable law to submit to its stockholders, in connection with its 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025
Annual Meeting), a proposal to amend the Charter (the Share Increase Proposal) to increase
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock by at least the Required Minimum (as hereinafter defined). As used herein,
Required Minimum means the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock potentially issuable in the
future pursuant to the Tranche B New Warrants and the other Tranche B New Warrants issued to other holders of the Companys Existing
Warrants, without regard to any exercise limits set forth therein and the effect of potential future adjustments to exercise price. As
used herein, Requisite Stockholder Approval means receipt of stockholder votes and/or proxies sufficient to
obtain approval of the record holders of Common Stock for the Share Increase Proposal. The New Warrant certificates will be delivered
at Closing (as defined below), and such New Warrants, together with any New Warrant Shares, will, unless and until their sales are registered
under the Securities Act, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for an unregistered warrant and unregistered
shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any Warrant Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed
the beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in Section 2(e) of
the Existing Warrants, the Company shall only issue such number of Existing Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder
to exceed the maximum ownership permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be held in abeyance until notice
from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced
through the Existing Warrant, which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the payment in full of the Reduced Exercise Price),
and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrant (provided that no additional exercise price shall be due and payable).
The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation is as set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.

1

Expressly subject to the paragraph
immediately following this paragraph below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this Agreement below, with such acceptance constituting
Holders exercise in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders signature page hereto
on or before 5 a.m., Eastern Time, on January 16, 2025 (the Execution Time).

Additionally, the Company
hereby makes the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex C attached hereto. The Holder represents and warrants
that, as of the date hereof, the Holder is fully aware of, and has reviewed all of the Companys public filings. Holder represents
and warrants that, as the time the Holder was offered the New Warrants, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any New Warrants it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends when issued, and neither the
New Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered under the Securities Act, except
as provided in Annex C attached hereto. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the New Warrants as principal
for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of the New Warrants or the New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the New Warrant
Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws). Additionally, Holder represents and warrants that it, either alone or together with its representatives, has such
knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the
prospective investment in the New Warrants, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of its decision to purchase the New Warrants pursuant
to this Agreement. Holder is not a registered broker-dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), or a member of FINRA or an entity engaged in the business of being a broker-dealer. The
Holder is not affiliated with any broker-dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act, or a member of FINRA or
an entity engaged in the business of being a broker-dealer. The Holder will deliver to the Company on the date hereof a signed copy of
the investor representation letter addressed to BTIG, LLC, as Capital Markets Advisor, substantially in the form of Annex
D hereto.

2

Holder is not purchasing the
New Warrants as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the New Warrants published in any newspaper,
magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Holder, any other
general solicitation or general advertisement. Holder represents that it is not a person of the type described in Section 506(d) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act that would disqualify the Company from engaging in a transaction pursuant to Section 506 of
Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Holder also represents that it was contacted regarding the sale of the New Warrants by the
Company (or an authorized agent or representative of the Company) with which the Holder had a substantial pre-existing relationship.

The Holder understands that
issuance of the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities
laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to
the following:

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR
THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [EXERCISABLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE
SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND
RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION
SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

3

Certificates evidencing the
New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above) (i) while a registration statement covering
the resale of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares
may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a letter to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the Transfer
Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by such Holder, subject to the receipt of a duly executed certificate
of representations of the Holder, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Companys counsel. From and after the Delegend
Date, such New Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or at such time
as such legend is no longer required under this paragraph, it will, no later than one Trading Day following the delivery by the Holder
to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such first
Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), together with such other letters of representation as the Company may
reasonably request, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive
and other legends or, at the request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust
Company System as directed by the Holder.

At any time during the period
commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the New Warrant Shares may be
sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation
pursuant to Rule 144, if there is no effective registration statement covering the resale of all of the New Warrant Shares and the
Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has
ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy
any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to the
undersigneds other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the undersigned, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the New Warrant Shares, an amount in cash equal to two
percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of the undersigneds New Warrant on the day of a Public Information Failure and on
every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such
Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the undersigned to transfer
the New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the undersigned shall be entitled pursuant to this paragraph are
referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid
on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the
third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the
Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest
at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit the undersigneds right
to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and the undersigned shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4

If this offer is accepted
and the transaction documents are executed by the Execution Time, then as promptly as possible following the Execution Time, but in any
event no later than 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day following the Execution Time, the Company shall issue a press release
disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission
disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the filing with the Commission of this Agreement as
an exhibit thereto within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the dissemination of such press release, the Company represents
to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company, or any of its respective
officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the dissemination
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, its officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your
Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company represents, warrants and covenants that, upon acceptance of this offer, the
Existing Warrant Shares shall be issued at Closing free of any legends or restrictions on resale by Holder.

No later than the first Trading
Day following the Execution Time and subject to the Companys receipt of the aggregate Reduced Exercise Price set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto, the closing (Closing) shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually
agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Company, settlement of the Existing Warrant Shares shall occur electronically through the Depository
Trust Company.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the obligations of the Holders under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other holder or
holders of Existing Warrants or other warrants of the Company (each, an Other Holder) under any other agreement
related to the exercise of such warrants (Other Warrant Exercise Agreement), and the Holder shall not be responsible
in any way for the performance of the obligations of any Other Holder or under any such Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. Nothing contained
in this Agreement, and no action taken by the Holders pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holder and the Other Holders
as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Holder and the Other Holders
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the Company acknowledges that the Holder and the Other Holders are not acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. The Company and the Holder confirm that the
Holder has independently participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and
advisors. The Holder shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising
out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any Other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose.

5

The Company shall pay all
transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Existing Warrant Shares. This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of laws principles.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby.

6

Sincerely yours,

OUTLOOK
THERAPEUTICS, inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Company
signature page to Inducement Offer]

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Number of Existing Warrants: 

Aggregate Existing Warrant Exercise Price at
the Reduced Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously with signing this Agreement: 

Existing Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker:
4.99%, 
9.99% or 19.99%

Tranche A New Warrants:(100%
of the total Existing Warrants being exercised)

Tranche B New Warrants:(100%
of the total Existing Warrants being exercised)

New Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 
4.99%, 9.99% or 
19.99%

DTC Instructions:

The Existing Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

Broker Name: 

Broker DTC DWAC #: 

Broker Contact: 

Account Number: 

[Holder
signature page to Inducement Offer]

Annex A

Form of Tranche A New Warrant

[See attached.]

Annex B

Form of Tranche B New Warrant

[See attached.]

Annex C

Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder as of the date hereof
except as otherwise described in the SEC Reports (as defined below), which qualify these representations and warranties in their entirety:

a) SEC
Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or
such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits
thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC
Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently an
issuer identified in Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection herewith, other
than the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and
contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

c) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances
or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other
material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which
any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except, in
the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect
upon the business, prospects, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole,
or in its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

C-1

d) Registration
Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of this Agreement, provided that
if such day falls on a day when the Commissions EDGAR system is not available to accept filings, then the next day EDGAR is available
to accept filings), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1,
if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A New Warrants by the
holders of the Tranche A New Warrants (the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following
the date hereof (or within 90 calendar days following the date hereof in case of full review of such registration statement
by the Commission) and to keep the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) the date
on which the Tranche A New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A New Warrants may be resold by the Holders without
registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, without
the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or
any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the Tranche A New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A New
Warrants have been sold pursuant to the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other
rule of similar effect. Additionally, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of
receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, provided that if such day falls on a day when the Commissions EDGAR system is not
available to accept filings, then the next day EDGAR is available to accept filings), the Company shall file a registration statement
on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1, if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale
of the New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche B New Warrants by the holders of the Tranche B New Warrants (the Tranche
B Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche B Resale Registration
Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following the date of the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (or within
90 calendar days following the date of the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval in case of full review of such
registration statement by the Commission) and to keep the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until the earlier
of (i) the date on which the Tranche B New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche B New Warrants may be resold by
the Holders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities
Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the Tranche B New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche
B New Warrants have been sold pursuant to the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any
other rule of similar effect.

C-2

e) Trading
Market. The transactions contemplated under this Agreement comply with all the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market.
As used herein, Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is
listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

f) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to this
Agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to the applicable Trading Market for the listing of the New Warrant Shares for trading
thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, (iv) such filings as are
required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

g) Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further
agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all
of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted
on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for
electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by
timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer. In addition, the Company shall take reasonable measures to ensure that all proxies solicited in connection with the 2025 Annual
Meeting are solicited in compliance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if on the date of
the 2025 Annual Meeting, or a date preceding the date on which the 2025 Annual Meeting is scheduled, the Company reasonably believes that
(i) it will not receive proxies and/or stockholder votes of the record holders of the Common Stock sufficient to obtain the Requisite
Stockholder Approval, whether or not a quorum would be present or (ii) it will not have sufficient shares of Common Stock represented
(whether in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct business at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Company may postpone
or adjourn, or make one or more successive postponements or adjournments of, the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company agrees that, subject
to the board of directors of the Companys compliance with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, (i) the board of directors
of the Company shall recommend that the record holders of the Common Stock vote to approve the Share Increase Proposal and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to solicit such approval within the timeframe set forth in this Section (g) and (ii) the definitive
proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual Meeting shall include a statement to the effect that the board of directors of the Company
recommends that the record holders of the Common Stock vote to approve the Share Increase Proposal. Subject to the receipt of the Requisite
Stockholder Approval, the Company shall file the Share Increase Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as soon
as reasonably practicable following the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval. Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required,
the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares as required under Regulation D
and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Holder. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder
at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide
evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder

C-3

Annex D

INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER

BTIG, LLC

350 Bush Street, 9th Floor

San Francisco, CA 94104

RE: Issuance of New Warrants (the Securities)
by Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities by the
Company, we represent, warrant, agree and acknowledge as follows:

1. No disclosure or offering document has been prepared in connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities by you or your affiliates
(together, BTIG).

2. (a) We have conducted our own investigation of the Company and the Securities and we have not relied on any statements or other
information provided by BTIG concerning the Company or the Securities or the offer and issuance of the Securities, (b) we have had
access to, and an adequate opportunity to review, financial and other information as we deem necessary to make our decision to receive
the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof, (c) we have been offered the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company and received answers thereto, including on the financial information, as we deemed necessary in connection
with our decision to receive the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof; and (d) we
have made our own assessment and have satisfied ourselves concerning the relevant tax and other economic considerations relevant to our
investment in the Securities.

3. BTIG and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and controlling persons have made no independent investigation
with respect to the Company or the Securities or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of any information supplied to us by the Company.

4. In connection with the issuance of the Securities, BTIG has not acted as our financial advisor or fiduciary.

5. We are an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of the Securities Act. Accordingly, we
understand that the offering meets the exemptions from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(B), (C) or (J).

6. We (i) are an institutional account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c), (ii) are a sophisticated investor, experienced
in investing in private equity transactions and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard
to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, and (iii) have exercised independent judgment in
evaluating our participation in the purchase of the Securities. Accordingly, we understand that the offering meets (i) the exemptions
from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(A) and (ii) the institutional customer exemption under FINRA Rule 2111(b).

7. We are aware that the transaction in which we are participating in is being made in reliance on a private placement exemption from
registration under the Securities Act and are acquiring the Securities for our own account or for an account over which we exercise sole
discretion for another accredited investor.

8. We are able to fend for ourselves in the transactions contemplated herein; have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our prospective investment in the Securities; and have the ability to bear
the economic risks of our prospective investment and can afford the complete loss of such investment.

D-1

9. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, are being offered for resale
in transactions not requiring registration under the Securities Act, and unless so registered, may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred
except in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to any
exemption therefrom or in a transaction not subject thereto.

10. We agree to release the Company and BTIG from and against:

a. any legal, equitable or other claim that may arise under the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the rules and
regulations thereunder, any other applicable law, rule or regulation or in general under any theory of liability or relief in connection
with the offer and issuance of the Securities; and

b. any losses, damages, injuries, declines in value, lost opportunities, liabilities, fees, charges, costs or expenses of any nature
that we may suffer in connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF INVESTOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

OUTLOOK
THERAPEUTICS, inc.

January 16, 2025

To: Holder of Warrants to Purchase Common Stock

Re: Inducement
Offer to Exercise Warrants to Purchase Common Stock

Dear Holder:

Outlook Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) is pleased to offer to you (Holder, you
or similar terminology) (i) the opportunity to receive new warrants to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) a reduction in the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective
Existing Warrants) of the warrants set forth on the Holder signature page hereto (the Existing Warrants)
held by you in consideration for your exercise for cash all of the Existing Warrants, as set forth on the signature page hereto.
The resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants (the Existing Warrant Shares) has
been registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278959) (the Registration Statement).
The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement (the Agreement),
will be effective for the resale of the Existing Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the New Warrants (as defined herein).

The
Company desires to reduce the Exercise Price (as defined in the respective Existing Warrants) of the Existing Warrants to $2.51 per share(which
includes the $0.125 for each New Warrant (as defined below) in compliance with Nasdaq rules) (the Reduced Exercise Price).
In consideration for the exercise in full for cash of all of the Existing Warrants held by the Holder at the Reduced Exercise Price as
set forth on the Holders signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise) on or before the Execution
Time (as defined below), the Company hereby offers to sell and issue you new unregistered warrants to purchase Common Stock (the New
Warrants) in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, to purchase up to a number
of shares (the New Warrant Shares) of Common Stock equal to 200% of the number of Existing Warrant Shares
issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise, which New Warrants shall have an exercise price per share equal to $2.26, subject to adjustment
as provided in the New Warrants. 50% of the New Warrants (the Tranche A New Warrants) will be exercisable
immediately and have a term of exercise through five years from the date of issuance, which Tranche A New Warrants shall be substantially
in the form as set forth in Annex A hereto. The remaining New Warrants (the Tranche B New Warrants)
will (i) be exercisable upon the effective date (the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date) of an amendment
to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (Charter) increasing the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock issuable by the Required Minimum (as defined below) (the Share Increase Amendment), which Share
Increase Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval
(as hereinafter defined), and (ii) have a term of exercise through five years from the Share Increase Amendment Effective Date, which
Tranche B New Warrants shall be in substantially the form as set forth in Annex B hereto. The Company shall take all action necessary
under applicable law to submit to its stockholders, in connection with its 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025
Annual Meeting), a proposal to amend the Charter (the Share Increase Proposal) to increase
the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock by at least the Required Minimum (as hereinafter defined). As used herein,
Required Minimum means the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock potentially issuable in the
future pursuant to the Tranche B New Warrants and the other Tranche B New Warrants issued to other holders of the Companys Existing
Warrants, without regard to any exercise limits set forth therein and the effect of potential future adjustments to exercise price. As
used herein, Requisite Stockholder Approval means receipt of stockholder votes and/or proxies sufficient to
obtain approval of the record holders of Common Stock for the Share Increase Proposal.

1

The
New Warrant certificates will be delivered at Closing (as defined below), and such New Warrants, together with any New Warrant Shares,
will, unless and until their sales are registered under the Securities Act, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical
for an unregistered warrant and unregistered shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any Warrant
Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed the beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants, the Company shall only issue such number of Existing Warrant Shares to the
Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum ownership permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance
to be held in abeyance until notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations,
which abeyance shall be evidenced through the Existing Warrant, which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the payment in full
of the Reduced Exercise Price), and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrant (provided that no additional exercise
price shall be due and payable). The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation is as set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto.

Expressly subject to the paragraph
immediately following this paragraph below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this Agreement below, with such acceptance constituting
Holders exercise in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders signature page hereto
on or before 5:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on January 16, 2025 (the Execution Time).

Additionally,
the Company hereby makes the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex C attached hereto. The Holder represents
and warrants that, as of the date hereof, the Holder is fully aware of, and has reviewed all of the Companys public filings. Holder
represents and warrants that, as the time the Holder was offered the New Warrants, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be: an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501
of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends when issued, and
neither the New Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered under the Securities
Act, except as provided in Annex C attached hereto. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the New Warrants
as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding
the distribution of the New Warrants or the New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the New
Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal
and state securities laws). Additionally, Holder represents and warrants that it, either alone or together with its representatives, has
such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of the prospective investment in the New Warrants, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of its decision to purchase the New Warrants
pursuant to this Agreement. Holder is not a registered broker-dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), or a member of FINRA or an entity engaged in the business of being a broker-dealer.
The Holder is not affiliated with any broker-dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act, or a member of FINRA
or an entity engaged in the business of being a broker-dealer. The Holder will deliver to the Company on the date hereof a signed
copy of the investor representation letter addressed to BTIG, LLC, as Capital Markets Advisor, substantially in the form
of Annex D hereto.

2

Holder is not purchasing the
New Warrants as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the New Warrants published in any newspaper,
magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Holder, any other
general solicitation or general advertisement. Holder represents that it is not a person of the type described in Section 506(d) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act that would disqualify the Company from engaging in a transaction pursuant to Section 506 of
Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Holder also represents that it was contacted regarding the sale of the New Warrants by the
Company (or an authorized agent or representative of the Company) with which the Holder had a substantial pre-existing relationship.

The Holder understands that
issuance of the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities
laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to
the following:

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR
THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [EXERCISABLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE
SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND
RESALE, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTION
SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

3

Certificates evidencing the
New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above) (i) while a registration statement covering
the resale of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares
may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a letter to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the Transfer
Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by such Holder, subject to the receipt of a duly executed certificate
of representations of the Holder, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Companys counsel. From and after the Delegend
Date, such New Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or at such time
as such legend is no longer required under this paragraph, it will, no later than one Trading Day following the delivery by the Holder
to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such first
Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), together with such other letters of representation as the Company may
reasonably request, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive
and other legends or, at the request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust
Company System as directed by the Holder.

At any time during the period
commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing and ending at such time that all of the New Warrant Shares may be sold
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation
pursuant to Rule 144, if there is no effective registration statement covering the resale of all of the New Warrant Shares and the
Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has
ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy
any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to the
undersigneds other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the undersigned, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the New Warrant Shares, an amount in cash equal to two
percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of the undersigneds New Warrant on the day of a Public Information Failure and on
every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such
Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the undersigned to transfer
the New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the undersigned shall be entitled pursuant to this paragraph are
referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid
on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the
third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the
Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest
at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit the undersigneds right
to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and the undersigned shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4

If this offer is accepted
and the transaction documents are executed by the Execution Time, then as promptly as possible following the Execution Time, but in any
event no later than 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day following the Execution Time, the Company shall issue a press release
disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission
disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the filing with the Commission of this Agreement as
an exhibit thereto within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the dissemination of such press release, the Company represents
to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company, or any of its respective
officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the dissemination
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, its officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your
Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company represents, warrants and covenants that, upon acceptance of this offer, the
Existing Warrant Shares shall be issued at Closing free of any legends or restrictions on resale by Holder.

No later than the first Trading
Day following the date on which the Holder has received all requisite approvals for its participation in the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement from foreign direct investment and currency regulators in China (Regulatory Approval) and
subject to the Companys receipt of the aggregate Reduced Exercise Price set forth on the Holders signature page hereto,
the closing (Closing) shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed
by the Company, settlement of the Existing Warrant Shares shall occur electronically through the Depository Trust Company. Holder hereby
covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval within 120 calendar days of the Execution Time.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the obligations of the Holders under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other holder or
holders of Existing Warrants or other warrants of the Company (each, an Other Holder) under any other agreement
related to the exercise of such warrants (Other Warrant Exercise Agreement), and the Holder shall not be responsible
in any way for the performance of the obligations of any Other Holder or under any such Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. Nothing contained
in this Agreement, and no action taken by the Holders pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holder and the Other Holders
as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Holder and the Other Holders
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the Company acknowledges that the Holder and the Other Holders are not acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. The Company and the Holder confirm that the
Holder has independently participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and
advisors. The Holder shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising
out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any Other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose.

5

The Company shall pay all
transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Existing Warrant Shares. This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of laws principles.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby.

6

Sincerely yours,

OUTLOOK
THERAPEUTICS, inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Company
signature page to Inducement Offer]

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: Syntone Ventures LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Number of Existing Warrants: 

Aggregate Existing Warrant Exercise Price at
the Reduced Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously with signing this Agreement: 

Existing Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker:
4.99%, 
9.99% or 19.99%

Tranche A New Warrants:(100%
of the total Existing Warrants being exercised)

Tranche B New Warrants:(100%
of the total Existing Warrants being exercised)

New Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 
4.99%, 9.99% or 
19.99%

DTC Instructions:

The Existing Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

Broker Name: 

Broker DTC DWAC #: 

Broker Contact: 

Account Number: 

[Holder
signature page to Inducement Offer]

Annex A

Form of Tranche A New Warrant

[See attached.]

Annex B

Form of Tranche B New Warrant

[See attached.]

Annex C

Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder
as of the date hereof except as otherwise described in the SEC Reports (as defined below), which qualify these representations and warranties
in their entirety:

a) SEC
Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof
(or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently an
issuer identified in Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection herewith, other
than the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and
contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

c) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests,
other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit
facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company
is bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to
result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations
of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

C-1

d) Registration
Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the Closing, provided that if such
day falls on a day when the Commissions EDGAR system is not available to accept filings, then the next day EDGAR is available to
accept filings), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1,
if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A New Warrants by the
Holder of the Tranche A New Warrants (the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following
the Closing (or within 90 calendar days following the Closing in case of full review of such registration statement by the
Commission) and to keep the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which
the Tranche A New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A New Warrants may be resold by the Holder without registration
and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of
similar effect or (ii) all of the Tranche A New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche A Warrants have been sold
pursuant to the Tranche A Resale Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect.
Additionally, in the event that the Closing has occurred in advance of the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, as soon as reasonably
practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, provided that if such
day falls on a day when the Commissions EDGAR system is not available to accept filings, then the next day EDGAR is available to
accept filings), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1,
if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche B New Warrants by the
Holder of the Tranche B New Warrants (the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Tranche B Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following
the date of the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (or within 90 calendar days following the date of the receipt of the Requisite
Stockholder Approval in case of full review of such registration statement by the Commission) and to keep the Tranche B
Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Tranche B New Warrants and New
Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche B New Warrants may be resold by the Holder without registration and without regard to any volume
or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance
with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all
of the Tranche B New Warrants and New Warrant Shares underlying the Tranche B New Warrants have been sold pursuant to the Tranche B Resale
Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. For avoidance of doubt, to
the extent the Requisite Stockholder Approval is received in advance of Closing, the Tranche A Registration Statement shall provide for
resale of all of the New Warrant Shares and no separate Tranche B Registration Statement shall be required.

C-2

e) Trading
Market. The transactions contemplated under this Agreement comply with all the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital
Market. As used herein, Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common
Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

f) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other person
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to the applicable Trading Market for the listing of the New Warrant
Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, (iv) such
filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

g) Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on
the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of
the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in
such application all of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the New Warrant Shares
to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary
to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting,
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the
Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without
limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with
such electronic transfer. In addition, the Company shall take reasonable measures to ensure that all proxies solicited in connection with
the 2025 Annual Meeting are solicited in compliance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if
on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting, or a date preceding the date on which the 2025 Annual Meeting is scheduled, the Company reasonably
believes that (i) it will not receive proxies and/or stockholder votes of the record holders of the Common Stock sufficient to obtain
the Requisite Stockholder Approval, whether or not a quorum would be present or (ii) it will not have sufficient shares of Common
Stock represented (whether in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct business at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the
Company may postpone or adjourn, or make one or more successive postponements or adjournments of, the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company
agrees that, subject to the board of directors of the Companys compliance with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, (i) the
board of directors of the Company shall recommend that the record holders of the Common Stock vote to approve the Share Increase Proposal
and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit such approval within the timeframe set forth in this Section (g) and
(ii) the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual Meeting shall include a statement to the effect that the board of
directors of the Company recommends that the record holders of the Common Stock vote to approve the Share Increase Proposal. Subject to
the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the Company shall file the Share Increase Amendment with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware as soon as reasonably practicable following the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

C-3

h) Form D;
Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant
Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Holder. The Company shall take such
action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and
New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the
states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder.

C-4

Annex D

INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER

BTIG, LLC

350 Bush Street, 9th Floor

San Francisco, CA 94104

RE: Issuance of New Warrants (the Securities)
by Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities by the
Company, we represent, warrant, agree and acknowledge as follows:

1. No disclosure or offering document has been prepared in connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities by you or your affiliates
(together, BTIG).

2. (a) We have conducted our own investigation of the Company and the Securities and we have not relied on any statements or other
information provided by BTIG concerning the Company or the Securities or the offer and issuance of the Securities, (b) we have had
access to, and an adequate opportunity to review, financial and other information as we deem necessary to make our decision to receive
the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof, (c) we have been offered the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company and received answers thereto, including on the financial information, as we deemed necessary in connection
with our decision to receive the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof; and (d) we
have made our own assessment and have satisfied ourselves concerning the relevant tax and other economic considerations relevant to our
investment in the Securities.

3. BTIG and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and controlling persons have made no independent investigation
with respect to the Company or the Securities or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of any information supplied to us by the Company.

4. In connection with the issuance of the Securities, BTIG has not acted as our financial advisor or fiduciary.

5. We are an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of the Securities Act. Accordingly, we
understand that the offering meets the exemptions from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(B), (C) or (J).1

1
If the investors are non-institutional investors that have been approached by the Company then they will provide reps: 1, 2, 3, 4, 7,
8, 9 and the additional reps below:

( ) We understand, acknowledge and agree that (i) BTIG, which has been
engaged by the Company in connection with the issuance of the Companys Securities, has not been engaged by the Company in connection
with our receipt of the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof and is not participating
in any manner in our receipt of the Securities, including but not limited to our negotiation with the Company with respect to the receipt
of the Securities pursuant to the terms of the warrant inducement letter dated the date hereof, our execution of the warrant inducement
letter or the issuance of Securities by the Company to us; (ii) BTIG has not introduced us to the Company, or otherwise solicited or arranged,
directly or indirectly, the Companys proposed issuance of Securities to us or our receipt of the Securities; and (iii) we have
not received any information from BTIG or any of its affiliates in connection with our receipt of Securities and we have not relied on
any statements made or purported to be made directly or indirectly by BTIG or any of its affiliates with respect to our decision to invest
in the Securities.

D-1

6. We (i) are an institutional account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c), (ii) are a sophisticated investor, experienced
in investing in private equity transactions and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard
to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, and (iii) have exercised independent judgment in
evaluating our participation in the purchase of the Securities. Accordingly, we understand that the offering meets (i) the exemptions
from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(A) and (ii) the institutional customer exemption under FINRA Rule 2111(b).

7. We are aware that the transaction in which we are participating in is being made in reliance on a private placement exemption from
registration under the Securities Act and are acquiring the Securities for our own account or for an account over which we exercise sole
discretion for another accredited investor.

8. We are able to fend for ourselves in the transactions contemplated herein; have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our prospective investment in the Securities; and have the ability to bear
the economic risks of our prospective investment and can afford the complete loss of such investment.

9. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, are being offered for resale
in transactions not requiring registration under the Securities Act, and unless so registered, may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred
except in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to any
exemption therefrom or in a transaction not subject thereto.

10. We agree to release the Company and BTIG from and against:

a. any legal, equitable or other claim that may arise under the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the rules and
regulations thereunder, any other applicable law, rule or regulation or in general under any theory of liability or relief in connection
with the offer and issuance of the Securities; and

b. any losses, damages, injuries, declines in value, lost opportunities, liabilities, fees, charges, costs or expenses of any nature
that we may suffer in connection with the offer and issuance of the Securities.

( ) We became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means
of direct contact between us and the Company or a representative of the Company (other than BTIG or its respective affiliates) acting
on behalf of the Company, and the Securities were offered to us solely by direct contact between us and the Company or a representative
of the Company. We did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to us, by any other means.
We acknowledge and agree as to ourselves that the Company represents and warrants that the Securities (i) were not offered by any form
of general solicitation or general advertising, including methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act
and (ii) are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act,
or any state securities laws.

( ) In recognition of Sections ( ) and ( ) above, we further acknowledge
and agree that we have not received any recommendation with respect to the receipt of Securities from BTIG and thus will not be deemed
to form a relationship with BTIG in connection with the receipt of Securities that would require BTIG to treat us as a retail customer
for purposes of Regulation Best Interest pursuant to Rule 15I-1 of the Exchange Act, or a retail investor for purposes of
Form CRS pursuant to Rule 17a-14 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we acknowledge and agree that we are not entitled to the protections
or disclosures required by Regulation Best Interest or Form CRS with respect to the Securities.

D-2

Very truly yours,

SYNTONE VENTURES LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:

D-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>otlk-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>otlk-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Series A Warrants
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>otlk-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37759

Entity Registrant Name Outlook Therapeutics,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001649989

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-3982704

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 111 S. Wood Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Unit #100

Entity Address, City or Town Iselin

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08830

City Area Code 609

Local Phone Number 619-3990

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol OTLK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://outlooktherapeutics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

otlk-20250116.xsd 
otlk-20250116_lab.xml 
otlk-20250116_pre.xml 
tm253522d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-004159-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm253522d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001649989 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001649989 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-37759 
38-3982704 
111 S. Wood Avenue 
Unit #100 
Iselin 
NJ 
08830 
609 
619-3990 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
OTLK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>