<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-004587.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-004587.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414165519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-004587
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Motorsport Games Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				831463958
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39868
		FILM NUMBER:		25836583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5972 NE 4TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-507-8799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5972 NE 4TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOTORSPORT GAMING US LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200814
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182117500018211752025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

Motorsport
Games Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39868 86-1791356

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

5972
NE 4th Avenue

Miami, FL 33137

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (305)507-8799

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share MSGM 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 11, 2025, Motorsport Games Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with several institutional and accredited investors (the Purchasers) for the issuance and sale in a private placement (the
Private Placement) of the following securities for gross proceeds of approximately $2.5 million: (i) 1,894,892 shares (the
Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Class A Common Stock) and (ii)
a pre-funded warrant (the Pre-Funded Warrant) to purchase up to 377,836 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares) at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The purchase price for one share of Class A Common Stock was $1.10
and the purchase price for one pre-funded warrant was $1.0999 per share, representing a premium of approximately 33% to the closing price
of the Companys Class A common stock as of April 10, 2025.

The
Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable twenty-one days after the Company mails a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C with respect
to stockholder approval of such exercise and will not expire until exercised in full. The exercise price and number of Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock dividends,
stock splits, reorganizations or similar events affecting our Class A Common Stock and the exercise price. The Pre-Funded Warrant may
be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time by means of a cashless exercise.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to prepare and file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) registering the resale of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares no later than 45 days after the date of
the Purchase Agreement (the Filing Date), to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement
declared effective as promptly as practicable thereafter, and to keep such registration statement effective at all times for a five-year
period after the closing date.

The
Private Placement closed as to gross proceeds of $2.4 million from the majority of the investors on April 11, 2025 and is expected
to close as to the remaining $100,000 on April 15, 2025. The Company will receive net proceeds of approximately $2.35 million
from the Private Placement, after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
received from the Private Placement primarily for working capital and general corporate expenses and other strategic initiatives approved
by the Companys board of directors (the Board).

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company is prohibited from issuing, entering into any agreement to issue or announcing the
issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Class A Common Stock or securities convertible or exercisable into Class A Common Stock
for a period commencing on the date of the Purchase Agreement, and expiring four and one-half (4) months thereafter in connection
with a financing transaction without the prior written consent of Purchasers that purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares
and the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts under the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement further provides
that the Purchasers have the right to participate in certain subsequent financings in an amount equal to 100% of the amount of the subsequent
financing (or 80% in the case of a public offering or an offering of securities registered under a shelf registration statement on Form
S-3) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the subsequent financing (the Right of First Refusal). The
Company agreed to seek, and obtained, stockholder approval for the granting of the Right of First Refusal. The Right of First
Refusal shall be effective from the date of that is twenty-one days after the Company mails a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule
14C with respect to such stockholder approval until the first anniversary of the closing date.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Board shall appoint an individual designated by the Purchasers that purchased at least 50.1%
in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial subscription amounts under the Purchase Agreement to serve
as a Class II director on the Board for a term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. The Purchase Agreement
further provides that the Purchasers holding a 50.1% interest in the securities issued upon closing of the Private Placement shall have
the right to appoint an individual to the Companys management team, subject to Board approval.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full
text of such agreements, forms or copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, and each of which
is incorporated herein in its entirety by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in such agreements were
made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and
may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Item
3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The
Company is required to continually meet the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq), including, among
other things, a minimum stockholders equity requirement of at least $2,500,000 for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Capital Market
pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Stockholders Equity Requirement). As described in a Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2024, the Company received a deficiency letter from Nasdaqs Listing Qualifications
Department (the Nasdaq Staff) on November 20, 2024 notifying it that it was not in compliance with the Stockholders
Equity Requirement. In the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company
reported stockholders equity of $2,170,911, which was below the Stockholders Equity Requirement. Additionally, the
Company did not meet either of the alternative Nasdaq continued listing standards under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, which include (i)
a market value of listed securities of at least $35 million or (ii) net income of $500,000 from continuing operations in the most recently
completed fiscal year or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. As of December 31, 2024, the Companys
stockholders equity was $1,226,002. In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company had until January 6, 2025 to submit a
plan to the Nasdaq Staff to regain compliance with the Stockholders Equity Requirement, which plan was submitted by such
date. On March 3, 2025, Nasdaq notified the Company that based on Nasdaqs review of the materials it submitted to
Nasdaq, the Nasdaq Staff determined to grant the Company an extension to regain compliance with the Stockholders Equity
Requirement, until April 14, 2025, subject to the Company regaining and evidencing compliance with the Stockholders Equity
Requirement by such date. In the event the Company does not regain and evidence compliance with the Stockholders Equity
Requirement by April 14, 2025, Nasdaqs staff will provide written notification to the Company that its securities
may be subject to delisting.

The
Company believes that it has regained compliance with the Stockholders Equity Requirement as a result of its receipt of the net
proceeds from the Private Placement, as described above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Nasdaq will continue to monitor
the Companys ongoing compliance with the Stockholders Equity Requirement, and if at the time of its next periodic report
the Company does not evidence compliance it may be subject to delisting.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K in relation to the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares is incorporated herein by reference. Neither the issuance of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, nor the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares, as applicable, were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state securities
laws. The issuance of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were, and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares will be, issued in reliance on the
exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

(d)
Appointment of Guoquan (Paul) Huang as Class II Director

On
April 10, 2025, the Board appointed Guoquan (Paul) Huang to serve on the board of directors, effective upon the closing of the Private
Placement and the satisfactory completion of a background check, as a Class II director for a term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting
of stockholders and until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal or as otherwise provided
in the bylaws of the Company.

Mr.
Huang, 45, has been an Assistant Professor (2014-2020) and Associate Professor (2020-present) of Mechanical Engineering
(ME) and Computer and Information Sciences (CIS) at the University of Delaware (UD), where he leads the Robot Perception and Navigation
Group (RPNG). His research interests center on nonlinear estimation and spatial computing for autonomous robots and extended reality
(XR). Mr. Huang is experienced in the fields of simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) and visual-inertial
systems, renowned for developing innovative, state-of-the-art solutions that combine theoretical elegance and practicality. Many of his
contributions have been incorporated into real-world systems and products. He co-led the research and development efforts for autonomous
food delivery at Meituan during his sabbatical leave from 2020 to 2022. Mr. Huang has been constantly recognized among the AI
2000 Scholars, Highly Ranked Scholars, and World Top 2% Scientists. He was also the recipient of a number of prestigious best paper awards,
including the ICRA 2022 Best Paper Award (Navigation), 2022 GNC Journal Best Paper Award, and the Finalists of the ICRA 2024 Best Paper
Award (Robot Vision), RSS 2023 Best Student Paper Award, ICRA 2021 Best Paper Award (Robot Vision), and RSS 2009 Best Paper Award. He
has served as an Associate Editor for the IEEE Transactions on Robotics (T-RO), IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters (RA-L), and IET
Cyber-Systems and Robotics (CSR). Mr. Huang held a Postdoctoral Associate position at MITs Computer Science and Artificial
Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), and holds a Ph.D. and M.Sc. in Computer Science from the University of MinnesotaTwin Cities.

Mr.
Huang was appointed to the Board pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and recommended by Purchasers that purchased at least 50.1% in interest
of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial subscription amounts under the Purchase Agreement. There is no other arrangement
or understanding between Mr. Huang and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Huang was selected as a director, and there are no family
relationships between Mr. Huang and any of the Companys directors or executive officers. Mr. Huang will be compensated for his
service as a director in accordance with our director compensation policy. There are no transactions involving Mr. Huang that would require
disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item
5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On
April 10, 2025, a stockholder of the Company holding a majority of the voting power of the Companys outstanding shares of Class
A and Class B common stock delivered a Written Consent of the Majority Stockholder to the Company approving the grant of the Right of
First Refusal and the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant (the Approved Matters). Because the Written Consent is sufficient
to satisfy the stockholder vote requirement under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) for the approval of the
Approved Matters, no additional stockholder vote will be needed for their approval. Consequently, the Company will not be soliciting
proxies or holding a meeting of stockholders to consider the Approved Matters.

Pursuant
to Section 228 of the DGCL, Article II, Article 2.07 of the Companys Bylaws, as amended, and Section 14(c) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including Regulation 14C, an Information
Statement on Schedule 14C will be filed with the SEC and sent or given to the stockholders of the Company to provide prompt notice of
the taking of a corporate action by written consent of stockholders to the Companys stockholders who have not consented in writing
to such action.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

4.1 Pre-Funded
Warrant, dated April 11, 2025

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 11, 2025, by and between Motorsport Games Inc. and the Purchasers signatory thereto

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Motorsport
Games Inc.

Date:
April 14, 2025 By: /s/
Stephen Hood

Stephen
Hood

Chief
Executive Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC.

Warrant Shares: 377,836 Issue Date: April 11, 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that,
for value received, Sharp Arrow Global Tech Ventures L.P. or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this
Warrant is exercised in full, but not thereafter (the Termination Date),
to subscribe for and purchase from Motorsport Games Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to three hundred seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty-six (377,836) shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement), dated April 11, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or
before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto, and
delivered in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 5(h) herein (the
Notice of Exercise). Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section
2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the
Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been
exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on which the final
Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the
Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date
of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within
one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price
of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise
Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price
of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to
effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund
of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised
prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means
of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares for the deemed surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day,
(ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal
Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and
such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the
close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than
a cashless exercise.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (the DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to, or resale of, the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise,
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in
the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery
of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (other than in the instance of a cashless
exercise) and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period,
in each case (i) or (ii) after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and
subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless
exercise) by such date (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date.
If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to
a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading
Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share
Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The
Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so
long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Initial Exercise Date, which
may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share
Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery
Date.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the
Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate,
at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant,
which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the
Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder
will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to
any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent
to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other
than any such failure that is due to the action or inaction by the Holder to the Company
with respect to such Exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at
issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which
case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise
of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required
to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice within two
(2) Trading Days after the occurrence of a Buy-In indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such
loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely
deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares
shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the
Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at
its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount
equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder
for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are
to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the
Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient
to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer
Agent fees or expenses required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company shall not close its stockholder books or records in any manner
which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Reserved.

(f) Principal
Market Regulation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant,
this Warrant may not be exercised pursuant to this Section 2 until Stockholder Approval has
been obtained.

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or
any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company to consent to any exercise of the Warrants and issuance of Warrant Shares
relating to the Stockholder Approval Date.

Stockholder
Approval Date the date that is twenty-one (21) days after the Company mails a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule
14C with respect to the Stockholder Approval.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of
its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split or consolidation) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury
shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and
shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at
any time that the Warrant is outstanding, the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before
the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall
declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement
or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would
have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the participation in such Distribution.

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of
the Company with or into another Person and the Company is not the surviving company, (ii)
the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license,
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50%
or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any
compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than stock split), or (v) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity
of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive,
for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by
a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common
Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of
any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to
the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a
written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent
entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of
the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being
for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental
Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under
this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to
the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities,
jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company
prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly
and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision
of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting
forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment,
provided, however that the Company may satisfy this requirement by filing such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or Annual or Quarterly Report. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no Warrant Share or share of the Company shall be issued
for a price that is less than the par value of such share.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other
distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special
nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval
of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
(other than a stock split) of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the
Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then,
in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last
email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 4 calendar
days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled
to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice
and provided further that no notice shall be required if information is disseminated in a
press release or document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any notice provided
in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in
Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this
Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in
the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and
this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless
the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which
may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined
in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated
the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the
Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any
exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

(d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any
transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company
may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this
Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it
is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares
issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing
or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or
any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under
the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company
prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash
settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to
it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon
surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such
cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or
the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then
such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized
Shares.

i. The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the
issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable
action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such
Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

ii. Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of
all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant
Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase
in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this
Warrant.

iii. Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for
which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all
such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant,
if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder
on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the
Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any
provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company
shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate
proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the
Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the
Purchase Agreement.

(i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder
to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights
or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted
by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including
recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant.
The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees
to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy
at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations
evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this
Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written
consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

(m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as
to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall
be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to
the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not,
for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Signature
page follows.]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: Motorsport
Games Inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to
the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment
of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Date:
_______________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: __________________________ 

Holders
Address: ____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of April 11, 2025, between Motorsport Games Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors
and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 which shall take place simultaneously with the execution
of this Agreement on the date hereof.

Closing
Date means the date of execution of this Agreement.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Blank Rome LLP, with offices located at 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed and released on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof and (ii) if this Agreement is signed and released between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Effective
Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement registering for resale all Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares have been sold pursuant
to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year anniversary of the Closing Date
provided that a holder of Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares is not an Affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of the Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions and Company Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by
such holders of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to such holders.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to employees, consultants, officers,
or directors of the Company pursuant to any share or option plan in existence as of the date hereof or subsequently approved by a vote
of the stockholders of the Company, (b) shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued
hereunder and other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the
date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of
such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term (but not,
for purposes of clarity, the exercise period of stock options) of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, collaborations
or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12 herein, and provided that any such issuance
shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person), but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing
securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities (for avoidance
of doubt, securities issued to a venture arm of a strategic investor shall be deemed an Exempt Issuance), provided that such securities
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights during the prohibition period
in Section 4.12 herein, (d) issuances of shares of Common Stock to vendors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights during the prohibition period in Section
4.12 herein; (e) issuances of shares of Common Stock to existing holders of the Companys securities in compliance with the terms
of agreements entered into with, or instruments issued to, such holders, provided that such agreements regarding such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, and provided further that such securities are
issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights; or (f) any transaction wherein
holders of warrants to purchase the Companys securities agree to exercise such warrants in exchange for a reduction in the exercise
price of such warrants or the issuance of new warrants to purchase the Companys securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

3

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price equals $1.0999, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing
Date.

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.10 per shares of Common Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval
Date and will expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means a Resale Registration Statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Resale
Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.17.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

4

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants(if applicable) purchased
hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers
aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for
cash).

Stockholder
Approval means such approval from the majority stockholder of the Company with respect to the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants
and the right of first refusal set forth in Section 4.11.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date that is twenty-one (21) days after the Company mails a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule
14C with respect to the Stockholder Approval.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

5

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, located at 16540 Pointe Village Dr, Suite 210 Lutz, Florida 33558.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by Purchasers which purchased 50.1% in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts
hereunder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, the Company hereby sells, and the Purchasers,
severally and not jointly, purchase, an aggregate of two million five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000.00) of Shares; provided,
however, that to the extent that a Purchaser may choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect, by so indicating
such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate
purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the
option of the Purchaser. At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds
equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser. The Company
shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants (if any), as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and
the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of
the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other
location (including remotely by electronic transmission).

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
At the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

6

(ii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the wire instructions;

(iii)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis a book entry
statement evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price and
to reserve a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Pre-Funded Warrant Shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants;

(iv)
a copy of the majority written consent (the Consent) of the Companys stockholder that owns a majority of
the Companys voting stock approving the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant and the Right of First Refusal, effective as of the
Stockholder Approval Date;

(v)
a draft of the Information Statement on Schedule 14C being sent to inform the Companys stockholders that the Company has obtained
the Consent;

(vi)
a draft Current Report on Form 8-K to confirm compliance with Nasdaqs equity rules;

(vii)
a draft pro forma equity calculation for the 12-month period following the date of this Agreement; and

(vii)
for each Purchaser, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase
Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided therein.

(b)
At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company or the Escrow Agent, as applicable, the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
to the Company, such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules or in the SEC Reports (as such
term is hereinafter defined), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise
made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes
the following representations and warranties to each of the Purchaser and the Placement Agent:

7

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary, free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries
or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing, and, if applicable under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets
and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the
provisions of its respective articles of association, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, or other
organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or
reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors, or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

8

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws, or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the Resale Registration Statement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to
each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares for trading
thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission, (v) Stockholder Approval and (vi) such
filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares,
when issued in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear
of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Pre-Funded
Warrants.

9

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee and/or independent contractor stock options
under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee
stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1(g) and as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights
or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares
of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound
to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the
Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision
that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or
phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state
securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for
the issuance and sale of the Securities Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such materials) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis (other than any reports that are required solely pursuant to Items 1.01, 1.02,
1.04, 1.05, 2.03, 2.04, 2.05, 2.06, 4.02(a) or 5.02(e) of Form 8-K) or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has
filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when
filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

10

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports filed by the Company prior to the execution time of this Agreement, (i)
there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method
of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any
equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans. Except for the
issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no material action, suit, inquiry, written notice of violation, proceeding
or written notice of investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign) that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, an
Action). None of the Actions disclosed on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity
or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary,
nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal
or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
pending or threatened, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the
Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

11

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is
material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens that do
not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have
been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property
and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

(p)
Intellectual Property. To its knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
date of this Agreement, except where such action would not be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written
notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person,
except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

13

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services or separation from service as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to
or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any
such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess
of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on
behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in
compliance in all material respects with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are
effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission
thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and
the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying
officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end
of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Reports, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term
is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

14

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Other than to Driven Lifestyle Group LLC (formerly Motorsport Network, LLC) and each of the Purchasers pursuant
to Section 4.17 of this Agreement, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the
Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary that has not been satisfied or waived.

(x)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is, and, assuming
the issuance of the Securities hereunder, has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

15

(z)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all
material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases
disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than
those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such Securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, assuming the Company receives gross
proceeds of at least $2,500,000 pursuant to this Agreement, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the
sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required
to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they
mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as
proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted
by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of
the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account
all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required
to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing
and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead
it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within
one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

16

(cc)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
tax liability of which has not been finally determined and all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction,
and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(dd)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) is
expected to express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

17

(gg)
[Reserved.]

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any)
could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities
are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents.

(jj)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) except as previously disclosed in the SEC Reports and pursuant to the Companys
stock buyback program, sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the shares of Common Stock,
or (iii) except as previously disclosed in the SEC Reports and pursuant to the Companys stock buyback program, paid or agreed
to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(kk)
[Reserved].

18

(ll)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(mm)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to
any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data
(including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of
it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified in writing of, and have no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards designed to maintain and protect its material confidential information
and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented backup and disaster recovery procedure consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(nn)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(oo)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(pp)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

19

(qq)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and the Company has not been notified in writing of any Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(rr)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ss)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(tt)
Notice of Disqualification Events. If the Company becomes aware of any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person
or any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered
Person, the Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any
Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

20

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such
Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any
part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser
is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status; Reliance on Exemption. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof
it is, and on each date on which it exercises any Pre-Funded Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are being
offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities
laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability
of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. Such Purchaser understands
that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state
agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the
fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering
of the Securities.

21

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto, including the Disclosure Schedules) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity
to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms
and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information
about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable
it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire
without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)
General Solicitation. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is purchasing the Securities directly from the
Company. The Purchaser became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Company as a result
of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company, and/or its respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys,
accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers,
managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to Purchaser solely by direct
contact between Purchaser and the Company. Purchaser did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities
offered to Purchaser, by any other means. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article,
notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television
or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

22

(h)
No Voting Agreements. The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement or arrangement, whether written or oral, between the Purchaser
and any other Purchaser and any of the Companys stockholders as of the date hereof, regulating the management of the Company,
the stockholders rights in the Company, the transfer of shares in the Company, including any voting agreements, stockholder agreements
or any other similar agreement even if its title is different or has any other relations or agreements with any of the Companys
stockholders, directors or officers.

(i)
Independent Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf
of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially
the following form:

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

23

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Resale Registration Statement, the preparation and filing of
any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act
to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Resale Registration Statement) thereunder.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective
under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants), (iii) if such Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming
cashless exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if
such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission), subject in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) to receipt from the Purchaser by the Company
and the Transfer Agent of customary representations of the Purchaser reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection
with such request. The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after
the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively
upon receipt of all reasonably necessary supporting documentation from the Purchaser. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant is
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, or if such
Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants), or if the Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares may be
sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule
144 as to such Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities
Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
shall be issued free of all legends, subject to receipt from the Purchaser by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations
of the Purchaser reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or
at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser
to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with
a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a
certificate (or book-entry statement) representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not
make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
Section 4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser
by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate
representing Shares or Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend.

24

(d)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain
the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act except in the case of a sale of all of substantially all of the assets of the Company, a merger or reorganization of
the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity or any transaction or series of related
transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing
more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval
prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

25

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The
Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without
the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser,
with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) the Resale Registration Statement and (ii) the filing
of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations,
in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably
cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to
applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

26

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general
corporate expenses and other strategic initiatives approved by the Board of Directors, and prior to the Closing Date, shall provide the
Purchasers with details of the costs required to fund operations for the next twelve (12) months from the Closing Date.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such
Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by
the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any
capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser
Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material
breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or
understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or
willful misconduct), or (c) in connection with any registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of
the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser
Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such
untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by
such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable, actual and documented fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this
Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills
are received or are incurred; provided however, that if it is subsequently determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction that such Purchaser Party was not entitled to receive such periodic payments, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
(but in no event later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall
be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company
may be subject to pursuant to law.

27

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the Closing Date, the Company shall reserve, and the Company shall continue to reserve and
keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the
Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation
of the shares of Common Stock on each Trading Market on which each is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets and promptly secure the listing
of all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets except in the case of a sale of all of substantially all of
the assets of the Company, a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the
surviving entity or any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates)
acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include
in such application all of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will
then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply
in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market.
The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. No later than one (1) Trading
Day following the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (or, in the event the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders
is adjourned, by no later than April 28, 2025), the Company shall file with the Commission (i) a Preliminary Information Statement on
Schedule 14C and (ii) a Current Report on Form 8-K to confirm compliance with Nasdaqs stockholders equity requirements.
Unless the Company receives comments from the Commission in connection with the filing of the Preliminary Information Statement on Schedule
14C, no later than May 8, 2025, the Company shall file with the Commission, a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to address and resolve any comments received from
the Commission in connection with the filing of the Preliminary Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

4.11
Right of First Refusal.

(a)
From the Stockholder Approval Date until the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to compliance with Nasdaq
rules and regulations, upon any offer by the Company of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (the Offered Interests)
for consideration (a Subsequent Financing), the Purchasers shall have the right to participate in any such Subsequent
Financing in an amount equal to 100% of the amount of the Subsequent Financing (which amount shall be equal to 80% of the amount of a
Subsequent Financing which is a public offering (as such term is used in the rules and regulations of the Trading Market) including a
confidentially marketed public offering; or a transaction that includes an offering of securities registered under a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, including a registered direct offering with a concurrent private placement) on the same terms, conditions and
price provided for in the Subsequent Financing, provided, however, if multiple Purchasers elect to participate in the Subsequent
Financing, the Offered Interests shall be allocated among the Purchasers on a pro-rata basis based on the Purchasers respective
ownership percentages, unless otherwise agreed by the Purchasers. If Nasdaq shall object to such participation or shall require additional
stockholder approval of such Subsequent Financing due to the Purchasers participation in such Subsequent Financing then the Company
shall be entitled to engage in the Subsequent Financing with other investors. Provided, however, that , with respect to
a Subsequent Financing, other than overnight and intra-day deal financings, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to attempt to
cure any objection or deficiency identified by Nasdaq so that the Purchasers may be allowed to participate in the Subsequent Financing.
If the Company successfully cures such deficiency, then each Purchaser shall continue to have the right to participate in the Subsequent
Financing on a pro-rata basis, as set forth in this Section 4.11.

28

(b)
Not later than the tenth (10) Trading Day, prior to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing, the Company
shall deliver to the Purchasers a written notice of the Companys intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (a Subsequent
Financing Notice), which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount
of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to
be effected and shall include a term sheet and transaction documents relating thereto as an attachment, provided, however, that with
respect to a public offering or an overnight or intra-day deal financing the Company shall deliver terms of such financing immediately
upon receipt.

(c)
If a Purchaser desires to participate in such Subsequent Financing, the Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company by no later
than 6:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading Day that is five (5) Trading Days following the date on which the Subsequent Financing
Notice is delivered to the Purchaser (the Notice Termination Time) that the Purchaser is willing to participate
in the Subsequent Financing on a pro rata basis based on its Subscription Amount hereunder, the amount of the Purchasers
participation, and representing and warranting that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the
terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such Notice Termination
Time, the Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate in such Subsequent Financing,
provided, however, that the Purchasers must respond as to their desire to participate in a financing (x) for an overnight or intra-day
deal financing, within 1 hour of receipt of the terms of such financing and (y) for a public offering, within 24 hours of receipt of
the terms of such offering.

(d)
If, by the Notice Termination Time, the aggregate desired participation amount indicated by the Purchaser from whom the Company has received
responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice is less than the total proposed amount of the applicable Subsequent Financing, then the Company
shall effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing to the participating Purchasers.

(e)
The Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.11, if the definitive agreement related to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not entered into
for any reason on the material terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within five (5) Trading Days after the date of delivery
of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(f)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance and shall be subject in all respects
to compliance with the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

29

4.12
Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date hereof until four and one-half (4) months following the Closing Date, the Company
shall not issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents in connection with a financing transaction without the prior written consent of Purchasers which purchased at least
50.1% in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder.

4.13
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser
by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
Securities or otherwise.

4.14
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agent after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of
assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15
Reserved.

30

4.16
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under
Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers
at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence
of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.17
Resale Registration Statement. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and file with the Commission a
registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) (the Resale Registration
Statement) relating to the resale of the Securities by the holders of the Securities under the Securities Act on or before
the 45th calendar day following the date hereof (the Filing Date). The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable (the Effectiveness
Date) and keep such Registration Statement effective at all times for five (5) years or until all of the Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares are sold by the Purchasers, whichever is later. Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth above, if the Commission
informs the Company that any of the Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary
offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform the Purchaser thereof and use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file amendments to the Resale Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Securities
permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities
as a secondary offering. The Company shall pay all costs associated with the preparation, filing, printing and maintaining the effectiveness
of the Resale Registration Statement.

4.18
Board Composition. The Companys Board of Directors shall appoint Guoquan (Paul) Huang or another individual acceptable
to the Purchasers holding a 50.1% interest in the Securities as of the Closing Date (an Investor Designee), as soon
as practicable following the later of the Closing Date and the receipt by the Company of a satisfactory background check report regarding
such Investor Designee, to serve as a Class II director on the Board of Directors for a term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders.
Each Party acknowledges that during his/her service on the Board of Directors the Investor Designee shall be governed by all of the same
policies, processes, procedures, codes, rules, standards and guidelines applicable to members of the Board of Directors (collectively,
the Company Policies), and will be required to adhere to the Companys policies on confidentiality and communications
imposed on all members of the Board of Directors during their service on the Board of Directors.

4.19
Executive Officer. From and after the Closing Date, the Purchasers holding a 50.1% interest in the Securities at such time shall
have the right to appoint an executive officer to the Companys management team, which appointment shall be subject to approval
of the Companys Board of Directors, including the Investor Designee.

31

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated (a) by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and
without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties,
or (b) by the Company by written notice, in either case, the Closing has not been consummated on or before the tenth (10th)
Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to
sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. At the Closing the Company shall cause the Purchasers to be paid, on a pro rata basis based on
their respective Subscription Amounts hereunder, an aggregate of $150,000 from the gross proceeds of the sale of the Securities hereunder
to defray their expenses related to their investment in the Securities. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and
any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K.

32

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded
Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case
of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of
such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.9.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

33

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for
the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
(including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic
Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed
to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

34

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

35

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Motorsport
Games Inc. Address
for Notice:

5972
NE 4th Avenue

By: Miami,
FL 33137

Name: E-mail:

Title: 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Blank
Rome LLP

1271
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10020

Attention:
Leslie Marlow, Esq.

E-mail:
leslie.marlow@blankrome.com

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

36

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO MOTORSPORT GAMES SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: _______________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________________

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): _______

_________________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Pre-Funded
Warrants: _______________

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

37

Exhibit
A

Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>msgm-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>msgm-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>msgm-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-004587-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001821175 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001821175 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
Motorsport Games Inc. 
DE 
001-39868 
86-1791356 
5972 NE 4th Avenue 
Miami 
FL 
33137 
(305) 
507-8799 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
MSGM 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39868

Entity Registrant Name Motorsport
Games Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001821175

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1791356

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5972
NE 4th Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33137

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 507-8799

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol MSGM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://motorsportgames.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
msgm-20250410.xsd 
msgm-20250410_lab.xml 
msgm-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>