<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-034627.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-034627.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423161535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-034627
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenland Technologies Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001735041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38605
		FILM NUMBER:		25861682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MILLSTONE ROAD, BUILDING 400
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			EAST WINDSOR
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 888 827-4832

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 MILLSTONE ROAD, BUILDING 400
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			EAST WINDSOR
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Greenland Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180320
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239149-8k_green.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000173504100-000000000017350412025-04-182025-04-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 18, 2025

GREENLAND TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British Virgin Islands 001-38605 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

50 Millstone Road, Building 400 Suite 130

East Windsor, NJ, United States 08512

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number including area
code: 1 (888)827-4832

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary shares, no par value GTEC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On April 18, 2025, Mr. Jing
Jin, the chief financial officer of Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation, a business company
formed in the British Virgin Islands (the Company), resigned as the chief financial officer of the Company, effective
April 18, 2025. The resignation of Mr. Jin was due to personal reasons and was not a result of any disagreement with the Company on any
matter related to the operations, policies, or practices of the Company.

On April 17, 2025, the Companys
board of directors (the Board) appointed Ms. Chenyang Wang as the Companys acting chief financial officer, with
effect from April 18, 2025. Ms. Wang, age 37, served as a manager in the securities affairs department at a publicly
listed agriculture services company from May 2018 to February 2025. She served as an investment manager at Zhejiang Yangzhechen
Asset Management Co., Ltd. from October 2016 to April 2018. From October 2010 to April 2012, she worked as a research analyst at Zhejiang
Hanbo Investment Management Co., Ltd., where she was responsible for investment analysis-related work. Ms. Wang received a Bachelors
degree in Financial Engineering from South-Central Minzu University in 2011, a Masters degree in Finance from Nankai University
in 2018, and a Bachelors degree in Financial Management from Renmin University of China in 2021.

On April 22, 2025, the Company
and Ms. Wang entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which Ms. Wang will be compensated
at a rate of $25,080 per year. Ms. Wang will be eligible to participate in share incentive plans the Company maintains pursuant to the
terms thereof. The Employment Agreement contains customary termination, confidentiality, and indemnification provisions. The foregoing
summary of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On April 22, 2025, the Company
entered into an indemnification agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) with Ms. Wang. Under the Indemnification Agreement,
the Company agrees to indemnify Ms. Wang to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any of the Companys directors or officers.
The foregoing summary of the Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

There are no family relationships
between Ms. Wang and any director or executive officer of the Company. To the best knowledge of the Company, there is no understanding
or arrangement between Ms. Wang and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Wang was appointed as the acting chief financial officer of
the Company. To the best knowledge of the Company, neither Ms. Wang nor any of her immediate family members is a party to any transaction
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement dated April 22, 2025 by and between Chenyang Wang and the Company

10.2 Indemnification Agreement dated April 22, 2025 by and between Chenyang Wang and the Company

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation

Dated: April 23, 2025 By: /s/ Raymond
Z. Wang

Name: Raymond Z. Wang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023914901ex10-1_green.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 22, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN CHENYANG WANG AND THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into as of April 22, 2025, by and between Greenland Technologies
Holding Corporation, a company incorporated and existing under the laws of British Virgin Islands (the Company),
and Chenyang Wang, an individual (the Executive). The term Company as used herein with respect to all
obligations of the Executive hereunder shall be deemed to include the Company and all of its direct or indirect parent companies, subsidiaries,
affiliates, or subsidiaries or affiliates of its parent companies (collectively, the Group).

RECITALS

The
Company desires to employ the Executive and to assure itself of the services of the Executive during the term of Employment (as defined
below).

The
Executive desires to be employed by the Company during the term of Employment and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

The parties hereto agree
as follows:

1. POSITION

The Executive hereby accepts a
position of Acting CFO of the Company (the Employment).

2. TERM

Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the initial term of the Employment shall be one year, commencing on April 18, 2025 (the Effective
Date), unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Upon expiration of the one-year term, the Employment
shall be automatically extended for successive one-year terms unless either party gives the other party hereto a one-month prior written
notice to terminate the Employment prior to the expiration of such one-year term or unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.

3. PROBATION

There is no probationary period.

4. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The Executives
duties at the Company will include all jobs assigned by the Companys board of directors (the Board).

The Executive
shall devote all of his/her working time, attention and skills to the performance of his/her duties at the Company and shall faithfully
and diligently serve the Company in accordance with this Agreement, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
as may be amended from time to time (the Articles of Association), and the guidelines, policies and procedures of
the Company approved from time to time by the Board.

5. NO BREACH OF CONTRACT

The Executive shall use his/her best
efforts to perform his/her duties hereunder. The Executive shall not, without prior consent of the Board, become an employee of any
entity other than the Company and any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not be concerned or interested in any business
or entity that directly or indirectly competes with the Group (any such business or entity, a Competitor), provided
that nothing in this clause shall preclude the Executive from holding shares or other securities of any Competitor that is listed on any
securities exchange or recognized securities market anywhere, provided however, that the Executive shall notify the Company
in writing prior to his/her obtaining a proposed interest in such shares or securities in a timely manner and with such details and particulars
as the Company may reasonably require. The Company shall have the right to require the Executive to resign from any board or similar
body which he/she may then serve if the Board reasonably determines and notifies the Executive in writing that the Executives service
on such board or body interferes with the effective discharge of the Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company or that
any business related to such service is then in competition with any business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

The Executive hereby represents to
the Company that: (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executives
duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive
is a party or otherwise bound, except for agreements that are required to be entered into by and between the Executive and any member
of the Group pursuant to applicable law of the jurisdiction where the Executive is based, if any; (ii) the Executive has no information
(including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) relating to any other person or entity which would prevent,
or be violated by, the Executive entering into this Agreement or carrying out his/her duties hereunder; and (iii) the Executive is
not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this) with any other person or entity except for other
member(s) of the Group, as the case may be.

6. LOCATION

The Executive
will be based in RM 601, Building #12, Sunking Plaza, Gaojiao Road Hangzhou, Zhejiang Peoples Republic of China 31112, until both
parties hereto agree to change otherwise. The Executive acknowledges that he/she may be required to travel from time to time in the course
of performing his/her duties for the Company.

7. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

(a) Compensation. The Executives cash compensation (inclusive of any statutory social reserves that the Company may be required to set aside for the Executive under applicable law) shall be provided by the Company in a separate schedule A attached hereto (Schedule A) or as specified in a separate agreement between the Executive and the Companys designated subsidiary or affiliated entity, subject to annual review and adjustment by the Company or the compensation committee of the Board. The cash compensation may be paid by the Company, a subsidiary or affiliated entity or a combination thereof, as designated by the Company from time to time.

(b) Equity Incentives. To the extent the Company adopts and maintains a share incentive plan, the Executive will be eligible to participate in such plan pursuant to the terms thereof.

(c) Benefits. The Executive is eligible for participation in any standard employee benefit plan of the Company that currently exists or may be adopted by the Company in the future, including, but not limited to, any retirement plan, life insurance plan, health insurance plan and travel/holiday plan.

2

8. TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT

(a) By the Company. The Company may terminate the Employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration, if the Executive (1) commits any serious or persistent breach or non-observance of the terms and conditions of the Employment; (2) is convicted of a criminal offence other than one which, in the opinion of the Board, does not affect the Executives position as an employee of the Company, bearing in mind the nature of the Executives duties and the capacity in which the Executive is employed; (3) willfully disobeys a lawful and reasonable order; (4) misconducts himself/herself and such conduct is inconsistent with the due and faithful discharge of the Executives material duties hereunder; (5) is guilty of fraud or dishonesty; or (6) is habitually neglectful in his/her duties. The Company may terminate the Employment without cause at any time with a one-month prior written notice to the Executive or by payment of one months salary in lieu of notice.

(b) By the Executive. The Executive may terminate the Employment at any time with a one-month prior written notice to the Company. In addition, the Executive may resign prior to the expiration of the Agreement if such resignation or an alternative arrangement with respect to the Employment is approved by the Board.

(c) Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executives Employment under this Agreement shall be communicated by written notice of termination from the terminating party to the other party in accordance with the provisions of Section 20 hereof. The notice of termination shall indicate the specific provision(s) of this Agreement relied upon in effecting the termination.

9. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE

(a) Confidentiality and Non-disclosure. The Executive hereby agrees at all times during the term of his/her Employment and after termination of the Executives Employment under this Agreement, to hold in the strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Group, or to disclose to any person, corporation or other entity without written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information. The Executive understands that Confidential Information means any proprietary or confidential information of the Group, its affiliates, their clients, customers or partners, and the Groups licensors, including, without limitation, technical data, trade secrets, research and development information, product plans, services, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Group on whom the Executive called or with whom the Executive became acquainted during the term of his/her Employment), supplier lists and suppliers, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, personnel information, marketing, finances, information about the suppliers, joint ventures, licensors, licensees, distributors, and other persons with whom the Group does business, information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of the Group or other business information disclosed to the Executive by or obtained by the Executive from the Group, its affiliates, or their clients, customers, or partners, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or observation of parts or equipment, if specifically indicated to be confidential or reasonably expected to be confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available and known to the public through no fault of the Executive.

(b) Company Property. The Executive understands that all documents (including computer records, facsimile and e-mail) and materials created, received or transmitted in connection with his/her work or using the facilities of the Group are property of the Group and subject to inspection by the Group, at any time. Upon termination of the Executives Employment with the Company (or at any other time when requested by the Company), the Executive will promptly deliver to the Company all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to his/her work with the Company and will provide prompt written certification of his compliance with this Agreement. Under no circumstances will the Executive have, following his/her termination, in his/her possession any property of the Group, or any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Confidential Information.

(c) Former Employer Information. The Executive agrees that he/she has not and will not, during the term of his/her employment, (i) improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which the Executive has an agreement or duty to keep in confidence, or (ii) bring into any premises of the Group any document or confidential or proprietary information belonging to such former employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such former employer, person or entity. The Executive will indemnify the Group and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with any violation of the foregoing.

3

(d) Third Party Information. The Executive recognizes that the Group may have received, and in the future may receive, from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Groups part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. The Executive agrees that the Executive owes the Group and such third parties, during the Executives Employment by the Company and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person or firm and to use it in a manner consistent with, and for the limited purposes permitted by, the Groups agreement with such third party.

This Section 9
shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 9, the Company
shall have right to seek remedies permissible under applicable law.

10. WITHHOLDING TAXES

Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise
due or payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such national, provincial, local or any other income, employment, or other taxes as
may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

11. NOTIFICATION OF NEW EMPLOYER

In the event
that the Executive leaves the employ of the Company, the Executive hereby grants consent to notification by the Company to his/her new
employer about his/her rights and obligations under this Agreement.

12. ASSIGNMENT

This Agreement
is personal in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement
or any rights or obligations hereunder; provided, however, that (i) the Company may assign or transfer this Agreement
or any rights or obligations hereunder to any member of the Group without such consent, and (ii) in the event of a merger, consolidation,
or transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement
shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge
and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder.

13. SEVERABILITY

If any provision
of this Agreement or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this
Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are
declared to be severable.

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Executive and the Company regarding the terms of the Employment and supersedes
all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter, other than any such agreement under any employment
agreement entered into with a subsidiary of the Company at the request of the Company to the extent such agreement does not conflict with
any of the provisions herein. The Executive acknowledges that he/she has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any
representation, warranty or undertaking which is not set forth in this Agreement. Any amendment to this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be signed by the Executive and the Company.

4

15. REPRESENTATIONS

The Executive
hereby agrees to execute any proper oath or verify any proper document required to carry out the terms of this Agreement. The Executive
hereby represents that the Executives performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence
proprietary information acquired by the Executive in confidence or in trust prior to his/her Employment by the Company. The Executive
has not entered into, and hereby agrees that he/she will not enter into, any oral or written agreement in conflict with this Section 15.
The Executive represents that the Executive will consult his/her own consultants for tax advice and is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice with respect to this Agreement or any provisions hereunder.

16. GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

17. ARBITRATION

Any dispute
or controversy arising out of, or in connection with, or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration pursuant to
this Section 17. The arbitration shall be conducted before a panel of three arbitrators in New York, New York, in accordance with the
rules of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time of the arbitration. The award
of the arbitration tribunal shall be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and any party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction
for enforcement of such award. Each party to this agreement agrees that it will not challenge the jurisdiction or venue provisions as
provided in this Section 17.

18. AMENDMENT

This Agreement
may not be amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to
this Agreement, which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto.

19. WAIVER

Neither the
failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise
of the same or of any right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to
any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver
shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

5

20. NOTICES

All notices,
requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given and made if (i) sent by facsimile or email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated
and kept on file by the sending party), (ii) delivered by hand, (iii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefor, or (iv) sent
by a recognized courier with next-day or second-day delivery to the last known address of the other party.

21. COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears
thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more
counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic
copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose.

22. NO INTERPRETATION AGAINST DRAFTER

Each party
recognizes that this Agreement is a legally binding contract and acknowledges that such party has had the opportunity to consult with
legal counsel of choice. In any construction of the terms of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party
on the basis of that party being the drafter of such terms. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that he/she has read and understands
this Agreement, is entering into it freely and voluntarily, and has been advised to seek counsel prior to entering into this Agreement
and has had ample opportunity to do so.

[Remainder of this
page has been intentionally left blank.]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been executed as of the date first written above.

Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation 

By: /s/ Raymond Wang 

Name: Raymond
Wang 

Title: CEO 

Executive 

Signature: /s/ Chenyang Wang 

Name: Chenyang Wang 

[Signature Page to
Employment Agreement]

Schedule A

The Executives annual compensation is USD 25,080.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023914901ex10-2_green.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 22, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN CHENYANG WANG AND THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement
(this Agreement) is entered into as of April 22, 2025 by and between Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation,
a British Virgin Islands company (the Company), and the undersigned, a director and/or an officer of the Company
(Indemnitee), as applicable.

RECITALS

The board of directors of
the Company (the Board of Directors) has determined that the inability to attract and retain highly competent persons
to serve the Company is detrimental to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and that it is reasonable and necessary
for the Company to provide adequate protection to such persons against risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their services
to the Company.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the premises
and the covenants contained herein and subject to the Companys memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time
to time, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

A. DEFINITIONS

The following terms shall have the meanings defined
below:

Expenses shall
include, without limitation, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements and costs, attorneys fees and disbursements and
costs of attachment or similar bond, investigations, and any other expenses paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending,
being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding.

Indemnifiable Event
means any event or occurrence that takes place after the execution of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a
director or an officer of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director or officer of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity, or related to anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity; provided, however,
that an Indemnifiable Event shall not include any event or occurrence that arises as a result of the Indemnitees neglect, fraud,
reckless or willful misconduct, breach of duty, error, misstatement, misleading statement or omission.

Participant
means a person who is a party to, or witness or participant (including on appeal) in, a Proceeding.

Proceeding means
any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, arbitration or proceeding, or any inquiry, hearing or investigation, whether civil,
criminal, administrative, investigative or other, including appeal, in which Indemnitee may be or may have been involved as a party or
otherwise by reason of an Indemnifiable Event.

B. AGREEMENT TO INDEMNIFY

1. General Agreement.
In the event Indemnitee was, is, or becomes a Participant in, or is threatened to be made a Participant in, a Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify the Indemnitee from and against any and all Expenses which Indemnitee incurs or becomes obligated to incur in connection
with such Proceeding, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

2. Indemnification of Expenses
of Successful Party. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the
merits in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee
against all Expenses incurred in connection with such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, as the case may be.

3. Partial Indemnification.
If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of Expenses, but not for
the total amount of Expenses, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

4. No Employment Rights.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create in Indemnitee any right to continued employment with the Company.

5. Contribution. If
the indemnification provided in this Agreement is unavailable and may not be paid to Indemnitee for any reason other than those set forth
in Section B.3, then the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid
or payable by Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one
hand and by the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault
of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events which resulted in such Expenses,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the
other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts. The Company
agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section B.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or
any other method of allocation which does not take account of the foregoing equitable considerations.

C. INDEMNIFICATION PROCESS

1. Notice and Cooperation
by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall, as a condition precedent to his/her right to be indemnified under this Agreement, give the Company
notice in writing as soon as practicable of any claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under
this Agreement, provided that the delay of Indemnitee to give notice hereunder shall not prejudice any of Indemnitees rights hereunder,
unless such delay results in the Companys forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses. Notice to the Company shall be given in
accordance with Section F.7 below. If, at the time of receipt of such notice, the Company has directors and officers liability
insurance policies in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice to its insurers of the Proceeding relating to the notice. The Company
shall thereafter take all necessary and desirable actions to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all Expenses payable
as a result of such Proceeding. In addition, Indemnitee shall give the Company such information and cooperation as the Company may reasonably
request.

2. Indemnification Payment.

(a) Advancement
of Expenses. Indemnitee may submit a written request with reasonable particulars to the Company requesting that the Company advance
to Indemnitee all Expenses that may be reasonably incurred in advance by Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding. The Company shall,
within 10 business days of receiving such a written request by Indemnitee, advance all requested Expenses to Indemnitee. Any excess of
the advanced Expenses over the actual Expenses will be repaid to the Company.

(b) Reimbursement
of Expenses. To the extent Indemnitee has not requested any advanced payment of Expenses from the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled
to receive reimbursement for the Expenses incurred in connection with a Proceeding from the Company immediately after Indemnitee makes
a written request to the Company for reimbursement unless the Company refers the indemnification request to the Reviewing Party in compliance
with Section C.2(c) below.

(c) Determination
by the Reviewing Party. If the Company reasonably believes that it is not obligated under this Agreement to indemnify the Indemnitee,
the Company shall, within 10 days after the Indemnitees written request for an advancement or reimbursement of Expenses, notify
the Indemnitee that the request for advancement of Expenses or reimbursement of Expenses will be submitted to the Reviewing Party (as
hereinafter defined). The Reviewing Party shall make a determination on the request within 30 days after the Indemnitees written
request for an advancement or reimbursement of Expenses. Notwithstanding anything foregoing to the contrary, in the event the Reviewing
Party informs the Company that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification in connection with a Proceeding under this Agreement or applicable
law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee for all the Expenses previously advanced or otherwise paid to Indemnitee
in connection with such Proceeding; provided, however, that Indemnitee may bring a suit to enforce his/her indemnification
right in accordance with Section C.3 below.

2

3. Suit to Enforce Rights.
Regardless of any action by the Reviewing Party, if Indemnitee has not received full indemnification within 30 days after making a written
demand in accordance with Section C.2 above or 50 days if the Company submits a request for advancement or reimbursement to the Reviewing
Party under Section C.2(c) above, Indemnitee shall have the right to enforce its indemnification rights under this Agreement by commencing
litigation in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination by the court or challenging any determination by the Reviewing
Party or any aspect of this Agreement. Any determination by the Reviewing Party not challenged by Indemnitee and any judgment entered
by the court shall be binding on the Company and Indemnitee.

4. Assumption of Defense.
In the event the Company is obligated under this Agreement to advance or bear any Expenses for any Proceeding against Indemnitee, the
Company shall be entitled to assume the defense of such Proceeding, with counsel approved by Indemnitee, upon delivery to Indemnitee of
written notice of its election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of such
counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently incurred
by Indemnitee with respect to the same Proceeding, unless (i) the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been previously authorized by
the Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded, based on written advice of counsel, that there may be a conflict of interest
of such counsel retained by the Company between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense, or (iii) the Company ceases
or terminates the employment of such counsel with respect to the defense of such Proceeding, in any of which events the fees and expenses
of Indemnitees counsel shall be at the expense of the Company. At all times, Indemnitee shall have the right to employ counsel
in any Proceeding at Indemnitees expense.

5. Defense to Indemnification,
Burden of Proof and Presumptions. It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this Agreement
that it is not permissible under this Agreement or applicable law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for the amount claimed.
In connection with any such action or any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be
indemnified under this Agreement, the burden of proving such a defense or determination shall be on the Company.

6. No Settlement without
Consent. Neither party to this Agreement shall settle any Proceeding in any manner that would impose any damage, loss, penalty or
limitation on Indemnitee without the other partys written consent. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold
its consent to any proposed settlement.

7. Company Participation.
Subject to Section B.5, the Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial action
if the Company was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense, conduct and/or settlement
of such action.

8. Reviewing Party.

(a) For purposes
of this Agreement, the Reviewing Party with respect to each indemnification request of Indemnitee that is referred by the Company pursuant
to Section C.2(c) above shall be (A) the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter
defined), or (B) if a quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable,
said Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be
delivered to Indemnitee. If the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall
be made within 10 days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel or member of the Board of Directors shall
act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination under this Agreement of the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification.
Any reasonable costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

3

(b) If the determination
of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this
Section C.8(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by
the Board of Directors, in which event the proceeding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising
it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within
10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section C.8(d) of this Agreement,
and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected
and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which
shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Company shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting under this Agreement,
and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section C.8(b), regardless of the manner
in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(c) In making
a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the Reviewing Party shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with this Agreement, and
the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment,
order, settlement (with or without court approval), conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not
(except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create
a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he/she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his/her
conduct was unlawful. For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees
action is based on the records or books of account of the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity
of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the written request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, including
financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers and directors of the Company or such other corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company or such other
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity or on information or records given or reports made to the Company or such other
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert
selected with reasonable care by the Company or such other corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity. In addition, the knowledge
and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or such other corporation, partnership,
joint venture or other entity shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.
The provisions of this Section C.8(c) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the
Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(d) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify
such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement
pursuant hereto.

4

D. DIRECTOR AND OFFICER LIABILITY INSURANCE

1. Good Faith Determination.
The Company shall from time to time make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for the Company to obtain and maintain
a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the officers and directors of the Company with coverage
for losses incurred in connection with their services to the Company or to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement.

2. Coverage of Indemnitee.
To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers liability insurance,
Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available
for any of the Companys directors or officers.

3. No Obligation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain any director and officer insurance policy if the Company determines
in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available in the case that (i) premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate
to the amount of coverage provided, or (ii) the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient
benefit.

E. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; U.S. FEDERAL PREEMPTION; TERM

1. Non-Exclusivity.
The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the
Companys current memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time, applicable law or any written agreement
between Indemnitee and the Company (including its subsidiaries and affiliates). The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall
continue to be available to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity even though he/she may
have ceased to serve in any such capacity at the time of any Proceeding. In the event of any inconsistencies between the terms as set
forth in this Agreement and the provisions in the Companys memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended from time
to time), the provisions in the Companys memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended from time to time) shall prevail.

2. U.S. Federal Preemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances, U.S. federal law or public policy
may override applicable law and prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Such
instances include, but are not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)s prohibition
on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain U.S. federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the
Company has undertaken or may be required in the future to undertake with the SEC to submit the question of indemnification to a court
in certain circumstances for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

3. Duration of Agreement.
All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an officer and/or a director
of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any Proceeding by reason
of his/her former or current capacity at the Company, whether or not he/she is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any
Expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in effect regardless
of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as an officer and/or a director of the Company or any other enterprise at the Companys
request.

5

F. MISCELLANEOUS

1. Amendment of this Agreement.
No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions (whether or not similar), nor shall such
waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising
any right or remedy shall constitute a waiver.

2. Subrogation. In
the event of payment to Indemnitee by the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment
to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to
secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

3. Assignment; Binding
Effect. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either party hereto without the prior
written consent of the other party; except that the Company may, without such consent, assign all such rights and obligations to a successor
in interest to the Company which assumes all obligations of the Company under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the parties hereto and the Companys successors
(including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business
and/or assets of the Company) and assigns, as well as Indemnitees spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives.

4. Severability and Construction.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to require or shall be construed as requiring the Company to do or fail to do any act in violation
of applicable law. The Companys inability, pursuant to a court order, to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not
constitute a breach of this Agreement. In addition, if any portion of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law. The parties hereto acknowledge that they each have opportunities to have their respective counsels review this Agreement.
Accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of both of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor
of or against either of the parties hereto.

5. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, both of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.

6. Governing Law. This
agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed
and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

7. Notices. All notices,
demands, and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed via postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
and addressed to the Company at 50 Millstone Road Bldg 400 Suite 130 East Windsor, NJ 08512, attention: Raymond Wang, and to Indemnitee
at his/her address last known to the Company.

8. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation 

By: /s/ Raymond Wang 

Name: Raymond Wang 

Title: CEO 

Indemnitee 

Signature: /s/ Chenyang Wang 

Name: Chenyang Wang 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gtec-20250418.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gtec-20250418_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gtec-20250418_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38605

Entity Registrant Name GREENLAND TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001735041

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 50 Millstone Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 400 Suite 130

Entity Address, City or Town East Windsor

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Country US

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08512

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 827-4832

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary shares, no par value

Trading Symbol GTEC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir.gtec-tech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0239149-8k_green.htm 
gtec-20250418.xsd 
gtec-20250418_lab.xml 
gtec-20250418_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-034627-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0239149-8k_green_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001735041 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001735041 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-04-18 
GREENLAND TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING CORPORATION 
D8 
001-38605 
50 Millstone Road 
Building 400 Suite 130 
East Windsor 
NJ 
US 
08512 
(888) 
827-4832 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary shares, no par value 
GTEC 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>