<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009641.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009641.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310083534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009641
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Shareholder Nominations Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-11
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Flux Power Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				860931332
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31543
		FILM NUMBER:		25722291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 S. MELROSE DRIVE
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-505-3589

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 S. MELROSE DRIVE
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lone Pine Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Australian Forest Industries
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070508

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULTI TECH INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000108374300010837432025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-31543 92-3550089

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

2685
S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

877-505-3589

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value FLUX Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information contained in Item 5.02 is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.01.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers

On
March 10 2025, Mr. Ronald F. Dutt notified the board of directors (the Board) of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
of his decision to retire and resign from his position as director, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Flux Power, Inc. (Flux Power), effective March 10, 2025 (the Resignation
Date). Mr. Dutts stepping down is for personal reasons and not due to any disagreement with the Companys management
team or the Companys Board on any matter relating to the operations, policies or practices of the Company or any issues regarding
the Companys accounting policies or practices.

In
connection with Mr. Dutts retirement, the Board appointed Mr. Dale T. Robinette as the new Chairman of the Board, effective March
10, 2025. Mr. Robinette currently serves as an independent director, lead independent director, chairperson of the Compensation Committee,
and a member of both the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance committee. In addition, the Board appointed Mr. Krishna Vanka
as the director, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and Flux Power, effective March 10, 2025.

Mr.
Vankas Business Experience

Krishna
Vanka, age 42. Mr. Vanka has over 18 years of experience in building, scaling, managing and transforming technology companies
in sectors including renewable energy, electric vehicle charging, and others. Mr. Vanka has served as SVP & Chief Digital Officer
(CEO of Digital Division) at Fluence Energy, Inc. (Nasdaq: FLNC), from August 2022 to January 2024. In this role, he was responsible
for the companys strategic growth, profitability, and operational execution, achieving a 300% increase in Annual Recurring Revenue
(ARR) and overseeing a fivefold expansion in Assets Under Management (AUM). He played a key role in integrating product lines of two
cloud-based software offerings, Mosaic and Nispera, into a unified platform, driving innovation in Fluences software offerings,
including Battery Management Systems (BMS), IoT devices, and Core OS. Mosaic was recognized for its state-of-the-art machine learning
algorithms and AI-driven capabilities, winning Time magazines 2022 Best Innovations award in the software category. Prior to joining
FLNC, Mr. Vanka was a founding team member and Chief Product Officer at InCharge Energy from November 2020 to August 2022, where he led
product development and technology strategy for EV fleet charging solutions. From April 2018 to November 2020, he was the founder and
Chief Executive Officer of MyShoperoo Inc, an enterprise-focused on-demand shopping platform that optimized last-mile delivery efficiency
through intelligent aggregation algorithms. Mr. Vanka holds a Bachelor of Applied Science in Computer Engineering from the University
of Ottawa and an MBA from Georgia State University. He has also completed executive leadership programs at UC Berkeley, including coursework
in Artificial Intelligence for Business Strategies.

Employment
Agreement with Mr. Vanka

On
March 10, 2025, the Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Vanka, pursuant to which he will serve as the Chief
Executive Officer and President of the Company (the Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement,
Mr. Vanka will receive an annual base salary of $400,000, subject to annual performance reviews by the Board or Compensation Committee.
As an initial incentive for achieving key financial milestones, Mr. Vanka will be awarded a cash bonus of $100,000 if the Companys
average EBITDA is net positive over the next nine months (end of the calendar year). Beginning fiscal year 2026, Mr. Vanka will have
the ability to achieve a cash bonus of up to 150% of base salary based on budget performance goals as determined by the Board or the
Compensation Committee. Beginning fiscal year 2026, Mr. Vanka will be granted time-based restricted stock units (Time RSUs)
equivalent to 50% of his base salary, vesting in three (3) equal annual installments over three (3) years. He will also be eligible for
performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs), with a target of 50% of his base salary and a maximum of 150%, based on
budget performance goals. Any earned PSUs will cliff-vest on the third (3rd) anniversary of the grant date.

Additionally,
the Employment Agreement provides that, Mr. Vanka may be terminated at any time by the Company with or without cause. If Mr. Vanka is
terminated without cause or upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he will receive: (a) twelve (12) months
of base salary paid in a lump sum; and (b) twelve (12) months of continued life, medical, and dental insurance coverage, with the Company
covering the cost subject to the same employee contribution as active employees. Additionally, in the event of a Change in Control termination,
Time RSUs and any PSUs, for which the performance criteria are satisfied, will be subject to double-trigger acceleration. Mr. Vanka is
subject to a non-compete obligation during the term of his employment and confidentiality obligations that extend beyond termination.
The Employment Agreement also includes other customary clauses and arrangements.

Except
as otherwise disclosed in this Current Report on Form 8-K, there are no arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant
to which Mr. Vanka was appointed as director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. There are also no family relationships between
Mr. Vanka and any of the Companys directors or executive officers. Except as disclosed in this Current Report on Form 8-K, Mr.
Vanka has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The
foregoing summary of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full terms of the agreements, which is
attached as Exhibits 10.1, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Amendment
to Employment Agreement and Separation and Release with Mr. Dutt

To
ensure a smooth transition, on March 10, 2025, the Company entered into an Amendment to Mr. Dutts Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement, dated February 17, 2021 (the Amendment to Dutt Employment Agreement, and together with the Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement, the Dutt Employment Agreement). Under this amendment, Mr. Dutt may provide services and answer questions
on an as-needed basis as a senior advisor and will be compensated based on his current monthly salary in the amount of $32,187.50
through March 2025, unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Mr. Dutt will report to the Chief Executive Officer or his
designee.

In
addition, the Company and Mr. Dutt also agreed to enter into separation and release agreement (Separation Agreement), which
includes the contemplated terms of the payments and benefits in exchange for the release and other agreements set forth therein (the
Severance Benefits) with Mr. Dutt, including: (a) a cash severance payment of $386,250.02, equivalent to twelve (12) months
of his base salary as of the Resignation Date to be paid pro ratably over twelve (12) months; and (b) a monthly cash payment for twelve
(12) months in an amount of $4,034.20 for health insurance coverage. Mr. Dutts Separation Agreement includes a customary general
release of claims in favor of the Company and certain related parties.

The
foregoing summaries of the Amendment to Dutt Employment Agreement and Separation Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full terms of the agreements, which are attached as Exhibits 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
5.08 Shareholder Director Nomination.

To
the extent applicable, the information in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.08.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Krishna Vanka as Chief Executive Officer, President
and Director of the Company, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
information included in this Current Report on Form 8-K under this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1 hereto) is being furnished
and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into a
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference
in such filing. The information included in this Current Report on Form 8-K under this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1 hereto) will
not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information required to be disclosed solely to satisfy the requirements of Regulation
FD.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
March 6, 2025, the Board of the Company established May 28, 2025 as the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the 2025 Annual Meeting) which will be held virtually online by means of remote communication. The record date for the
2025 Annual Meeting is April 8, 2025. Stockholders owning the Companys common stock at the close of business on the record date,
or their legal proxy holders, are entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company however reserves the right to change the record
date or the meeting date.

Because
the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting is being advanced by more than 30 days from the anniversary date of the Companys 2024 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (2024 Annual Meeting), the deadline for stockholders nominations or proposals for consideration
at the 2025 Annual Meeting set forth in the Companys 2024 Proxy Statement no longer applies. As such, the Company is filing this
Current Report on Form 8-K to inform stockholders of this change and to provide the due date for the submission of any qualified stockholder
proposals or qualified stockholder director nominations.

Stockholders
of the Company who wish to have a proposal considered for inclusion in the Companys proxy materials for the 2025 Annual Meeting
pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act must ensure that such proposal is delivered to or mailed to and received by the Companys
Secretary at Flux Power Holdings, Inc., 2685 S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081 not later than the close of business on March
25, 2025, which the Company has determined to be a reasonable time before it expects to begin to print and distribute its proxy materials.
Such proposals must comply with all applicable procedures and requirements of Rule 14a-8.

Any
stockholder who intends to submit a director nomination or who intends to submit a proposal regarding any other matter of business at
the 2025 Annual Meeting other than in accordance with Rule 14a-8 or otherwise must similarly make sure that such nomination or proposal
and related notice, including any notice on Schedule 14N, comply with all applicable SEC rules, Nevada corporate and the Companys
Amended and Restated Bylaws, and are delivered to, or mailed and received at, the Companys principal executive offices on or before
the close of business on March 25, 2025. Any director nominations and stockholder proposals received after the March 25, 2025 deadline
will be considered untimely and will not be considered for inclusion in the proxy material for the 2025 Annual Meeting nor will it be
considered at the 2025 Annual Meeting.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Exhibit
Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement with Krishna Vanka

10.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ronald F. Dutt

10.3 Separation and Release Agreement with Ronald F. Dutt

99.1 Press Release dated March 10, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Flux
Power Holdings, Inc.

a
Nevada corporation

By: /s/
Kevin Royal

Kevin
Royal, Chief Financial Officer

Dated:
March 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 10, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Flux Power Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation with its principal place of business at 2685 S. MELROSE
DRIVE, VISTA CA 92081 (the Company), and Krishna Vanka, an individual residing in the state of California (Employee).
Employee and the Company also referred to herein each as a party and collectively as parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Company desires to engage the services of the Employee and Employee desires to provide such services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the Company and Employee desire to formally memorialize and set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Employee is employed
by the Company;

WHEREAS,
the Company recognizes that Employee has gained extensive knowledge and experience in Employees career, and that such knowledge
and experience have significant value to the Company; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and Employee desire that Employee provide such knowledge and experience to the Company subject to the provisions set forth
herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section
1. Definitions.

(a)
Accrued Obligations shall mean: (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination of Employees
employment, (ii) all accrued but unused PTO through the date of termination of Employees employment, and (iii) any unpaid or unreimbursed
expenses incurred in accordance with Section 6 below.

(b)
Base Salary shall mean the salary provided for in Section 3(a) below or any increased or decreased salary pursuant
to Section 3(a), exclusive of any other compensation received by Employee regardless of form.

(c)
Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(d)
Cause shall mean: (i) Employees willful and material failure to provide the Services required by this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, Employees bad faith failure to obey any lawful directive of the Companys Board, (ii) a breach
of the Employees duty of loyalty to the Company, (iii) a breach of Employees fiduciary duties to the Company (iii) Employees
personal dishonesty or willful misconduct in the performance of his duties to the Company, (iv) Employees conviction of, or plea
of guilty or no contest to, a felony involving moral turpitude that materially and demonstrably injures the Company, and/or (v) Employees
material breach of this Agreement after receiving written notice from the Company and failing to cure such breach within a reasonable
period (not less than 30 days). Except as set forth above, any determination of Cause shall be reasonably determined by
the Board in good faith.

1

(e)
Compensation Committee shall mean the Companys Compensation Committee of the Board.

(f)
Change in Control shall mean an event involving one transaction or a related series of transactions, in which:
(i) the Company issues securities equal to 50% or more of the Companys issued and outstanding voting securities, determined
as a single class, to any individual, firm, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, including a group
within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 13d-3, (ii) the Company issues voting securities equal to 50% or more of the issued and
outstanding voting stock of the Company in connection with a merger, consolidation other business combination, (iii) the Company is
acquired in a merger, consolidation, combination or reorganization in which the Company is not the surviving company, or (iv) all or
substantially all of the Companys assets are sold or transferred. For the purpose of Change in Control
definition, the term Company will be interpreted to include the Flux Power, Inc., a California corporation, if
applicable.

(g)
Change in Control Termination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

(h)
Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(i)
Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(j)
Competitive Activities shall mean any business activities involving, or related to: (i) the design, develop, manufacture,
supply, sale, distribution and support of lithium-ion battery and related products, and/or (ii) any other products or services which
the Company or its subsidiaries design, develop, manufacture, supply, sell, distribute or provide (or have committed plans to develop,
design, supply, manufacture, sell, distribute or provide) during the term of Employees employment by the Company.

(k)
Confidential Information shall mean all confidential information, proprietary information, and/or Trade Secret Information
belonging to the Company including, but not limited to, customer lists, customer identities and information, information regarding service
providers, manufacturing processes, product designs or other intellectual property, marketing data or plans, sales data or plans, management
organization information, operating policies or manuals, business plans, operations or techniques, financial records or data, or other
financial, commercial, business or technical information: (i) of or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii) that
the Company or any of its subsidiaries may receive belonging to suppliers, customers or other Persons who do business with the Company
or its subsidiaries. However, Confidential Information shall not include any information that is in the public domain or hereafter enters
the public domain, in each case, without the breach by Employee of Employees obligations under this Agreement.

2

(l)
Developments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

(m)
Disability shall mean the Employees inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform the essential
functions of the Employees job, with or without reasonable accommodation, for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred
sixty-five (365) day period. Any question as to the existence of the Employees Disability as to which the Employee and the Company
cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Employee and the Company.
The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Employee shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this
Agreement.

(n)
Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

(o)
Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(p)
Parachute Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b).

(q)
Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association,
joint-stock company, trust (charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization or other form of business entity.

(r)
Release Expiration Date shall mean the date which is twenty-one (21) days following Employees termination
of employment, or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment
termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date which is forty-five
(45) days following Employees termination of employment.

(s)
Release shall mean a written release agreement signed by Employee in favor of the Company, its subsidiaries, its
affiliates, and any other Persons required by the Company, which shall be in a form and which shall contain content acceptable to the
Company, and which shall include, in addition to any other terms required by the Company, appropriate non-disparagement provisions, appropriate
confidentiality provisions, and a general release pursuant to California Civil Code 1542.

(t)
Services shall mean such duties as are customarily performed by one holding such the position of CEO and President
in other businesses or enterprises of the same or similar nature, as well as such other duties and responsibilities as the Companys
CEO, President, and/or the Board shall reasonably assign to Employee from time to time, including duties and responsibilities relating
to the Companys wholly-owned and partially owned subsidiaries and other affiliates.

(u)
Term of Employment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) below.

(v)
Trade Secret Information shall mean means information belonging to the Company, including formulas, patterns, compilations,
programs, devices, methods, techniques, or processes, that derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally
known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and that is the subject of reasonable
efforts by the Company to keep secret.

3

Section
2. Employment by Company.

(a) Term
of Employment; Employment Status; At-Will Employment. Employee shall provide the Services pursuant to this Agreement from the
Effective Date until the termination of Employees employment for any reason (such period, the Term of
Employment). Employee shall be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the Company or
Employee may terminate Employees employment at any time, with or without Cause or advanced notice. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, or anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement: (i) confers upon Employee the right to continue in the
employment of the Company or to the right to hold any particular office or position with the Company, (ii) except as set forth
herein, entitles Employee to receive any specified annual salary or bonus or other compensation or (iii) interferes with or
restricts in any way the right of the Company to terminate Employees employment at any time, with or without
Cause.

(b) Position.
Company agrees to hire Employee in the position of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President of the Company. As the
Companys CEO and President, Employee shall report to the Board. The Employee further agrees to serve without additional
compensation as an officer and director of any of the Companys subsidiaries and agrees that any amounts received from such
corporation may be offset against the amounts due hereunder. In addition, it is agreed that the Company may assign the Employee to
one of its subsidiaries for payroll purposes, but such assignment shall not relieve the Company of its obligations
hereunder.

(c) Employment
Duties; Conflicting Activities. Employee shall devote Employees full business time, attention, skill, and best efforts to
the performance of Employees duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the
Term of Employment, including, without limitation, any activity that: (i) conflicts with the interests of the Company or its
subsidiaries, (ii) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of Employees duties for the Company, or (iii)
interferes with the exercise of Employees duty to act in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall preclude Employee from: (a) serving, with the prior written consent of the Board, as a member of the board of
directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of non-competing businesses and charitable
organizations, (b) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (c) managing Employees personal investments
and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (a), (b) and (c) shall be limited by Employee
so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Employees duties and
responsibilities hereunder.

(d) Place
of Employment. Except as authorized by the Company, Employee shall be required to provide the Services in-person at the
Companys headquarters in Vista, California (or such other location as may be designated as the Companys corporate
headquarters by the Board in its sole and exclusive discretion), although Employee understands and agrees that Employee will be
required to travel from time to time for business reasons.

4

Section
3. Compensation. As consideration for the Services, the representations and warranties contained herein, and performing
the Employees other obligations under this Agreement:

(a) Base
Salary. The Company shall initially pay the Employee an annualized Base Salary of $400,000. On or before July 2026, and annually
thereafter, the Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Board or the Compensation Committee to assess performance and potential
merit-based increases. Any such increases shall be determined in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee
and will be paid in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company.

(b) Annual
Bonus and Equity Compensation.

(i) Employee
shall be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus and/or awards of restricted stock units or other equity-based incentive upon
any terms that may be established by the Board or the Compensation Committee in their sole and exclusive discretion.

(ii) As
an initial incentive for achieving key financial milestones, you will be awarded a cash bonus of $100,000 if the Companys average
EBITDA in net positive over the next nine months (end of the calendar year), indicating sustained profitability.

(iii) Beginning
fiscal year 2026 (which begins July 2025), and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Employee will have the ability to achieve a cash bonus
of up to 150% of Base Salary based on budget performance goals as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee.

(iv) Beginning
fiscal year 2026 (which begins July 2025), and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Employee will be granted a time-based restricted stock
units under an approved equity incentive plan equal to 50% of the Employees Base Salary (Time RSUs). The Time RSUs
will vest in three (3) equal annual installments until fully vested on the three-year anniversary of the applicable grant date, and be
subject to double-trigger acceleration upon a change of control. The number of shares subject to the applicable Time RSUs will be determined
by dividing 50% of the Employees then effective Base Salary by the closing price of the Companys common stock on The NASDAQ
Capital Market (or any national securities exchange or OTC market on which the Companys common stock then trades) on the day of
the grant.

(v) Beginning
fiscal year 2026 (which begins July 2025), and in each fiscal year thereafter, Employee will be granted a performance based restricted
stock units (PSUs) under an approved equity incentive plan equal to a target of 50% of the Employees Base Salary
which will be eligible to vest based on budget performance goals as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, including
an opportunity to earn PSUs at a maximum level of up to 150% of the Employees Base Salary. Any PSUs for which the performance
criteria are satisfied will cliff-vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, and be subject to double-trigger acceleration upon
a change of control. The number of shares subject to the applicable PSUs will be determined by dividing 50% of the Employees then
effective Base Salary by the closing price of the Companys common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market (or any national securities
exchange or OTC market on which the Companys common stock then trades) on the day of the grant.

5

(c) Clawback
Provisions. Any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy (whether in existence as of the Effective Date or
later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to the Employee. The Company will
make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

Section
4. Employee Benefits. During the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to participate in health, insurance,
retirement, and other benefits provided to other senior executives of the Company, subject to any applicable terms and conditions.
Also, during the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to the same number of holidays, vacation days, sick days, and other
benefits as are generally allowed to senior executives of the Company, subject to any policies and practices of the Company
applicable thereto.

Section
5. Key-Man Insurance. At any time during the Term of Employment, the Company shall have the right to insure the life of
Employee for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and with such terms as it may determine. All premiums payable thereon
shall be the obligation of the Company. Employee shall have no interest in any such policy but agrees to cooperate with the Company
in taking out such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying all information required by each insurance company,
and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed on Employee by any such
documents.

Section
6. Reimbursement of Business Expenses. During the Term of Employment, Employee is authorized to incur reasonable business
expenses necessary for the performance of the Services, and the Company shall promptly reimburse Employee for all such expenses
following its receipt of any documentation required by the Companys policies.

Section
7. Termination of Employment.

(a) General.
Notwithstanding Section 2, or anything to the contrary herein, the Term of Employment shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of:
(i) Employees death, (ii) a termination of Employees employment by the Company with or without Cause, or (iii) a termination
by Employee. Upon any termination of Employees employment for any reason, unless otherwise requested by the Company in writing,
Employee shall immediately resign from any and all directorships, committee memberships, or any other positions Employee holds with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that the Employee did not automatically cease to hold as the result of Employees
termination.

(b) Termination
due to Death or Disability. Employees employment shall terminate automatically upon Employees death and the Company
may terminate Employees employment on account of the Employees Disability. In the event Employees employment is
terminated due to Employees death or Disability, Employees estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled
to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees employment by the reason of death or Disability, except as
set forth in this Section 7(b), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

6

(c) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time for Cause. In the event the Company terminates
Employees employment for Cause, Employee shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees
employment for Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(c), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other
benefits under this Agreement.

(d) Termination
by the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time without Cause. In the event Employees
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death) during the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled
to receive:

(i) The
Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b), within thirty (30) days (or forty-five (45) days in the event that such termination of
employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967)) after the date that Employee executes and delivers a Release to the Company, or, to
the extent required by Section 409A of Code, on the first day of the seventh month following such date, and subject to the Release under
Section 7(i), as a severance payment for services previously rendered to the Company, a lump sum equal to twelve (12) months of Base
Salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date Employees employment terminates).

Following
such termination of Employees employment without Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(d) and Section 7(h), Employee shall
have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(e) Change
in Control Termination. If (i) a Change in Control occurs during the Term of Employment, (ii) within twenty-four (24) months after
the effective date of such Change in Control, the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions; (X) failure by the Company to
comply with any provision of this Agreement, (Y) reduction of Employees Base Salary without the prior written consent of the Employee,
or (Z) a substantial and material diminution in Employees title, duties or responsibilities which the Employee currently maintains
without the prior written consent of the Employee, and (iii) within ninety (90) days thereafter Employee or the Company terminates Employees
employment (an employment termination that satisfies the foregoing conditions, a Change in Control Termination),
then Employee shall be entitled to receive:

(i) The
Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b), within thirty (30) days (or forty-five (45) days in the event that such termination of
employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967)) after the date that Employee executes and delivers a Release to the Company or, to
the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following such date, and subject to the Release
under Section 7(i), a lump sum equal to twelve (12) months of Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the date Employees employment
terminates (without regard to any decrease in the rate of Employees Base Salary made after such Change in Control).

7

Following
such termination of Employees employment, except as set forth in this Section 7(e) and Section 7(h) of this Agreement, Employee
shall have no further right to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(f) Termination
by Employee. Employee may terminate Employees employment with the Company at any time. In the event of a termination of employment
by Employee, other than a termination of employment by Employee that qualifies as a Change in Control Termination, Employee shall be
entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination by Employee, except as set forth in this Section 7(f), Employee
shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(g) Benefits.
Upon the occurrence of a termination of Employees employment pursuant to Sections 7(d) or (e), the Company shall also cause to
be continued, for a period of twelve (12) months, such life, medical and dental insurance coverage as is otherwise maintained by the
Company for full-time employees (based on the Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the date Employees employment terminates),
subject to the limitations set forth in such plans, programs or policies, provided that Employee shall continue to pay all amounts in
respect of such coverage that an employee receiving the same level of coverage is or would be required to pay (the employee contribution).

(h) Release.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of any amount or provision of any
benefit pursuant to Sections 7(d), (e), or (g) (other than the Accrued Obligations), Employee shall have executed, on or prior to the
Release Expiration Date, a Release, and that any waiting periods contained in such Release have expired. In the event that Employee fails
to execute a Release in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective related parties on or prior to
the Release Expiration Date, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Sections 7(d), (e), or (g) (other
than the Accrued Obligations).

(i) Exclusive
Rights. The severance benefits specified in Section 7 shall be in lieu of any severance pay or other severance benefit that the Company
may provide to terminated employees pursuant to policies of the Company that may at that time be in effect and (ii) shall not in any
way affect Employees entitlement to the receipt of a pro-rated cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee is otherwise eligible
to earn in the ordinary course, during the partial year prior to date of termination, pursuant to each plan or program (whether or not
such plan or program has been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that provides for cash bonuses
or other cash incentives (provided that the Company goals that trigger the obligation of the Company to pay any such cash bonus or other
cash incentives are satisfied).

8

Section
8. Work Product.

(a) Employee
agrees that all inventions, innovations, improvements, technical information, systems, software developments, methods, designs, analyses,
formulas, strategies, drawings, reports, service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, products, equipment, and all similar or related
information and materials (whether patentable or unpatentable) (collectively, Inventions) which relate to the Companys
actual or anticipated business, research and development, or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed,
or made by Employee (whether or not during usual business hours and whether or not alone or in conjunction with any other Person) during
the Term of Employment (Work Product) belong in all instances to the Company. Employee will promptly disclose such Work
Product to the Company and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company (whether during or after the Term of Employment) to
establish and confirm the Companys ownership of such Work Product (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of
assignments, consents, powers of attorney, and other instruments) and to provide reasonable assistance to the Company (whether during
or after the Term) in connection with the prosecution of any applications for patents, trademarks, brands, trade names, service marks,
or reissues thereof or in the prosecution or defense of interferences relating to any Work Product. Employee recognizes and agrees that
the Work Product, to the extent copyrightable, constitutes works for hire under the copyright laws of the United States and that to the
extent Work Product constitutes works for hire, the Work Product is the exclusive property of the Company, and all right, title, and
interest in the Work Product vests in the Company. To the extent Work Product is not works for hire, the Work Product, and all of Employees
right, title, and interest in Work Product, including without limitation every priority right, is hereby assigned to the Company.

(b) Employee
shall, during the Term of Employment and at any time thereafter, assist and cooperate fully with the Company in obtaining for the Company
the grant of letters patent, copyrights, and any other intellectual property rights relating to the Work Product in the United States
and/or such other countries as the Company may designate. With respect to Work Product, Employee shall, during the Term of Employment
and at any time thereafter, execute all applications, statements, instruments of transfer, assignment, conveyance or confirmation, or
other documents, furnish all such information to the Company and take all such other appropriate lawful actions as the Company requests
that are necessary to establish the Companys ownership of such Work Product. Employee will not assert or make a claim of ownership
of any Work Product, and Employee will not file any applications for patents or copyright or trademark registration relating to any Work
Product.

(c) Employee
agrees that the Company shall not be required to designate Employee as the inventor or author of any Work Product. Employee hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally waives and releases, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all of Employees rights to such designation
and any rights concerning future modifications to any Work Product. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Employee hereby waives
all claims to moral rights in and to any Work Product.

(d) Employee
will not, in the course of employment with the Company, incorporate into or in any way use in creating any Work Product any pre-existing
invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, works, or other proprietary right or information owned by Employee or in which
Employee has an interest without the Companys prior written permission. Employee hereby grants the Company a nonexclusive, royalty-free,
fully-paid, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, copy, and distribute, and
to use or exploit in any way and in any medium, whether or not now known or existing, such item as part of or in connection with such
Work Product. Employee will not incorporate any invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, intellectual property, or other
proprietary information owned by any party other than Employee into any Work Product without the Companys prior written permission.

9

(e) Employee
hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact,
to act for and on Employees behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further
the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright, trademark, and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if
executed by Employee, if the Company is unable because of Employees unavailability, dissolution, mental or physical incapacity,
or for any other reason, to secure Employees signature for the purpose of applying for or pursuing any application for any United
States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright or trademark registrations covering the Work Product owned by the Company pursuant
to this Section.

Section
9. Confidentiality; Restricted Activities. Employee agrees that some restrictions on Employees activities are
necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other legitimate interests of the Company and its
affiliates:

(a) Employee
shall not disclose Confidential Information to, or use Confidential Information for the benefit of, any Person, except: (i) to the extent
required by an order of a court having jurisdiction over Employee or under subpoena from an appropriate government agency, in which event,
Employee shall use Employees good faith efforts to consult with the General Counsel of the Company prior to responding to any
such order or subpoena, or (ii) as required in the performance of Employees obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Employee
agrees that, during the Term of Employment, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, own any interest in,
operate, join, control or participate as a partner, director, principal, officer, or agent of, enter into the employment of, act as a
consultant to, or perform any services for any Person (other than the Company or its subsidiaries), that engages in any Competitive Activities.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Section 9 shall not prevent Employee from acquiring or holding as an investment
securities: (x) of the Company or (y) representing not more than three percent (3%) of the outstanding voting securities of any other
publicly-held corporation.

(c) Without
limiting the remedies available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section
9 may result in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it
will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company
shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving
irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, restraining Employee from engaging in activities
prohibited by this Section 9 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in this Section 9.

10

(d) If
any court of competent jurisdiction shall at any time determine that any covenant or agreement contained in this Section 9 exceeds the
temporal, geographic, or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction and renders such covenant or agreement unenforceable,
the other provisions of this Section 9 shall nevertheless remain in effect and such covenant or agreement shall be deemed to be reformed
and modified to the maximum temporal, geographic or other limitation permitted by law under the circumstances, and the Company and Employee
each agree that any such court shall be expressly empowered to so reform and modify such covenant or agreement.

(e) Employee
acknowledges and agrees that: (A) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 9 (i) are reasonable and valid in geographical
and temporal scope and in all other respects, (ii) are essential to protect the value of the business, assets and confidential information
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (iii) will not impose any undue hardship on Employee, and (B) Employee has and will obtain valuable
knowledge (including knowledge of the Companys trade secrets, customer relationships and other confidential information), contacts,
know-how, training and experience and such knowledge, know-how, contacts, training and experience could be used to the substantial detriment
of the Company and its subsidiaries. Employee further acknowledges that the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement and
to make the payments and take the actions contemplated herein is conditioned upon Employees agreement to the terms set forth in
this Section 9 and the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement constitutes good and valuable consideration for Employees
agreement to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9.

(f) In
the event of the termination of Employees employment for any reason, Employee shall deliver to the Company all of: (i) the property
of the Company and (ii) the documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company, and Employee shall not take with
Employee any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential
Information.

Section
10. Injunctive Relief. Without limiting the remedies available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any
of the covenants contained in Section 9 hereof may result in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries or
affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely
and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order
and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach
or threatened breach of Section 9 hereof, restraining Employee from engaging in activities prohibited by Section 9 hereof or such
other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in Section 9 hereof.

Section
11. Representations and Warranties of Employee. Employee represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) Employee
is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that Employees employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions
hereof will not conflict with or result in the breach by Employee of any agreement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee
may be bound;

11

(b) Employee
has not, and in connection with Employees employment with the Company will not, violate any non-solicitation or other similar
covenant or agreement by which Employee is or may be bound; and

(c) In
connection with Employees employment with the Company, Employee has not and will not disclose or use any confidential or proprietary
information Employee may have obtained in connection with Employees employment by any prior employer.

Section
12. Taxes.

(a) The
Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement, including payments made pursuant to Section 7, all applicable taxes,
including, but not limited to, income, employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee acknowledges and
represents that the Company has not provided any tax advice to Employee in connection with this Agreement and that Employee has been
advised by the Company to seek tax advice from Employees own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments that may be made
to Employee pursuant to this Agreement, including, specifically, the application of the provisions of Sections 280G or 409A of the Code
to such payments.

(b) In
the event that any amount otherwise payable pursuant to Section 7 would be deemed to constitute a parachute payment (a Parachute
Payment) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and if any such Parachute Payment, when added to any other payments
which are deemed to constitute Parachute Payments, would otherwise result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by the smallest amount necessary to avoid the imposition of such excise tax. Any
such limitation shall be applied to such compensation and benefit amounts and in such order as the Company shall determine in its sole
discretion.

Section
13. Set Off; Mitigation. The Companys obligation to pay Employee the amounts provided and to make the arrangements
provided hereunder shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim, or recoupment of amounts owed by Employee to the Company or its
subsidiaries or affiliates. Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this
Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement shall not
be reduced by any compensation earned as a result of Employees other employment or otherwise.

Section
14. Arbitration. Concurrently with this Agreement, Employee and the Company are entering into a Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate
that is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section
15. Delay in Payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any payment otherwise required to
be made hereunder to Employee at any date as a result of the termination of Employees employment shall be delayed for such
period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. On the earliest date on which
such payments can be made without violating the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, there shall be paid to
Employee, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding
sentence.

12

Section
16. Successors and Assigns; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

(a) The
Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, obligations, or interests arising hereunder may be assigned by the Company without Employees
prior written consent to a Person other than a subsidiary, affiliate, or parent entity of the Company or their respective successors
or assigns; provided, however, that, in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company with or to any other Person, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be freely assignable
to, and be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, each such Person, without Employees consent, and, to the extent the Agreement
has been so assigned, such Person shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder.

(b) Employee.
Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by Employee, by assignment or otherwise, without
the prior written consent of the Company; provided, however, that if Employee shall die, all amounts then payable to Employee
hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Employees devisee, legatee or other designee or, if
there be no such designee, to Employees estate.

(c) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 7(b) or this Section 15, nothing expressed or referred to in
this Agreement will be construed to give any person or entity other than the Company (and its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Employee
any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

Section
17. Waiver and Amendments. Any waiver, alteration, amendment or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall
be valid only if made in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that any such waiver,
alteration, amendment or modification is approved by the Board. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder
shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver
specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.

Section
18. Severability. If any covenants or such other provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable by
a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction: (i) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, and
(ii) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof shall be deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and
enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof.

Section
19. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed under the laws of the State of
California without regard to conflict of laws rules. Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or claim of breach
hereof (other than claims for injunctive relief, which shall be governed by Section 10 hereof) shall be brought exclusively in the State
or Federal courts located in San Diego County in California. By execution of the Agreement, the parties hereto, and their respective
affiliates, consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and waive any right to challenge jurisdiction or venue in such court
with regard to any suit, action, or proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement. Each party to this Agreement also hereby waives
any right to trial by jury in connection with any suit, action or proceeding under or in connection with this Agreement.

13

Section
20. Notices.

(a) Every
notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom
it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by Employee to the Company
shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to Employee
may be given to Employee personally or may be mailed to Employee at Employees last known address, as reflected in the Companys
records.

(b) Any
notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, on the date of such delivery; (ii) if mailed by courier or
by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified mail,
on the third (3rd) business day after the date of such mailing.

Section
21. Section Headings. The headings of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only
and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof, affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or of any term or
provision hereof.

Section
22. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding
and agreement of the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations,
discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter
of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any severance or termination agreement between the Company and Employee, if
any.

Section
23. Survival of Operative Sections. Upon any termination of Employees employment with the Company, the provisions
of Section 7 through Section 22 of this Agreement (together with any related definitions set forth in Section 1 hereof) shall
survive to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions thereof.

Section
24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or
facsimile (including by way of PDF files) signature.

*
* *

[Signatures
to appear on the following page.]

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Dale
Robinette

Lead
Independent Director and Chair of Compensation Committee

EMPLOYEE:

KRISHNA
VANKA

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT
TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Amendment), effective as of March 10, 2025 (the Effective Date),
is by and among Flux Power Holdings, Inc.. a Nevada corporation (the Company) and Ronald F. Dutt (the Employee).
Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Amended and
Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and the Employee effective February 12, 2021 (the Employment Agreement).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS,
the Employee currently serves as the Companys Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President pursuant to
the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the Employee announced that he wishes to retire on the date the Employees successor as the Companys CEO and President is
duly appointed;

WHEREAS,
the Company has found an successor and will start March 10, 2025;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested the Employee to stay on and serve as a senior advisor for the transition until March 31, 2025;

WHEREAS,
the Employee agrees to such extension upon the terms and conditions contained in this Amendment, which shall amend and modify the terms
of the Employment Agreement, which shall otherwise remain hereafter in full force and effect.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual promises and covenants set forth below and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Employee do hereby agree that the Employment Agreement
shall be amended as follows:

1.
Section 2 (Acceptance of Employment; Position; Duties and Responsibility) is hereby deleted in its entirety and amended to read as follows:

Section
2. Transition Service. Effective March 10, 2025 and ending on March 31, 2025 (the Transition Period or
Term of Employment), Employee will transition from the position of Chief Executive Officer and President of the
Company and its subsidiaries to senior advisor to the Company, and shall not be authorized to perform any of his previous duties
unless so requested in writing by the Companys CEO or his designee. At all times during the Transition Period, Employee will
report to the CEO or his designee and shall have such part-time duties as may be prescribed by the CEO or his designee. As senior
advisor, Employee will provide services to the Company and answer questions on an as-needed basis and to the extent directed by the
CEO or his designee. Employees employment will be at-will employment and unless terminated earlier, the
Employees employment will automatically end on March 31, 2025.

1

2.
Section 3 (Compensation) is hereby deleted in its entirety and amended to read as follows:

Section
3. Compensation. During the Transition Period, the Employee shall (i) be paid his monthly salary in the amount of $32,187.50
through the end of the Transition Period, (ii) remain eligible to participate in the Companys group employee benefit
plans as a regular full-time employee, and (iii) continue to vest in his outstanding equity awards, subject to the terms of the Equity
Documents (as defined below). The Employee shall not be eligible for any incentive compensation in connection with work performed
after March 10, 2025. The Employee agrees that he will not earn or be entitled to accrue paid time off during the Transition Period.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company terminates the Employees employment for Cause prior to March 31, 2025, Employee will
be entitled to the Accrued Obligations, shall immediately cease vesting in his outstanding equity awards, and shall have no further rights
to any compensation or benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates. If the Employee resigns prior to March 31, 2025, then the
Transition Period will immediately end, the Employee will be entitled to the Accrued Obligations, and, provided the Employee complies
with his obligations pursuant to this Agreement, the Employee will be entitled to the severance benefits set forth in Section 7(d).

3.
Section 4 (Employee Benefits) and Section 5 (Key-Man Insurance) is hereby deleted in its entirety.

4. Section
7(d)(ii) (Termination by the Company without Cause) is hereby deleted in its entirety and amended to read as follows:

(ii)
Provided employee executes and delivers to the Company a Release in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A within thirty (30) days after the Transition Period and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b) of the Employment
Agreement, an amount equal to twelve (12) months of Base Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date Employee signs this
Agreement (Severance Amount), which shall be paid in twelve (12) equal monthly installments as set forth in the Release.
For the avoidance of doubt, Employees services with the Company will end at the end of the Transition Period, which natural termination
shall be deemed a termination by the Company without Cause.

5. Section
7(h) (Benefits) is hereby deleted in its entirety.

6. Section
9(c) (Confidentiality; Restricted Activities) is hereby deleted in its entirety.

9. Effective
immediately, the Employee hereby resigns as an officer and/or director of the Company as well as from any other officer and/or director
positions he holds with any of Companys subsidiaries or entities affiliated with the Company. The Employee agrees to execute any
documents reasonably requested by the Company or any controlled entities in order to effectuate such resignations.

10. The
Employee hereby waives the application of the definition of Good Reason all aspects of the Employees prior and continued
employment, including but not limited to any changes to the Employees responsibilities, authority or duties, and the Employee
agrees that such Good Reason provision is hereby null and void. For the avoidance of doubt, the Employee shall have no
Good Reason departure rights under the Employment Agreement or otherwise.

11. The
Employee hereby waives the application of the Change in Control Termination provision as set forth Section 7(e) of the Employment Agreement.

2

12. Except
as specifically provided by this Amendment, the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects, subject
to any other amendments that may be adopted from time to time.

13. The
Company and the Employee represent and agree that each has reviewed all aspects of this Amendment, has carefully read and fully understands
all provisions of this Amendment, and is voluntarily entering into this Amendment. Each party represents and agrees that such party has
had the opportunity to review any and all aspects of this Amendment with legal, tax or other adviser(s) of such partys choice
before executing this Amendment.

14. This
Amendment may be executed by either of the parties hereto in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original Amendment,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to this Amendment transmitted by facsimile
transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means
intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the
paper document bearing the original signature.

[Remainder
of this page intentionally left blank]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed, or cause their duly authorized representative to execute, this Amendment on the dates
indicated below.

EMPLOYEE EMPLOYER

Flux
Power Holdings, Inc.

By: Ronald F. Dutt Dale Robinette

Lead
Independent Director and Chair of Compensation
Committee

Date: March 10, 2025 Date: March 10, 2025

4

EXHIBIT
A

CONFIDENTIAL
SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CONFIDENTIAL
SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This
Confidential Separation and Release Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between Ronald F. Dutt (hereinafter EMPLOYEE)
and Flux Power Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter EMPLOYER). EMPLOYEE and EMPLOYER shall be referred to
as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated February 12, 2021 (the Employment Agreement)
which replaced and superseded a prior employment agreement between the Parties, dated December 11, 2012 (the Prior Employment
Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the Parties thereafter entered into an Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated March 10, 2025 which replaced and superseded
the Employment Agreement (the Amendment);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Amendment, EMPLOYER agreed to provide EMPLOYEE with certain severance pay and benefits (the Severance Benefits)
in the event the certain cessations of employment, subject to, among other things, EMPLOYEE entering into, not revoking, and complying
with a Release as that term is defined in Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS,
this Agreement is the Release referred to in the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS,
EMPLOYERS Board of Directors appreciates EMPLOYEEs contributions to EMPLOYER; and

WHEREAS,
in exchange for, among other things, EMPLOYEE entering into and fully complying with the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement,
EMPLOYER shall provide EMPLOYEE with the Severance Benefits as described in Paragraph 6 of this Agreement;

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree
as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Termination
of Employment. EMPLOYEES employment by EMPLOYER, as well as EMPLOYEEs holding of all officer, director, board,
committee, and/or other positions with EMPLOYER, any of EMPLOYERs subsidiaries, if any, shall be deemed to have ended on
March 31, 2025 (the Termination Date). EMPLOYEE agrees to execute any documents reasonably requested by EMPLOYER or
any controlled entities in order to effectuate such termination. By signing this Agreement, EMPLOYEE affirms and agrees that
EMPLOYEE has been paid all wages earned through and including the date of this Agreement, including all earned bonuses, all
incentive compensation, and all accrued and unused vacation time.

2. Release.
In exchange for the promises contained in this Agreement, EMPLOYEE agrees that EMPLOYEE, or any person acting by, though, or under
EMPLOYEE, releases EMPLOYER, its parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, d/b/as, divisions, predecessors, successors,
assigns, attorneys, and any individual or entity EMPLOYEE alleges to be a joint employer of EMPLOYEE, and the current and former
officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, employees, attorneys, agents, and insurers/risk groups thereof (collectively,
the Releasees), from any and all claims EMPLOYEE has against them, and agrees that EMPLOYEE will not institute any
action or actions, cause or causes of action (in law or in equity), suits, debts, liens, claims, demands, known or unknown, fixed or
contingent or otherwise, which EMPLOYEE may have or claim to have in state or federal court, or with any state, federal or local
government agency or with any administrative or advisory body related to EMPLOYEES employment by EMPLOYER.

1

EMPLOYEE
further agrees that EMPLOYEE is compromising, settling, and releasing Releasees from any and all claims under any federal, state or local
law or ordinance, tort, employment contract (express or implied), public policy, wrongful discharge or any other obligation arising prior
to the date of this Agreement, including any claims arising under the California Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders; the Fair
Labor Standards Act, as amended; the California Labor Code, as amended; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Civil
Rights Act of 1991, as amended; Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended; the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; the Immigration Reform and Control Act, as amended; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990,
as amended; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), as amended; the Workers Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act, as amended; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended; the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended; California
Family Rights Act Cal. Govt Code 12945.2 et seq., as amended; California Fair Employment and Housing Act 
Cal. Govt Code 12900 et seq., as amended; California Unruh Civil Rights Act Cal. Civ. Code 51 et seq., as
amended; California Wage Payment Act, as amended; California Equal Pay Law Cal. Lab. Code 1197.5 et seq., as amended;
California Whistleblower Protection Law Cal. Lab. Code 1102-5(a) to (c), as amended; the California Occupational Safety
and Health Act, as amended; the National Labor Relations Act; California Labor Code 6300 et seq., and any applicable regulations
thereunder; the California Private Attorneys General Act, California Labor Code section 2699, et seq., as amended; any other federal,
state or local civil or human rights law or any other local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance; any claim for penalties,
unpaid wages, unpaid overtime, unfair business practices, unjust enrichment, fraud, failure to provide accurate itemized wage statements,
meal and rest period premiums, waiting time penalties, failure to pay minimum wage, wrongful termination, discrimination, harassment,
retaliation, or intentional infliction of emotional distress; any public policy, contract, tort, or common law; or any claim for costs,
fees, or other expenses, including attorneys fees.

Consistent
with the releases contained herein, EMPLOYEE agrees that if a claim is prosecuted in EMPLOYEES name before any court, government
agency, administrative agency or advisory body against any Releasee or any person acting by, through, under, or in concert with any Releasee,
EMPLOYEE waives and agrees not to take any award of money or other damages from such claim. EMPLOYEE also agrees if a claim is prosecuted
in EMPLOYEES name against any Releasee or any and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any Releasee, that
EMPLOYEE will immediately request in writing the claim on EMPLOYEES behalf be withdrawn.

The
foregoing shall not be construed to release or waive any right that may not be released or waived pursuant to applicable law. However,
to the fullest extent allowed by law, EMPLOYEE agrees to waive any right to monetary or other recovery should any claim be pursued on
EMPLOYEES behalf arising out of or related to any events arising prior to the date of this Agreement, whether on an individual,
class, collective, or representative basis. Furthermore, in the event that EMPLOYEE is named as a member of any class, collective, or
group in any action against any Releasee arising from conduct predating this Agreement, EMPLOYEE agrees that EMPLOYEES claims
shall be dismissed and EMPLOYEES class, collective, and/or group membership terminated immediately upon presentation of this Agreement,
and EMPLOYEE shall promptly execute any papers necessary to achieve this end.

2

3. Waiver
of Civil Code Section 1542 Rights. EMPLOYEE acknowledges and agrees that EMPLOYEE is aware of and expressly waives all
rights and benefits conferred on EMPLOYEE now or in the future under the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, which
provides as follows:

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR
AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE
DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

EMPLOYEE,
being aware of this section, hereby relinquishes all rights and benefits EMPLOYEE may have based thereon and upon any other statutes
or common law principles of similar effect. However, EMPLOYEE does not waive any rights or claims that may arise after the date this
Agreement is executed.

4. No
Pending Actions. EMPLOYEE represents and warrants that EMPLOYEE has not filed any action, claim, charge, or complaint
against EMPLOYER or any Releasees with any local, state, or federal agency or court related to EMPLOYEES employment by
EMPLOYER, and agrees that EMPLOYEE will not do so in the future. EMPLOYEE acknowledges and agrees that EMPLOYEES agreement
not to sue EMPLOYER or Releasees for any reason related to EMPLOYEES employment by EMPLOYER, except for any claims that
cannot be waived pursuant to applicable law, is a material term of this Agreement.

5. ADEA
Review and Revocation Period. In order to comply with the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act (29 U.S.C. Section 626(f))
and effectuate the release by EMPLOYEE of any potential claims under the Federal Age Discrimination In Employment Act, EMPLOYEE
acknowledges, affirms, and agrees as follows:

A.
EMPLOYEE acknowledges and affirms that EMPLOYEE has been given twenty-one (21) days to review and consider the Agreement before
signing it. EMPLOYEE understands that EMPLOYEE may use as much or as little of the period as EMPLOYEE wishes prior to signing the
Agreement.

B.
EMPLOYEE agrees that EMPLOYEE is waiving and releasing any rights EMPLOYEE may have under the Age Discrimination In Employment Act
of 1967 (ADEA) and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. EMPLOYEE acknowledges that the consideration
given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which EMPLOYEE was already entitled. EMPLOYEE acknowledges
that EMPLOYEE has carefully reviewed the Agreement and understands the terms and conditions it contains. By entering into the
Agreement EMPLOYEE is giving up potentially valuable legal rights and EMPLOYEE intends to be bound by all the terms and conditions
set forth in the Agreement. EMPLOYEE does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date the Agreement is executed.
EMPLOYEE is entering into the Agreement freely, knowingly and voluntarily. EMPLOYEE has been advised to consult legal counsel before
executing the Agreement.

C.
EMPLOYEE acknowledges and affirms EMPLOYEEs understanding that this Release does not prohibit EMPLOYEE from filing any ADEA
related charges with any governmental administrative agency as long as EMPLOYEE does not personally seek reinstatement, damages,
remedies, or other relief as to any claim that EMPLOYEE has released, any right to which EMPLOYEE hereby waives.

3

D.
EMPLOYEE acknowledges and affirms EMPLOYEEs understanding that, within seven (7) calendar days of the date of
EMPLOYEEs signature on this Agreement, EMPLOYEE may revoke the release and waiver of any rights EMPLOYEE may have under
the ADEA only. Revocation must be made by delivering a written notice of revocation stating I intend to revoke the
release and waiver of any rights I may have under the ADEA to EMPLOYERS Senior People Resources Manager, Cyndi Rowan,
at 2685 South Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081, which must be received no later than the close of business on the seventh
(7th) calendar day (or next business day thereafter, if the seventh calendar day is not a business day) after EMPLOYEE signs this
Agreement. Notice to EMPLOYER for purposes of this Agreement shall be effective if and only if it is delivered within the revocation
period set forth above by one or more of the following means: (a) personally; (b) by overnight courier; or (c) by registered United
States mail.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, EMPLOYEE shall not be subject to any penalties (such as attorneys fees) in connection
with any challenge by EMPLOYEE to the validity of this ADEA waiver.

6. Severance
Benefits. In exchange for, among other things, EMPLOYEE signing and complying with the terms of this Agreement, EMPLOYER
agrees to pay EMPLOYEE the following compensation for which EMPLOYEE would otherwise not be entitled:

A.
EMPLOYER will pay to EMPLOYEE the gross amount of Three Hundred Eighty-Six Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars and Two Cents
($386,250.02) in twelve (12) installments of approximately Thirty-Two Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Seven Dollars and Fifty Cents each
($32,187.50), which payments shall be made on an IRS Form W-2 basis and shall be subject to withholdings and deductions as required
by law (Salary Installment Payment). The first Salary Installment Payment shall be made on the last day of the first
calendar month following the Termination Date, and each subsequent Salary Installment Payment shall be made on the last day of each
calendar month after that.

B.
EMPLOYER shall pay to EMPLOYEE a monthly cash payment for twelve (12) months in an amount of Four Thousand Thirty Four Dollars and
Twenty Cents ($4,034.20) (Insurance Installment Payment), which is equal to the monthly employer contribution that
EMPLOYER would have made to provide health insurance to the EMPLOYEE if the EMPLOYEE had remained employed by the EMPLOYER. Each
Installment Payment shall be made on an IRS Form 1099 basis, without any withholdings or deductions.

C.
Also by signing this Agreement, EMPLOYEE acknowledges and agrees that he is not entitled to any other severance pay, benefits or
equity rights including without limitation pursuant to any severance plan, program, or arrangement.

7. Tax
Indemnification. EMPLOYERs payment to EMPLOYEE described above in Paragraph Six represents a compromise of any and
all of EMPLOYEES known or unknown claims against Releasees. EMPLOYEE agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless Releasees from
any and all actions, claims or demands brought by any tax or other authority based upon EMPLOYEES tax obligations arising
from the payment to be made pursuant to this Agreement, and EMPLOYEE agrees specifically to reimburse EMPLOYER for any taxes,
interest and penalties paid by EMPLOYER and for the costs, legal fees, and any other expenses incurred by EMPLOYER as a result of
any such actions, claims or demands.

8. Non-Admission
of Liability. The Parties hereto acknowledge the execution of this Agreement, and each of the terms contained herein, is
not, and shall not be construed in any way as an admission of wrongdoing or liability on the part of either party hereto.

9. Confidentiality.
As a condition of, and consideration for, the payment and other benefits EMPLOYEE is to receive herein, EMPLOYEE agrees
that:

4

A.
Neither EMPLOYEE, nor EMPLOYEES attorneys nor agents, will disclose, disseminate or publicize or cause or permit to be
disclosed, disseminated or publicized, the fact of and the terms of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, to any person,
corporation, association or governmental agency, except for EMPLOYEES spouse, attorney, or accountant or for the purposes of
enforcing this Agreement, should that ever become necessary, and/or except as required by law or legal process. The spouse,
attorney, and/or accountant to whom this Agreement is disclosed are also bound by this confidentiality provision.

B.
EMPLOYEE will neither orally nor in writing make defamatory or otherwise injurious statements concerning EMPLOYER or
EMPLOYEES employment relationship with EMPLOYER, or about any Releasees, to any current or future employee, vendor, or
potential vendor, and any client or potential or client of EMPLOYER. Further, EMPLOYEE shall continue to be bound by
EMPLOYEES prior agreement, restated and incorporated herein, not to use, disclose, or exploit any confidential or sensitive
information regarding EMPLOYER or concerning anyone else having worked with or for EMPLOYER or currently working with or for
EMPLOYER.

C.
Notwithstanding any terms to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit EMPLOYEE from providing
truthful information or testimony in response to any court order, subpoena, litigation, deposition, or government investigation, nor
shall it prohibit the disclosure of factual information related to an act of sexual assault, an act of sexual harassment, an act of
workplace harassment or discrimination, failure to prevent an act of workplace harassment or discrimination, or an act of
retaliation against a person for reporting or opposing harassment or discrimination, pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure
1001. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent EMPLOYEE from exercising any rights that EMPLOYEE might possess
under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if any, or cooperating with any investigation being conducted by the National
Labor Relations Board, provided that EMPLOYEES communications are not so disloyal, reckless or maliciously untrue as to lose
the NLRAs protection.

10.
Return of Equipment. EMPLOYEE represents and warrants EMPLOYEE has returned or will return
to EMPLOYER prior to the Termination Date all equipment, hardware, files, keys, papers, data, software, computer hardware, records and
other materials EMPLOYEE has received or prepared in connection with EMPLOYEES employment by EMPLOYER, including all copies thereof,
and EMPLOYEE further represents and warrants that EMPLOYEE will not use or disclose to any other person any confidential information
belonging to EMPLOYER or concerning EMPLOYER.

11. Binding
Effect. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon the
successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators of the parties hereto.

12. Verification
of Employment. EMPLOYER agrees that if contacted by a prospective employer of EMPLOYEE or other third party, it will only
verify and/or provide EMPLOYEES final job title and dates of employment.

13. Governing
Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in all
respects, in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

14. Waiver.
The waiver by any party of any breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not constitute waiver of any subsequent
breach of the same, or of any other provision of this Agreement.

5

15. Severability.
If any of the above provisions are found null, void, or inoperative for any reason, the remaining provisions will remain in full
force and effect.

16. Right
to Counsel. EMPLOYEE understands that EMPLOYEE has the right to seek the advice of an attorney of EMPLOYEES own
choosing to review this Agreement, and affirms that EMPLOYER has provided EMPLOYEE with at least five (5) business days in which to
do so, during which time EMPLOYER has agreed not to withdraw or alter any terms of this Agreement. EMPLOYEE further understands that
EMPLOYEE may use as much or as little of the period as EMPLOYEE wishes prior to signing the Agreement.

17. Voluntary
Agreement. EMPLOYEE acknowledges and affirms that EMPLOYEE has read the above paragraphs and fully understands the terms,
nature and effect of this Agreement, which EMPLOYEE has executed knowingly, voluntarily, and of EMPLOYEEs own free
will.

18. Joint
Drafting. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been jointly drafted, and that any uncertainty or
ambiguity shall not be construed for or against any Party hereto.

19. Integrated
Agreement. This Agreement may be supplemented, amended, or modified only by the mutual agreement of the parties. No
supplement, amendment, or modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless it is in writing and signed by both
parties.

20. Survival.
All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of the Agreement.

21. Attorneys
Fees Upon Dispute. If a dispute arises under this Agreement in which one party seeks to enforce its rights, the prevailing
party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys fees, together with any costs and expenses, to resolve the dispute and to enforce
the final judgment.

In
Witness whereof, the Parties have executed this Agreement.

EMPLOYEE EMPLOYER

Flux Power Holdings, Inc.

By: Ronald F. Dutt By: Dale Robinette

Its: Lead
Independent Director and Chair of Compensation
Committee

Date: Date: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Flux
Power Appoints Veteran Technology Leader Krishna Vanka as Chief Executive Officer

New
CEO Brings 18 Years of Expertise in Renewable Energy, EV Transition, Fleet Management and Telematics with a Vision to Accelerate
the Companys Growth, Innovation and Scale

Vista,
CA March 10, 2025 Flux Power Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: FLUX), a leading developer of advanced lithium-ion energy storage
solutions for the electrification of commercial and industrial equipment, today announced it has appointed Krishna Vanka as Chief Executive
Officer. Vanka assumes the position today, on March 10, 2025, to replace Ron Dutt, whose planned retirement was previously announced.

Mr.
Vanka is an accomplished executive leader with over 18 years experience in building, scaling, managing, and transforming technology
companies in sectors such as renewable energy, electric vehicle charging, internet of things (IoT), fleet and asset management, and telematics.
He most recently was CEO of Fluence Digital, a part of Fluence Energy, a Nasdaq listed global market leader in energy storage. At Fluence
Digital, he was responsible for driving scalable growth, general management, strategic leadership and operational excellence of Fluences
recurring revenue businesses, including all of its battery energy storage solutions (BESS) and professional services. Prior to Fluence
Digital, Mr. Vanka held leadership positions at InCharge Energy, a high-growth firm with solutions for EV Fleet Charging; MyShoperoo,
Inc., a digital on-demand platform including optimizing ordering engine; and Telogis, Inc., SaaS location-based applications to manage
and optimize mobile resources used by fleet owners and drivers.

Krishna
brings an incredible track record of success, with the experience and industry relationships necessary to lead Flux Power to its next
stage of growth by providing leading technology, products and services to Fortune 500 companies with large and distributed operations,
said Dale Robinette, Lead Director of Flux Power. Following a thorough and thoughtful search process by the Board, I am pleased
to announce such a well-qualified leader who can continue our momentum by growing the business into a profitable industry leader in advanced
energy solutions. We are confident Krishna is the right person to lead Flux Power forward as it advances its initiatives to create exceptional
value for our customers and shareholders.

Vanka
added, I am thrilled to join Flux Power at this critical juncture of this industry and with all the great foundation built by
Ron and the team, we will accelerate our mission of delivering industry leading lithium-ion energy storage solutions. As part of the
diligence process, I evaluated the companys overall potential, as well as the underlying ingredients - talent, technology,
customer base, and vision - to make my decision. I can confidently say that we have the right technology at the right time, with the
right people, to scale and build Flux Power into a market leader in this space. I look forward to working with the board and this
talented team to build and execute the strategy that will drive our company forward.

1 | Page

2685 S Melrose Drive, Vista, CA 92081 | 877-505-3589 | fluxpower.com

About
Flux Power Holdings, Inc.

Flux
Power (NASDAQ: FLUX) designs, manufactures, and sells advanced lithium-ion energy storage solutions for electrification of a range of
industrial and commercial sectors including material handling, airport ground support equipment (GSE), and stationary energy storage.
Flux Powers lithium-ion battery packs, including the proprietary battery management system (BMS) and telemetry, provide customers
with a better performing, lower cost of ownership, and more environmentally friendly alternative, in many instances, to traditional lead
acid and propane-based solutions. Lithium-ion battery packs reduce CO2 emissions and help improve sustainability and ESG metrics for
fleets. For more information, please visit www.fluxpower.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
release contains projections and other forward-looking statements relating to Flux Powers business, that are often
identified using believes, expects or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve several estimates,
assumptions, risks, and other uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated, believed,
estimated, expected, etc. Accordingly, statements are not guarantees of future results. Some of the important factors that could cause
Flux Powers actual results to differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to: risks and uncertainties, related to Flux Powers business, results and financial condition; plans and expectations
with respect to access to capital and outstanding indebtedness; Flux Powers ability to comply with the terms of the existing credit
facilities to obtain the necessary capital from such credit facilities; Flux Powers ability to raise capital; Flux Powers
ability to continue as a going concern. Flux Powers ability to obtain raw materials and other supplies for its products at competitive
prices and on a timely basis, particularly in light of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its suppliers and supply chain;
the development and success of new products, projected sales, cancellation of purchase orders, deferral of shipments, Flux Powers
ability to improve its gross margins, or achieve breakeven cash flow or profitability, Flux Powers ability to fulfill backlog
orders or realize profit from the contracts reflected in backlog sale; Flux Powers ability to fulfill backlog orders due to changes
in orders reflected in backlog sales, Flux Powers ability to obtain the necessary funds under the credit facilities, Flux Powers
ability to timely obtain UL Listing for its products, Flux Powers ability to fund its operations, distribution partnerships and
business opportunities and the uncertainties of customer acceptance and purchase of current and new products, and changes in pricing.
Actual results could differ from those projected due to numerous factors and uncertainties. Although Flux Power believes that the expectations,
opinions, projections, and comments reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such
statements will prove to be correct, and that the Flux Powers actual results of operations, financial condition and performance
will not differ materially from the results of operations, financial condition and performance reflected or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements and Investors should refer to the risk factors outlined
in our Form 10-K, 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov/edgar. These forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this news release, and Flux Power assumes no obligation to update these statements or the reasons why actual
results could differ from those projected.

Flux,
Flux Power, and associated logos are trademarks of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. All other third-party brands, products, trademarks, or registered
marks are the property of and used to identify the products or services of their respective owners.

Follow
us at:

Blog:
Flux Power Blog

News:
Flux Power News

Twitter:
@Flux__Power

LinkedIn:
Flux Power

Contacts

Media
& Investor Relations:

media@fluxpower.com

info@fluxpower.com

External
Investor Relations:

Chris
Tyson, Executive Vice President

MZ
Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

FLUX@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us

2 | Page

2685 S Melrose Drive, Vista, CA 92081 | 877-505-3589 | fluxpower.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>flux-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>flux-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>flux-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-31543

Entity Registrant Name FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001083743

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-3550089

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 2685
S. Melrose Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Vista

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92081

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 505-3589

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol FLUX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fluxpower.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

flux-20250306.xsd 
flux-20250306_lab.xml 
flux-20250306_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009641-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001083743 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001083743 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
FLUX POWER HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-31543 
92-3550089 
2685 S. Melrose Drive 
Vista 
CA 
92081 
877 
505-3589 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
FLUX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>