<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-002138.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-002138.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129152431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-002138
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEL FUSE INC /NJ
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000729580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COILS, TRANSFORMERS & OTHER INDUCTORS [3677]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				221463699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11676
		FILM NUMBER:		25569087

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			WEST ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014320463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			WEST ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07052
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>belfb20250125c_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?belfb20250125c_8ka.htm

8-K/A - Bel Fuse Inc Completion of Acquisition (Enercon)true0000729580BELFUSE INC /NJ00007295802024-11-142024-11-140000729580belfb:ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember2024-11-142024-11-140000729580belfb:ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember2024-11-142024-11-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): November 14, 2024

BEL FUSE INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

New Jersey 

0-11676 

22-1463699

(State of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

300 Executive Drive, Suite 300, West Orange, New Jersey 

07052

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (201) 432-0463

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 

BELFA 

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 

BELFB 

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

Bel Fuse Inc. (Bel or the Company) is filing this Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A (Amendment No. 1) as an amendment to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2024 (the Initial Form 8K). As disclosed in the Initial Form 8-K, the Company closed its previously announced acquisition of 80% of the issued and outstanding share capital on a fully-diluted basis of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. (Enercon) on November 14, 2024, as contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2024, by and among the Company, Enercon, FF3 Holdings, L.P., and each of the other seller parties signatory thereto.

As permitted under Item 9.01 of Form 8-K, this Amendment No. 1 to the Initial Form 8-K supplements the Initial Form 8-K solely to provide the financial statements and pro forma financial information required under Item 9.01 of Form 8-K within 71 calendar days after the date on which the Initial Form-8-K was required to be filed. This Amendment No. 1 should be read in conjunction with the Initial Form 8-K. Except as set forth herein, no modifications have been made to the information contained in the Initial Form 8-K, and the Company has not updated any information contained therein to reflect events that have occurred since the date of the Initial Form 8-K filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)Financial statements of businesses or funds acquired.

The historical audited financial statements of Enercon as of and for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, together with the notes thereto and the independent auditors report thereon, are filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K/A and are incorporated herein by reference.

The historical unaudited interim pre-acquisition financial statements of Enercon for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, together with the notes thereto, are filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K/A and are incorporated herein by reference. 

The consent of Ziv Haft, Certified Public Accountants (Isr.), a BDO Member Firm, is filed as Exhibit 23.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K/A and is incorporated herein by reference.

(b) Pro forma financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information giving effect to Bels acquisition of Enercon and which consist of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet of Bel and Enercon as September 30, 2024, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for Bel and Enercon for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, together with the notes thereto, are filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K/A and are incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

23.1 Consent of Ziv Haft, Certified Public Accountants (Isr.), a BDO Member Firm

99.1 Audited Financial Statements of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related notes, and the independent auditors report thereon.

99.2 Unaudited Interim Financial Statements of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. for the Nine-Month Periods ending September 30, 2024 and 2023.

99.3 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information of Bel Fuse Inc. and Enercon Technologies, Ltd.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 29, 2025 

BEL FUSE INC.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/Daniel Bernstein

Daniel Bernstein

President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. 

Description

23.1 Consent of Ziv Haft, Certified Public Accountants (Isr.), a BDO Member Firm

99.1 Audited Financial Statements of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related notes, and the independent auditors report thereon.

99.2 Unaudited Interim Financial Statements of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. for the Nine-Month Periods ending September 30, 2024 and 2023.

99.3 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information of Bel Fuse Inc. and Enercon Technologies, Ltd.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_770398.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>
ex_770398.htm

Exhibit 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271817) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-180340 and File No. 333-239267) of Bel Fuse Inc. of our report dated December 31, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Enercon Technologies, Ltd. which appear in this Form 8-K.

/s/ Ziv Haft

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

BDO Member Firm 

January29, 2025

Tel Aviv, Israel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_770399.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_770399.htm

Exhibit 99.1

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 

2-3

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF: 

Financial Position 

4-5

Comprehensive Income 

6

Changes in Equity 

7

Cash Flows 

8-9

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements 

10-41

______________________

_____________

1

B D O L E T T E R H E A D

Independent Auditors Report

Board of Directors

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Netanya, Israel

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Enercon Technologies Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated financial position as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, based on our audits, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued.

Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

2

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit.

Ziv Haft

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

BDO Member Firm /s/ 

December 31, 2024 

Tel Aviv, Israel

3

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As of December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 3 3,713 2,860 

Short-term deposit 129 55 

Short-term restricted cash 532 294 

Trade receivables 5 20,421 16,622 

Other accounts receivable 6 1,662 1,352 

Income taxes receivable 17 575 2,278 

Inventories 7 37,062 34,823 

64,094 58,284 

Non-Current Assets 

Restricted Cash 48 368 

Long-term prepaid expenses 45 37 

Deferred tax assets 36 9 

Property, plant and equipment 8 5,420 5,692 

Right-of-use assets 9 3,650 4,870 

Intangible assets 10 - 278 

Goodwill 10 60,466 60,466 

69,665 71,720 

TOTAL ASSETS 133,759 130,004 

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

4

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As of December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Credit, short-term loans and current maturities 12 26,775 28,487 

Current maturities of lease liabilities 9 1,292 1,262 

Trade payables 7,201 6,273 

Income taxes payable 17 85 - 

Other accounts payable 13 10,291 9,644 

45,644 45,666 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Long-term loans net of current maturities 14 11,450 22,092 

Lease liabilities 9 2,788 4,179 

Deferred income tax liabilities 11 6,220 5,399 

20,458 31,670 

Equity attributable to owners of the parent 

Share capital 18 7,562 7,536 

Reserve from share-based payment transactions 16 1,889 1,196 

Capital reserve from transactions with minority (180 ) (180 )

Retained earnings 58,290 44,028 

67,561 52,580 

Non-controlling interests 15 96 88 

67,657 52,668 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 133,759 130,004 

The consolidated financial statements were authorized to be published by management on December 31, 2024.

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

5

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Revenues 5 95,709 81,281 

Cost of sales 20 54,971 53,341 

Gross profit 40,738 27,940 

Research and development expenses 21 5,296 6,541 

Selling and marketing expenses 22 9,446 6,710 

General and administrative expenses 23 4,113 4,212 

Profit from operations 21,883 10,477 

Other expenses (income) (25 ) - 

Finance expenses 24 4,123 4,210 

Finance income changes 24 (304 ) (2,648 )

Profit before income tax 18,089 8,915 

Taxes on income 17 3,819 854 

Total comprehensive income 14,270 8,061 

Total comprehensive income attributable to: 

Equity holders of the company 14,262 8,040 

Non-controlling interest 8 21 

14,270 8,061 

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

6

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

U.S. dollars in thousands

Share capital 

Reserve from share-based payment transactions 

Capital reserve from transactions with non-controlling interest 

Retained earnings 

Total attributable to owners of the parent 

Non-controlling interest 

Total

equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 7,236 855 - 35,988 44,079 59 44,138 

Changes during 2022: 

Exercise of ESOP 300 (111 ) - - 189 - 189 

Share based payment - 452 - - 452 - 452 

Transactions with minority - - (180 ) - (180 ) 8 (172 )

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 8,040 8,040 21 8,061 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 7,536 1,196 (180 ) 44,028 52,580 88 52,668 

Changes during 2023: 

Forfeit of ESOP 26 (26 ) - - - - - 

Share based payment - 719 - - 719 - 719 

Transactions with minority - - - - - - - 

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 14,262 14,262 8 14,270 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 7,562 1,889 (180 ) 58,290 67,561 96 67,657 

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

7

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Profit for the year 14,270 8,061 

Adjustments for: 

Depreciation and amortization 3,044 2,996 

Changes in contingent consideration - - 

Equity settled share-based payment expense 719 452 

Loss (profit) from sale of property, plant and equipment (4 ) 1 

Loss (profit) from other current financial assets (315 ) 389 

Taxes on income 3,819 854 

Other financial expenses 3,555 1,510 

25,088 14,263 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in trade receivables (3,799 ) (7,106 )

Decrease (increase) in other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses (255 ) 152 

Increase in inventories (2,239 ) (4,270 )

Increase in trade payables 928 2,204 

Increase (decrease) in other accounts payable 899 (4,004 )

(4,466 ) (13,024 )

Cash from operating activities 20,622 1,239 

Interest paid (3,680 ) (2,052 )

Taxes paid (1,237 ) (2,904 )

Net cash from operating activities 15,705 (3,717 )

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

8

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Cont.)

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment (1,226 ) (1,492 )

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 6 1 

Short-term deposit (74 ) (55 )

Restricted deposit 82 (9 )

Net Cash used in investing activities (1,212 ) (1,555 )

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Short-term credit from banks (6,727 ) 7,461 

Repayment of lease liabilities (1,286 ) (1,323 )

Long-term Loans received from banks - 5,000 

Long-term Loans repayment (5,627 ) (5,963 )

Acquisition of non-controlling interests - (172 )

Exercise of ESOP - 189 

Net Cash (used in)/from financing activities (13,640 ) 5,192 

Decrease (increase) in cash and cash equivalents 853 (80 )

Balance of cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year 2,860 2,940 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 3,713 2,860 

The attached notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

9

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP AND ITS OPERATIONS

A. 

Enercon Technologies Ltd. (hereafter the Company) founded in November 2014. The Company itself and through its subsidiaries ("Enercon or the "Group") develops, designs, manufactures and markets custom power supplies, UPS units and networking solutions that are designed for extreme conditions and are mainly for military, aerospace and civilian aircrafts applications (used for applications in radars, land systems, aircrafts, and missiles) through its manufacturing facilities in Israel, U.S, and India. The Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Israel. The address of its registered office is, 27 Yad Harutzim St., Netanya Industrial Area. The Companys controlling shareholder is Fortissimo Capital Fund.

B. 

Impact of the Swords of Iron War on the Company:

Starting from October 7, 2023, following the attacks on Israel and the security situation, the State of Israel has been in a state of war known as the 'Iron Swords War'. Despite this, the Company has continued to operate without interruption, although it has faced challenges including increased transportation costs and employee recruitment for reserve duty. The Company continues to closely monitor the situation and its potential impact on operations.

NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below. The policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

A. 

Basis of presentation of the financial statements

The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is also the Groups functional currency. Amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the measurement of certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The Company has elected to present the statement of comprehensive income using the function of expense method.

B. 

Estimates and assumptions

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that have an effect on the application of the accounting policies and on the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed regularly. Changes in accounting estimates are reported in the period of the change in estimate and thereafter.

The key assumptions made in the financial statements concerning uncertainties at the end of the reporting period and the critical estimates used by the Group that may result in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed in the notes.

10

C. 

Functional and reporting currency

The Groups consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. For each entity the Group determines the functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

Assets and liabilities of a company which is a foreign operation are translated at the closing rate at each reporting date. Profit or loss items are translated at average exchange rates for the period presented. The resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

The majority of the revenues of the Group are generated in U.S. dollars. In addition, a substantial portion of the Group's costs is incurred in U.S. dollars. The Group's management believes that the U.S. dollar is the primary currency of the economic environment in which the Group operates.

D. 

Revenue recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

Revenues from the sale of goods are recognized at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally upon delivery of the equipment.

Certain products sold by the group include warranties that obligate the group to repair or replace defective products during the warranty period if they fail to meet agreed-upon specifications. In accordance with IFRS 15, such warranties are not considered as separate performance obligations. Consequently, no portion of the transaction price is allocated to the warranties. Instead, a warranty provision is recognized for the estimated costs of fulfilling warranty obligations in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities, and Contingent Assets. 

E. 

Foreign currency transactions

Transactions denominated in foreign currency (other than the functional currency) are recorded on initial recognition at the exchange rate as of the date of the transaction. After initial recognition, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency are translated at the end of each reporting period into the functional currency at the exchange rate as of that date. Exchange differences, other than those capitalized to qualifying assets are recognized in profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and liabilities measured at cost are translated at the exchange rate of initial recognition. Non-monetary assets andliabilities denominated in foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing at the date on which the fair value was determined.

11

F. 

Basis of consolidation

The Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:

Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee)

Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and

The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over the investee, including: the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee, the Groups potential voting rights.

The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control over the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it (i) derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, the carrying amount of any non-controlling interests and the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity. (ii) Recognises the consideration received at fair value, recognises any investment retained at fair value of and recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss. (iii) reclassifies the parents share of components previously recognised in OCI to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate, as would be required if the Company had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

G. 

Consolidated financial statements

Where relevant, the accounting policy in the financial statements of the subsidiaries is changed to confirm with the policy applied in the financial statements of the Group.

H. 

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of a business combination over the interest in the fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired. Cost of a business combination comprises the fair values of assets given, liabilities assumed and equity instruments issued. Any costs of acquisition are charged to profit or loss (if the costs of acquisition are related to the issue of debt or equity, they charged to equity or liability respectively).

Goodwill is recognized as an intangible asset with any impairment in carrying value being charged to profit or loss. Goodwill is not systematically amortized and the company reviews goodwill for impairment once a year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that there may be an impairment.

12

I. 

Intangible assets

Separately acquired intangible assets are measured on initial recognition at cost including directly attributable costs. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured on initial recognition at fair value at the acquisition date. Expenditures relating to internally generated intangible assets, excluding capitalized development costs, are recognized in profit or loss when incurred.

Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized over their useful life and reviewed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset are reviewed at least at each year end.

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not systematically amortized and are tested for impairment annually or whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The useful life of these assets are reviewed annually to determine whether such assessment continues to be supportable. If the events and circumstances do not continue to support the assessment, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate and on that date the intangible asset is tested for impairment.

J. 

Impairment of non-financial assets

Impairment tests on goodwill and infinite useful lives assets are undertaken annually on December 31 or sooner when there are indicators of impairment. Other non-financial assets are subject to impairment tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Where the carrying value of the non-financial asset exceeds its recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of value in use and fair value less costs to dispose), the asset is written down and an impairment charge is recognized accordingly in the profit or loss. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the impairment test is performed on the asset's cash-generating level (i.e. the smallest Group of assets to which the asset belongs that generates cash inflow that are largely independent of cash inflows from other assets).

Goodwill is allocated at initial recognition to each of the Group's cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination giving rise to the goodwill. An impairment loss is recognized if the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) is lower than the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units). Any impairment loss is allocated first to goodwill. Impairment losses allocated to goodwill cannot be reversed in subsequent periods. An impairment loss allocated to asset, other than goodwill, is reversed only if there have been changes in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss, as above, is limited to the lower of the carrying amount of the asset that would have been determined (net of depreciation or amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years and the assets recoverable amount. The reversal of an impairment loss of an asset is recognized in profit or loss. Impairment charges are included in general and administrative expenses line item in the statement of comprehensive income. During the years 2023 and 2022 no impairment charges of non-financial assets were recognized.

13

K. 

Fair value measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

A. 

In the principal market for the asset or liability, or

B. 

In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

Classification by fair value hierarchy:

Assets and liabilities presented in the statement of financial position at fair value are grouped into classes with similar characteristics using the following fair value hierarchy which is determined based on the source of input used in measuring fair value:

Level 1 

- 

Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 

- 

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 

- 

Inputs that are not based on observable market data (valuation techniques which use inputs that are not based on observable market data).

L. 

Financial instruments

1. 

Financial assets

The Group classifies its financial assets into one of the following categories, based on the business model for managing the financial asset and its contractual cash flow characteristics. The Group's accounting policy for each category is as follows:

Fair value through profit or loss 

This category comprises in-the-money derivatives and out-of-money derivatives where the time value offsets the negative intrinsic value (see "Financial liabilities" section for out-of-money derivatives classified as liabilities). They are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the finance income or expense line. Other than derivative financial instruments which are not designated as hedging instruments, the Group does not have any assets held for trading nor does it voluntarily classify any financial assets as being at fair value through profit or loss.

14

Amortized cost 

These assets arise principally from the provision of goods and services to customers (e.g. trade receivables), but also incorporate other types of financial assets where the objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest. They are initially recognized at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or issue, and are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for impairment.

Impairment provisions for trade receivables are recognized based on the simplified approach within IFRS 9 using a provision in the determination of the lifetime expected credit losses. During this process the probability of the non-payment of the trade receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from default to determine the lifetime expected credit loss for the trade receivables.

For trade receivables, which are reported net, such provisions are recorded in a separate provision account with the loss being recognized within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. On confirmation that the trade receivable will not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision.

2. 

Financial Liabilities

The Company classifies its financial liabilities into one of two categories, depending on the purpose for which the liability was acquired. The Group's accounting policy for each category is as follows:

Fair value through profit or loss 

This category comprises out-of-the-money derivatives where the time value does not offset the negative intrinsic value (see "Financial assets" for in-the-money derivatives and out-of-money derivatives where the time value offsets the negative intrinsic value). They are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The Group does not hold or issue derivative instruments for speculative purposes, but for hedging purposes. Other than these derivative financial instruments, the Group does not have any liabilities held for trading nor has it designated any financial liabilities as being at fair value through profit or loss.

Other financial liabilities include the following items

Bank borrowings are initially recognized at fair value net of any transaction costs directly attributable to the issue of the instrument. Such interest bearing liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, which ensures that any interest expense over the period to repayment is at a constant rate on the balance of the liability carried in the consolidated statement of financial position. For the purposes of each financial liability, interest expense includes initial transaction costs and any premium payable on redemption, as well as any interest or coupon payable while the liability is outstanding.

15

Trade payables and other short-term monetary liabilities, which are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

3. 

De-recognition

Financial assets 

The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows.

Financial Liabilities 

The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.

M. 

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash equivalents are considered by the Group to be highly-liquid investments, including, inter alia, short-term deposits with banks, the maturity of which do not exceed three months at the time of deposit and which are not restricted.

N. 

Short-term deposits

Short-term bank deposits are deposits with an original maturity of more than three months from the date of investment and which do not meet the definition of cash equivalents. The deposits are presented according to their terms of deposit.

O. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined in respect of specific debts whose collection, in the opinion of the Group's management, is doubtful.

P. 

Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated according to weighted average model. The Company periodically evaluates the condition and age of inventory and makes provisions for slow moving inventory accordingly. The costs reflected are not in excess of the market value.

16

Q. 

Property, plant and equipment

Items of property, plant and equipment are initially recognized at cost including directly attributable costs. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis, over the useful lives of the assets at annual rates as follows:

Rate of depreciation 

Mainly %

Buildings 

3 - 4 % 

3.13

Machinery and equipment 

6 - 20 % 

10

Furniture and office equipment 

6 - 15 % 

6

Computers and related equipment 

10 - 33 % 

33

Motor vehicles 

15 % 

15

Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the term of the expected lease including optional extension, or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter.

R. 

Dividends

Dividends are recognized when they become legally payable. In the case of interim dividends to equity shareholders, this is when declared by the directors. In the case of final dividends, this is when approved by the shareholders at the AGM.

S. 

Employee benefits

1. Short-term employee benefits: Short-term employee benefits are benefits that are expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in which the employees render the related services. These benefits include salaries, paid annual leave, paid sick leave, recreation and social security contributions and are recognized as expenses as the services are rendered. A liability in respect of a cash bonus or a profit-sharing plan is recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to make such payment as a result of past service rendered by an employee and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made.

2. Post-employment benefits: The plans are normally financed by contributions to insurance companies and classified as defined contribution plans or as defined benefit plans. The Company has defined contribution plans pursuant to Section 14 to the Severance Pay Law since 2004 under which the Company pays fixed contributions to a specific fund and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient amounts to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. Contributions to the defined contribution plan in respect of severance or retirement pay are recognized as an expense simultaneously with receiving the employees' services and no additional provision is required in the financial statements except for the unpaid contribution.

17

T. 

Leased assets 

The Group has adopted IFRS 16 retrospectively from 1 January 2019 but has not restated comparatives for the 2018 reporting period, as permitted under the specific transitional provisions in the standard. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from the new leasing rules are therefore recognized in the opening balance sheet on 1 January 2019.

The main impact of adopting the standard is the elimination of requirement on lessees to classify leases as operating lease (off-balance sheet) or finance lease, and they are now required to use a single accounting model for all leases, similarly to how finance leases under IAS 7 are currently accounted for. In agreements where of-use asset and a lease liability upon inception of the lease contract. It does so for all leases in which the Group has right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Accordingly, the Group recognizes depreciation and depreciation charges on the right-of-use asset and tests the need for recognizing impairment of the right-of-use asset in compliance with IAS 36 "Impairment of Assets", and also recognizes finance expenses in relation to a lease liability. Therefore, beginning on first-time adoption, rent expenses relating to properties rented, are now presented as assets that are depreciated through depreciation assets. For all leases, the Group applied the transitional provisions such that it initially recognized a liability at the commencement day at an amount equal to the present value of the lease payments during the lease, discounted using the effective interest rate as of that date, and concurrently recognized a right-of-use asset at an amount identical to the liability. As a result, the standard had no impact on equity and the accumulated losses of the Group as at initial application. As part of the initial application, the Group elected to adopt the following practical expedients, as permitted by the standard:

a. 

The use of a single discount rate for a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics;

b. 

Not separating lease and non-lease components of a contract, and instead accounting for all components as a single lease;

c. 

Excluding initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset as at initial application;

d. 

Use of hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease;

The following new significant accounting policy for agreements in which the Group is the lessee was applied beginning on 1 January 2019 following initial application of the standard:

Right-of-use assets:

The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets comprises the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; and initial direct costs incurred. The recognized right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.

18

Lease liabilities:

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expense in the period on which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

Lease term:

The term of a lease is determined as the non-cancellable period for which a lessee has the right to use an underlying asset, together with both periods covered by an option to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.

Depreciation of a right-of-use asset:

Subsequent to the inception of the lease, a right-of-use asset is measured using the cost method, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, and is adjusted for re-measurements of the lease liability. Depreciation is measured using the straight-line method over the useful life or contractual lease term, whichever ends earlier. Lessees will be also required to re-measure the lease liability upon the occurrence of certain events (e.g., a change in the lease term, a change in future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments). The lessee will recognize the amount of the re-measurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset, until the carrying amount is reduced to zero.

U. 

Share-based payments

Where equity settled share options are awarded to employees, the fair value of the options calculated at the grant date is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over the vesting period. Non-market vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of equity instruments expected to vest at each reporting date so that, ultimately, the cumulative amount recognized over the vesting period is based on the number of options that eventually vest. Market vesting conditions are factored into the fair value of the options granted.

V. 

Taxes on income

Current or deferred taxes are recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that they relate to items which are recognized in other comprehensive income or equity.

19

Current taxes

The current tax liability is measured using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of reporting period as well as adjustments required in connection with the tax liability in respect of previous years.

Deferred taxes

Deferred taxes are computed in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the amounts attributable for tax purposes. Deferred taxes are recognized in Profit or loss, except when they relate to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Deferred taxes are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the temporary differences are reversed in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity, based on tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred taxes in profit or loss represent the changes in the carrying amount of deferred tax balances during the reporting period, excluding changes attributable to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Deferred tax assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is not probable that they will be utilized. In addition, temporary differences (such as carryforward losses) for which deferred tax assets have not been recognized are reassessed and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that their recoverability is probable. Any resulting reduction or reversal is recognized on "income tax" within the statement of comprehensive income. Taxes that would apply in the event of the disposal of investments in investees have not been taken into account, as long as the disposal of such investments is not expected in the foreseeable future and the group has control over such disposal. In addition, deferred taxes that would apply in the event of distribution of dividends have not been taken into account, if distributions of dividends involve an additional tax liability; the Group's policy is not to initiate distribution of dividends that triggers an additional tax liability.

All deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented in the statement of financial position as non-current items. Deferred tax assets are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset a current tax asset against a current tax liability and the deferred tax liabilities relate to the same taxpayer and the same taxation authority.

W. 

Provisions

The Group has recognized provisions for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount including those for warranty claims. The Group generally offers up to eight years warranties on its products. Based on past experience, the Group does not record any provision for warranty of its products and services.

X. 

The period of the operating cycle 

The Company's operating cycle is the time that passes between the purchase of the assets for the purpose of their processing and their disposal for cash of for cash equivalents. The Group's operating cycle in connection with the development, design, manufacture and marketing of power supplies, networking solutions and UPS units that are mainly for military systems and the aerospace industry may continue for a period of approximately one year.

20

The current assets and the current liabilities include items that are designated for sale and which are expected to be sold within the period of the operating cycle of each field of activity in the Group.

Y. 

Critical accounting estimates and judgements 

The Group makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding the future. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. In the future, actual experience may differ from these estimates and assumptions. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

Judgements

a. 

Revenue recognition- .The Group estimates that, based on past experience with similar sales a negligible portion of the products will be returned. As a result the group has recognized revenue for these transactions with no provision for returns.

b. 

Income taxes - The Group is subject to income tax in several jurisdictions and significant judgement is required in determining the provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. As a result, the company recognises tax liabilities based on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest will be due. These tax liabilities are recognised when, despite the company's belief that its tax return positions are supportable, the company believes that certain positions are likely to be challenged and may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. The company believes that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open audit years based on its assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made.

Z. 

Loans 

Loans are recognized initially at their fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Loans are subsequently measured at amortized cost; any difference between the consideration (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognized in the statement of income over the period of the loan using the effective interest method. Loans are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the loans for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period, in which case they are classified as non-current liabilities.

21

AB. New standards, interpretations and amendments adopted from 1 January 2023

a. 

The following amendments are effective for the period beginning January 1, 2023:

a. 

Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements); These amendments have no effect on the measurement or presentation of any items in the Consolidated financial statements of the Company but affect the disclosure of accounting policies of the Company.

b. 

Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors); These amendments had no material effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

c. 

IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction. These amendments had no material effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

b. 

New standards, interpretations and amendments not yet effective:

There are a number of standards and interpretations which have been issued by the International Accounting Standards Board that are effective for periods beginning subsequent to December 31, 2023, that the Company has decided not to adopt early. The Company is currently assessing the impact of these new standards, interpretations and amendments. The Company does not believe that the standards, interpretations and amendments will have a material impact on the financial statements once adopted.

22

NOTE 3 - CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

In U.S. dollars 2,611 1,884 

In other currencies 1,102 976 

Total 3,713 2,860 

NOTE 4 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial Risk Management

The Managing Director has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management framework. The Group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group is exposed to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

i. 

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices will affect the Company's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments.

ii. 

Credit risk

Credit risk arises when a failure by counter parties to discharge their obligations could reduce the amount of future cash inflows from financial assets on hand at the reporting date. The Company has no significant concentration of credit risk. The Company has policies in place to ensure that sales of products and services are made to customers with an appropriate credit history and monitors on a continuous basis the ageing profile of its receivables. Cash balances are held with high credit quality financial institutions and the Company has policies to limit the amount of credit exposure to any financial institution.

iii. 

Trade and other receivables

The Company's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The Company establishes an allowance for impairment that represents its estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables. The main components of this allowance are a specific loss component that relates to individually significant exposures and a collective loss component established for groups of similar assets in respect of losses that have been incurred but not yet identified.

iv. 

Foreign currency risk

Foreign exchange risk arises when Group companies enter into transactions denominated in a currency other than their functional currency. Management does mitigate that risk by holding some cash and cash equivalents and deposit accounts in Israeli NIS. The Company also sell from time to time some forwards on the NIS/$ exchange rate to hedge part of the salaries costs.

23

v. 

Commodity price risk

The Company purchases aluminum on an ongoing basis as its operating activities in the electronic division require a continuous supply of copper for the production of its electronic devices.

vi. 

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that arises when the maturity of assets and liabilities does not match. An unmatched position potentially enhances profitability but can also increase the risk of losses. The Company has procedures with the object of minimizing such losses such as maintaining sufficient cash and other highly liquid current assets and by having available an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.

vii. 

Composition of financial assets

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Trade receivable 20,421 16,622 

Other accounts receivables 1,662 1,352 

Total 22,083 17,974 

NOTE 5 - TRADERECEIVABLES

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Open accounts (*) 20,421 16,622 

Total 20,421 16,622 

(*) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing. They are generally on 30-90 day terms.

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Current 17,147 10,975 

Late payment of up to 3 months 3,246 4,770 

Late payment of more than 3 months 28 877 

Total 20,421 16,622 

24

The Company monitors outstanding accounts receivable and charges off to expense any balances that are determined to be uncollectible or establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts. In reviewing aged receivables, the Company considers their knowledge of customers, historical activity and current economic conditions in establishing the allowance for doubtful accounts.

Factoring of Accounts Receivable (Non-Recourse)

The Company has entered into non-recourse factoring agreements with financial institutions to manage its working capital and improve cash flow. Under these agreements, the Company sells certain trade receivables to financial institutions and receives immediate cash. The financial institutions assume the credit risk associated with the receivables, and the Company has no further obligation to repurchase or guarantee payment of the receivables in the event of default by the customer.

The Company receives approximately 85% to 90% of the face value of the receivables upfront, with the remaining balance (less fees) paid when the financial institutions collect the receivables from the customers.

While the Company is not exposed to the risk of non-payment from customers, the factoring arrangement carries a cost in the form of factoring fees, which can vary depending on the credit quality of the receivables and the terms of the factoring agreements.

The Company monitors the terms and fees associated with factoring to ensure that it remains an effective financing tool for managing liquidity.

Impact on Financial Statements:

The balances netted from account receivables which relate to the factoring activities for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 totaled to, US$ 3,918 thousands and US$3,901 thousands, respectively.

The financial expenses due to the factoring fee and the discount on the receivables for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was US$ 229 thousand and US$ 158 thousand respectively.

Revenues from major customers

Revenues from major customers which each account for 10% or more of total revenues as reported in the financial statements:

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

Customer A - Israel 16.6 % 15.2 %

Customer B - Israel 14.9 % 9.1 %

Customer C - North America 8.9 % 12.3 %

Customer D - North America 5.1 % 2.1 %

Customer E - North America 3.5 % 2.9 %

Customer F - Israel 3.4 % 2.3 %

Other 47.6 % 56.1 %

100 % 100 %

25

NOTE 6 - OTHER ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Prepaid expenses 577 487 

Tax authorities V.A.T 1,019 846 

Other receivables 3 19 

Derivatives Fair Value 63 - 

Total 1,662 1,352 

NOTE 7 - INVENTORIES

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Raw Materials 22,850 25,199 

Products in process 9,585 7,730 

Finished products 4,627 1,894 

Total 37,062 34,823 

NOTE 8 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Buildings 

& 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery & equipment 

Office

furniture 

& equipment 

Computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cost: 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 6,385 3,881 615 2,246 78 13,205 

Acquisitions 33 771 36 234 152 1,226 

Disposals - - 1 4 19 24 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 6,418 4,652 650 2,476 211 14,407 

Accumulated Depreciation: 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 2,941 2,454 271 1,774 73 7,513 

Depreciation for the year 621 481 49 325 20 1,496 

Disposals - - 1 3 18 22 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 3,562 2,935 319 2,096 75 8,987 

Net book value: 

As of December 31, 2023 2,856 1,717 331 380 136 5,420 

26

NOTE 8 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont.)

Buildings 

& 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery & equipment 

Office

furniture 

& equipment 

Computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cost: 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 5,682 3,449 545 1,964 78 11,718 

Acquisitions 703 432 70 287 - 1,492 

Disposals - - - 5 - 5 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 6,385 3,881 615 2,246 78 13,205 

Accumulated Depreciation: 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 2,384 1,992 235 1,460 64 6,135 

Depreciation for the year 557 462 36 316 9 1,380 

Disposals - - - 2 - 2 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 2,941 2,454 271 1,774 73 7,513 

Net book value: 

As of December 31, 2022 3,444 1,427 344 472 5 5,692 

Depreciation of machinery equipment and leasehold improvement and vehicles is charged to cost of revenues. Depreciation of other categories of property, plant and equipment is charged to departments that utilize the relevant assets, primarily in cost of sales and general and administrative expenses.

NOTE 9 LEASES

The Group has lease contracts for buildings and vehicles, Leases of buildings have lease terms between 10 and 15 years, while vehicles have lease terms 3 years. There are several lease contracts that include extension and termination options, management believes that the options on the buildings will be exercised and therefore they have been taken into account in terms of the value of the right of use and the level of the liability.

The Group also has certain leases with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases with low value. The Group applies the short-term lease and lease of low-value assets recognition exemptions for these leases.

Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognized and the movements during the period:

Buildings 

Vehicles 

Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

As of December 31, 2022 4,510 360 4,870 

Additions - 406 406 

Depreciation for the year 1,002 268 1,270 

Disposals 305 51 356 

As of December 31, 2023 3,203 447 3,650 

Buildings 

Vehicles 

Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

As of December 31, 2021 4,853 363 5,216 

Additions 670 313 983 

Depreciation for the year 1,013 270 1,283 

Disposals - 46 46 

As of December 31, 2022 4,510 360 4,870 

27

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (included under "Credit, short-terms loans and current maturities" and "Lease liabilities") borrowings and the movements during the period:

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

As at 1 January 5,441 6,370 

Additions 406 983 

Disposals (356 ) (46 )

Interest expense 212 266 

Payments (1,498 ) (1,589 )

Influence of exchange rate differences (125 ) (543 )

As at 31 December 4,080 5,441 

Current 1,292 1,262 

Non-current 2,788 4,179 

December 31, 2023 

Less than one year 

1 to 2 years 

2 to 3

years 

3 to 4 years 

> 4 

years 

Total 

Lease liabilities 1,453 1,356 864 265 517 4,455 

December 31, 2022 

Less than one year 

1 to 2 years 

2 to 3

years 

3 to 4 years 

> 4 

years 

Total 

Lease liabilities 1,480 1,386 1,306 867 1,076 6,115 

The following are the amounts recognized in profit or loss:

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets 1,270 1,283 

Interest expense on lease liabilities 212 266 

Exchange rate differences (125 ) (543 )

Total amount recognized in profit or loss 1,357 1,006 

28

NOTE 10 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Order backlog 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

As at 1 January 278 611 

Amortization charge (278 ) (333 )

As at 31 December - 278 

The cost of acquisition was allocated to tangible assets, intangible assets and liabilities which were acquired based on their fair value at the time of the acquisition. The intangible assets that recognized were include customer relations and customer backlog which have a finite useful life and are carried at the recognized amount less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected life of the order backlog (3 years).

Goodwill

As part of our annual impairment review in accordance with IAS 36, we have assessed the carrying value of goodwill. The impairment test is based on projected future cash flows and the growth in revenue and profitability of the cash-generating unit (CGU) associated with the goodwill.

For the current reporting period, our analysis indicates that revenue and profit have shown consistent growth. This positive financial performance supports the recoverable amount of the CGU, which exceeds their carrying value. Consequently, no impairment loss has been recognized for the goodwill as of the reporting date.

29

NOTE 11 - DEFERRED INCOME TAXES

Deferred income taxes are calculated on temporary differences under the liability method using the tax rate at the year the deferred taxes are recovered.

The movement in the deferred taxes is as shown below:

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

As at 1 January (5,399 ) (5,831 )

Profit charge (821 ) 432 

As at 31 December (6,220 ) (5,399 )

Deferred tax assets have been recognized in respect of all differences giving rise to deferred tax assets because it is probable that these assets will be recovered.

Composition:

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Depreciable intangibles (7,090 ) (6,429 )

Carryforward tax losses - 340 

Provisions for employee-related obligations 156 150 

Contingent consideration (50 ) (102 )

Intangible assets-order backlog - (42 )

Research and development expenses deductible over 3 years 764 684 

Total (6,220 ) (5,399 )

The deferred income taxes in respect of Group activities in Israel are computed at the tax rate of 16% (see note 17 D). Deferred income taxes of foreign subsidiaries outside Israel are computed at the tax rates applicable to these companies (see note 17 C).

NOTE 12 - BANK CREDIT, SHORT-TERM LOANS AND CURRENT MATURITIES

December 31, 

Interest rate 

2023 

2022 

% 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Bank Credit 

S+2.30% 1,433 1,860 

Short term bank loans 

S+1.60% - S+2.49% 14,700 21,000 

Current maturities In US $ 

S+2.81% 960 960 

Current maturities In US $ 

S+2.10% 5,000 - 

Current maturities In US $ 

2.40% - S+2.75% 3,440 3,440 

Current maturities In US $ 2.81%-2.90% 1,242 1,227 

Total 26,775 28,487 

30

NOTE 13 - OTHER ACCOUNTS PAYABLES

December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Employees' wages and other related liabilities 7,503 7,911 

Accrued expenses 2,099 863 

Seller Debt - - 

Provision for Repairs 135 135 

Advances from Customers 404 387 

Derivatives Fair Value - 252 

Tax authorities, Deduction 74 30 

Others 76 66 

Total 10,291 9,644 

NOTE 14 - LONG-TERM LOANS NET OF CURRENT MATURITIES

December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

US Dollars - unlinked 22,092 27,719 

Less - current maturities (10,642 ) (5,627 )

Total 11,450 22,092 

During December 2020, the Company received long-term bank loans from three different Israeli banks in total of US$ 10.4 million for the purchase of 100% of the share capital of Techaya and funding the working capital increase. The loans are up to 5 years, the repayment on a quarterly basis from March 2021 until December 2025.

In March 2021, the Company received a long-term bank loan of US$ 0.8 million, the loans are up to 4 years, the repayment on a quarterly basis from June 2021 until March 2025.

During November 2021, the Company received long-term bank loans from three different Israeli banks in total of US$ 19.4 million for the financing purposes repayment of capital note and funding the working capital increase. The loans are up to 6 years, the repayment on a quarterly basis from February 2022 until November 2027.

In May 2022, the Company received a long-term bank loan of US$ 5 million, the loans are up to 2 years, the repayment in one payment in May 2024.

31

Composition:

Long term loans (*): 

Currency 

Nominal

interest rate 

Years of

maturity 

Total amount 

Current maturities 

Total long term loans 

Bank loan 

USD 

S+2.10% 2022-2024 5,000 5,000 - 

Bank loan 

USD 

S+2.81% 2020-2025 1,920 960 960 

Bank loan 

USD 2.81% - 2.90% 2020-2025 1,962 1,242 720 

Bank loan 

USD 

2.40% - S+2.75% 2021-2027 13,210 3,440 9,770 

22,092 10,642 11,450 

To secure the loans, given by several banks, the Company granted fixed and floated charges over assets of the Company and in addition has undertaken to comply with the financial covenants to be calculated based on the consolidated financial statements of the Company:

Debt service ratio - The ratio, which is the result of dividing the EBITDA of the Group less CAPEX and current tax expenses by its Current maturities of Long-Term Loans plus current interest expenses, must be at least 1:1.1.

The ratio of the total financial liabilities of the Group net of cash and cash equivalents to EBITDA must not exceed 3.5.

The ratio of the total short term financial liabilities of the Group net of cash and cash equivalents to working capital must not exceed 75%.

Minimum EBITDA - US$ 9 million.

NOTE 15 - SUBSIDIARIES 

A. 

The principal subsidiaries of the Company, all of which have been consolidated in these consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

Name 

Country of incorporation 

Proportion of ownership interest 

Held by

Enercon Technologies Europe AG (former - P.T.E. Production & Trading Enterprises AG) 

Switzerland 100 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Milpower source, Inc. 

United States 100 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Multisphere power solutions Pvt. Ltd* 

India 55 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Mil Power Converter Technologies India Private Limited** 

India 100 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Mil Power Magnetics India Private Limited*** 

India 100 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

Elcatech Development Ltd **** 

Israel 100 % 

Enercon Technologies Ltd.

32

On September 4, 2023 the Company signed an agreement for the purchase of 100% of the share capital of Continental Converters Corporation Pte. Ltd, for a consideration of approximately US$ 2.4 million. The acquisition will be completed upon the earlier of: (i) the sale of all, or substantially all of the shares or assets of the Company; and (ii) upon the provision by Company of a notice to the Seller of the closing of the transactions hereunder, to be provided at any time following the 3rd anniversary of this agreement.

* On September 4, 2023 the Company signed an agreement for the purchase of 45% of the share capital of and Multisphere Power Solutions Pvt. Ltd., for a consideration of approximately US$360 thousands. The acquisition will be completed upon the earlier of: (i) the sale of all, or substantially all of the shares or assets of the Company; and (ii) upon the provision by Company of a notice to the Seller of the closing of the transactions hereunder, be provided at any time following the first anniversary of this agreement.

** On December 21, 2021, the Company signed an agreement with a minority shareholder of Mil Power Converter Technologies India Private Limited to purchase 51% of the share capital, as a result of which the Company received full control over the company and owns 100% of the share capital. On January 4, 2022, the Company paid US$ 172 thousand and March 23, 2022, the shares were transferred to the Company.

On April 25, 2023, the Company invested US$ 122 thousand in share capital of Mil Power Converter Technologies India Private Limited. On May 01, 2023, Mil Power Converter Technologies India Private Limited allotted 160 thousand shares to the Company.

*** In July 2020, the Company has established a new company in India by the name "Mil Power Magnetics India Private Limited" (hereafter- "New Company"). During December 2020, the New Company has started commencing operations, as of December 31, 2022, these activities have been transferred to Mil Power Converter Technologies India Private Limited and New company is currently inactive.

**** In December 2020, the Company has finalized the purchase of Techaya. Techaya Group includes Techaya (parent company), which holds 100% of Elcatech 100% fully owned subsidiary. As a result of the purchase, the Company acquired full ownership of Techaya. Since January 2021 Elcatech is inactive company. On November 28, 2021, a merger agreement was signed between Techaya Ltd and the Company. Under this agreement, all assets and/or liabilities of Techaya Ltd of any kind as of January 1, 2022, were transferred to the Company and Techaya Ltd will be liquidated and deleted from the Registrar of Israeli Companies' registers, all in accordance with the provisions of Part Eight of the Israeli Companies Law, 5769-1999 and subject to section 103C of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance.

33

B. 

Balances of non-controlling interest:

December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Multisphere power solutions Pvt. Ltd 96 88 

Total 96 88 

C. 

Income attributable to non-controlling interests:

December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Multisphere power solutions Pvt. Ltd 8 21 

Total 8 21 

NOTE 16 - SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

An Option Plan was adopted by the Company at the shareholders meeting held on June 14, 2016. On December 1, 2023, and on March 1, 2022, additional 80 thousands and 95 thousands options grant was approved respectively, at the board meetings according to the conditions above. The vesting period of the options is mainly 4 years. An approval for the replacement of plans was received from the tax authorities on January 7, 2015, providing the Company, the employees and the trustee of the plan to submit the documentation required within 60 days from approval. Unexercised options expire seven years after date of the grant after which they will be void. Options are forfeited when the employee leaves the Company. The options were granted as part of a plan that was adopted in accordance with the provision of section 102 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance. On April 30, 2023, the board of directors of the Company decided to change the options plan of the Company so that the expiration date of the options was extended from a period of 7 years from the date the options were granted to a period of 12 years from the day the options were granted. As a result of the above decision, the additional fair value of the options amounted to US$ 290 thousand.

34

The weighted average fair value of the options was estimated using a Black and Scholes option pricing model based on the following significant data and assumptions:

2023 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2016 

Share price (dollar) 12.13 12.13 12.13 7.56 0.76 0.76 0.69 0.67 

Expected volatility 74 % 74 % 74 % 74 % 74 % 74 % 74 % 74 %

Expected average life (years) 4.50 4.34 4.62 4.31 4.27 4.32 4.21 3.88 

Risk free rate 3.89 % 0.62 % 0.62 % 0.62 % 0.62 % 0.62 % 0.62 % 0.62 %

Exercise price (dollar) 12.13 10.69 12.13 7.56 0.76 0.76 0.69 0.67 

Fair value of the options 8.73 7.29 7.03 4.38 0.44 0.44 0.39 0.37 

The expense recognized in the financial statements for employee services received for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was US$ 719 thousands and US$ 452 thousands respectively.

The following table lists the number of share options, the weighted average exercise prices of share options and modification in employee option plans during the current year:

2023 

2023 

2022 

2022 

weighted average exercise price 

Number 

weighted average exercise price 

Number 

$ 

$ 

Outstanding at beginning of year 2.51 985,000 2.31 1,035,000 

Changes during the year: 

Granted during the year 12.13 80,000 10.69 95,000 

Exercised during the year - - 7.56 115,000 

Forfeited during the year 12.13 10,000 3.47 30,000 

Outstanding at the end of the year 3.15 1,055,000 2.51 985,000 

Exercisable at the end of the year 2.12 940,000 1.58 881,250 

The weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding as of December 31, 2023, was 3.28 years.

NOTE 17 - INCOME TAX 

Details regarding the tax environment of the Group:

A. 

General

The Group is incorporated in various countries where income is basically taxed at statutory rates. Certain subsidiaries benefit from tax incentives or are subject to specific tax rulings.

35

B. 

Corporate taxation in Israel

The income of the Company (other than income from "preferred enterprises) is taxed at the regular corporate tax rate in Israel 23%.

C. 

Subsidiaries outside Israel

Subsidiaries that are incorporated outside of Israel are assessed for tax under the tax laws in their respective countries of residence. The principal tax rates applicable to subsidiaries outside Israel are as follows:

Company incorporated in the Switzerland The weighted tax rate is about 12% (composed of Federal, Cantonal and Municipal tax).

Company incorporated in the USA tax rate of 21%.

Company incorporated in India tax rate is about 25%.

D. 

Encouragement Laws in Israel

Benefits under the Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments - 1959

On December 29, 2010 the Knesset approved the Economic Policy Law for 2011-2012, which includes an amendment to the Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments 1959 (hereinafter the Amendment). The Amendment is effective from January 1, 2011 and its provisions apply to preferred income derived or accrued in 2011 and thereafter by a preferred company, per the definition of these terms in the Amendment. The Law for Change of National Priorities (Legislative Amendments for Achieving the Budgetary Goals for 2013-2014), 2013, which was published in the official gazette on August 5, 2013, enacts among other things, the increase of the tax rate applicable to preferred income to the effect that commencing tax year 2014 and thereafter the tax rate on the income of preferred enterprises of a qualifying Company in Development Zone. A as stated in the Encouragement Law shall increase to 9% (instead of 7% in 2013) and for companies located in zones other than Zone A the rate shall increase to 16% (instead of 12.5%). In addition, the tax rate on dividends distributed on January 1, 2014 and thereafter originating from preferred income under the Encouragement Law will be raised to 20% (instead of 15%).

Therefore, the applicable corporate tax rate for 2014 and hereafter is 16%.

E. 

Income tax assessments for the presented period

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Current taxes: 

For the reported year income 2,892 430 

Deferred taxes: 

Creation and reversal of deferred taxes 927 424 

Total 3,819 854 

Current taxes are computed in accordance with the statutory tax rates of Group entities around the world (see above) and in accordance with relevant tax benefits for each country.

36

F. 

Tax Assessments

The Company, Techaya and Elcatech haves final tax assessments until 2018 for the purpose of ITA (Israeli Tax Authorities). Milpower source, Inc. has been assessed by the IRS (US Tax Authorities) for year 2015. Techaya has been assessed for withholding tax by the ITA (Israeli Tax Authorities) for years 2015-2018, VAT for years 2017-2021 and NII (Israeli National Insurance Institute) for years 2015-2018. The Company has been assessed for withholding tax by the ITA (Israeli Tax Authorities) for years 2018-2021.

NOTE 18 - SHARE CAPITAL

Composition:

Authorized 

2023 

2022 

Number 

NIS 

Number 

NIS 

Ordinary shares of NIS 0.01 each 20,000,000 200,000 20,000,000 200,000 

Issued and fully paid 

2023 

2022 

Number 

NIS 

Number 

NIS 

Ordinary shares of NIS 0.01 each 10,217,497 102,175 10,102,497 101,025 

Changes during the year 

Exercise of options to share capital - - 115,000 1,150 

At end of the year 10,217,497 102,175 10,217,497 102,175 

NOTE 19 LIENS AND GUARANTEES 

A. Liens:

The Company has mortgaged to banks, by a first-degree fixed lien and assignment by lien (accordingly) to an unlimited amount, the company's outstanding share capital, both current and future including shares not yet called or repaid,, its goodwill, both current and future, deposit accounts, the debts they represent and all cash and securities deposited in them; Additionally, the company has mortgaged by a first- degree floating charge, first-degree to an unlimited amount, the entire company enterprise and all the company's rights, assets and property, for every types and kinds, in any location in which they are located, current and future.

B. Guarantees

1. The Group has guarantees in favor of the lessors in the amount of $194 thousand.

2. The Group has guarantees in favor of governance authorities in the amount of $664 thousand.

3. The Group has guarantees in favor of her clients in the amount of $29 thousand.

The guarantees are mainly to guarantee performance of agreements signed.

37

NOTE 20 - COST OF SALES 

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Payroll and related expenses 19,986 21,283 

Materials consumed 22,611 23,103 

Materials consumed- mechanic 4,491 4,868 

Subcontractors 2,478 1,262 

Deliveries and customs 1,077 715 

Depreciation and amortization 2,485 2,488 

Other production expenses 4,082 3,892 

57,210 57,611 

Increase in inventory (2,239 ) (4,270 )

Total cost of sales 54,971 53,341 

NOTE 21 - RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Payroll and related expenses 4,803 6,090 

Other 493 451 

Total 5,296 6,541 

NOTE 22 SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Payroll and related expenses 7,196 4,794 

Commissions 729 652 

Travel 409 299 

Consultants 65 116 

Others 1,047 849 

Total 9,446 6,710 

38

NOTE 23 - GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Payroll and related expenses 2,703 2,741 

Consultants and Professional services 551 665 

Management fees 237 240 

Travel 97 107 

Legal fees 54 48 

Others 471 411 

Total 4,113 4,212 

NOTE 24 - FINANCE EXPENSES AND INCOMES, NET

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Finance expense 

Interest on loans 3,290 1,869 

Foreign exchange loss 24 213 

Interest and bank commissions 651 568 

Loss from financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss 158 1,560 

4,123 4,210 

Finance income 

Foreign exchange gain 206 2,584 

Interest and other finance 98 64 

Total 3,819 1,562 

NOTE 25- TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

December 31, 

2023 2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Trade payables 7 7 

The Company andFortissimo Capital Management (MC) Ltd (herein "Fortissimo") signed a management services agreement whereby Fortissimo through its employees, officers and directors will advise and assists to the Company's management on matters concerning the affairs and business of the Company, Following the agreement Fortissimo has the right to receive annual Management services fee equal to US$ 240 thousand.

Year ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Management fees 240 240 

Payroll to directors 84 89 

39

NOTE 26 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

A. 

On September 18, 2024, Bel Fuse Inc.("Bel) entered into a definitive agreement (the "SPA") with the Company's shareholder(the "FF3") to acquire a majority stake in the Company, based on an enterprise value of US$ 400 million. Under the terms of the SPA, Bel will acquire an 80% stake upfront for US$ 320 million in cash (subject to customary adjustments), plus up to US$ 10 million of potential earnout payments for the 2025-2026 period, with the intent to purchase the remaining 20% by early 2027 based on future EBITDA performance. The acquisition was completed on November 14, 2024 (The "Closing").

On November 8, 2024, a Notice of Substitute Purchaser was executed, substituting Bel Power Solutions s.r.o. as the purchaser under the SPA.

B. 

Following the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement ("SPA") with Bel. on November 14, 2024, the following events occurred:

1. 

Pre-existing agreements were activated and amended (See note 15):

Continental Converters Corporation Pte. Ltd.

o 

Amendments on September 23, 2024, and October 22, 2024, increased the consideration by approximately US$ 3 million and required the amount to be transferred to an escrow account.

o 

On October 31, 2024, the adjusted consideration was deposited into the escrow account held by ESOP Trust & Management Services Ltd.

Multisphere Power Solutions Pvt. Ltd.:

o 

Amended on October 22, 2024, requiring the consideration to be transferred to an escrow account.

o 

On October 31, 2024, the adjusted consideration was deposited into the escrow account held by ESOP Trust & Management Services Ltd.

2. 

At the Closing, 80% of all the outstanding and unexercised Vested Company Options that are in the money were canceled and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash. All unvested Company Options were canceled at the Closing for no consideration. The remaining 20% of the outstanding and unexercised vested Company Options shall continue to be outstanding.

40

3. 

At the Closing, the Company repaid all long and short bank loans, US$ 12,862 thousand and US$ 6,000 thousand respectively, and its accrued interest. Following the repayment, all lines were removed (see note 14).

4. 

On November 14, 2024, the Company received two loans from related parties: US$ 19,781 thousand from Bel Power Solutions S.R.O. and US$ 4,945 thousand from FF3 HOLDINGS, L.P. Both loans carry an interest rate of 8% per annum. The repayment date of both loans will be the later of (i) 31 March 2027, and (ii) expiry of the Deferred Exercise Period, or, or, if Bel acquires the remaining 20% of the company's shares before these dates, the Maturity Date will be the date of such acquisition.

C. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company signed an agreement to purchase of 100% of the share capital of Enercon Technologies Europe GmbH (Former: Youco B24-H208 Vorrats-GmbH)., for a consideration of approximately US$ 30 thousands. As of the date of this report, the Company has no intention of initiating any activity in the new subsidiary.

D. 

On January 15, 2024, the Company signed an agreement with Cellcom Israel Ltd. Under the terms of this agreement, the Company will lease an additional area of 521 square meters in Netanya, from January 15, 2024, until July 31, 2026. The Company will pay the Lessor a monthly rental fee of 48 New Israeli Shekels per square meter and a management fee of 8 New Israeli Shekels per square meter, both linked to the Israeli Consumer Price Index.

41
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_770400.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
ex_770400.htm

Exhibit 99.2

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTENBER 30, 2024

1

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF: 

Financial Position 

3-4

Comprehensive Income 

5

Changes in Equity 

6-7

Cash Flows 

8-9

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements 

10-15

2

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF 30 SEPTEMBER 2024

As of September 30, 

As of December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 3,489 3,713 

Short-term deposit 234 129 

Short-term restricted cash 358 532 

Trade receivables 25,130 20,421 

Other accounts receivable 2,225 1,662 

Income taxes receivable - 575 

Inventories 39,473 37,062 

70,909 64,094 

Non-Current Assets 

Restricted Cash 104 48 

Long-term prepaid expenses 72 45 

Deferred tax assets 7 36 

Property, plant and equipment 5,755 5,420 

Right-of-use assets 4 3,228 3,650 

Goodwill 60,469 60,466 

69,635 69,665 

TOTAL ASSETS 140,544 133,759 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

3

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF30 SEPTEMBER 2024

As of September 30, 

As of December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Credit, short-term loans and current maturities 5 9,144 26,775 

Current maturities of lease liabilities 1,462 1,292 

Trade payables 9,359 7,201 

Income taxes payable 2,588 85 

Advances from customers 3,318 404 

Employees' wages and other related liabilities 5,204 7,503 

Other accounts payable 1,751 2,384 

32,826 45,644 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Long-term loans net of current maturities 6 7,710 11,450 

Lease liabilities 2,102 2,788 

Deferred income tax liabilities 6,594 6,220 

16,406 20,458 

Equity attributable to owners of the parent 

Share capital 7,748 7,562 

Reserve from share-based payment transactions 3 2,108 1,889 

Capital reserve from transactions with minority (180 ) (180 )

Retained earnings 81,416 58,290 

91,092 67,561 

Non-controlling interests 220 96 

91,312 67,657 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 140,544 133,759 

The interim condensed consolidated financial statements were authorized to be published by management on December 31, 2024.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

4

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024

For the nine months ended September 30, 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Note 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Revenues 8 89,783 69,836 30,067 25,095 

Cost of sales 46,861 40,664 15,385 13,956 

Gross profit 42,922 29,172 14,682 11,139 

Research and development expenses 4,390 4,004 1,515 1,291 

Selling and marketing expenses 5,953 7,188 2,088 2,505 

General and administrative expenses 3,863 2,965 1,612 995 

Profit from operations 28,716 15,015 9,467 6,348 

Other expenses (income) (3 ) (29 ) - - 

Finance expenses 1,870 3,252 515 1,050 

Finance income (1,068 ) (1,425 ) (12 ) (669 )

Profit before income tax 27,917 13,217 8,964 5,967 

Taxes on income 4,667 1,896 1,453 818 

Net profit for the period 23,250 11,321 7,511 5,149 

Other comprehensive income - - - - 

Total comprehensive income for the period 23,250 11,321 7,511 5,149 

Total comprehensive income attributable to: 

Equity holders of the company 23,126 11,349 7,530 5,164 

Non-controlling interest 124 (28 ) (19 ) (15 )

23,250 11,321 7,511 5,149 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements

5

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024

U.S dollars in thousands

Share capital 

Reserve from share-based payment transactions 

Capital reserve from transactions with non-controlling interest 

Retained earnings 

Total attributable to owners of the parent 

Non-controlling interest 

Total

equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 7,536 1,196 (180 ) 44,028 52,580 88 52,668 

Changes during 2023: 

Forfeit of ESOP 26 (26 ) - - - - - 

Share based payment - 307 - - 307 - 307 

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 11,349 11,349 (28 ) 11,321 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 7,562 1,477 (180 ) 55,377 64,236 60 64,296 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 7,562 1,889 (180 ) 58,290 67,561 96 67,657 

Changes during 2024: 

Exercise of ESOP 186 (78 ) - - 108 - 108 

Share based payment - 297 - - 297 - 297 

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 23,126 23,126 124 23,250 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 7,748 2,108 (180 ) 81,416 91,092 220 91,312 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

6

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THREE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024

U.S dollars in thousands

Share capital 

Reserve from share-based payment transactions 

Capital reserve from transactions with non-controlling interest 

Retained earnings 

Total attributable to owners of the parent 

Non-controlling interest 

Total

equity 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 7,562 1,393 (180 ) 50,213 58,988 75 59,063 

Changes during 2023: 

Share based payment - 84 - - 84 - 84 

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 5,164 5,164 (15 ) 5,149 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 7,562 1,477 (180 ) 55,377 64,236 60 64,296 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 7,748 2,023 (180 ) 73,886 83,477 239 83,716 

Changes during 2024: 

Share based payment - 85 - - 85 - 85 

Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 7,530 7,530 (19 ) 7,511 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 7,748 2,108 (180 ) 81,416 91,092 220 91,312 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

7

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024

For the nine months ended September 30,

2024 2023 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Profit for the year 23,250 11,321 

Adjustments for: 

Depreciation and amortization 2,267 2,320 

Equity settled share-based payment expense 297 307 

Loss (profit) from sale of property, plant and equipment (3 ) (4 )

Loss (profit) from other current financial assets (14 ) (230 )

Taxes on income 4,667 1,896 

Other financial expenses 1,537 2,559 

32,001 18,169 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in trade receivables (4,709 ) (5,991 )

Increase in other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses (576 ) (157 )

Increase in inventories (2,411 ) (2,969 )

Increase in trade payables 2,158 1,857 

Increase (decrease) in other accounts payable (18 ) 1,063 

(5,556 ) (6,197 )

Cash from operating activities 26,445 11,972 

Interest paid (1,604 ) (2,826 )

Taxes paid (1,186 ) (809 )

Net cash from operating activities 23,655 8,337 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

8

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024 (Cont.)

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 2023 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment (1,583 ) (979 )

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 4 6 

Short-term deposit (105 ) (236 )

Restricted deposit 118 68 

Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired (3 ) - 

Net Cash used in investing activities (1,569 ) (1,141 )

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Short-term credit from banks (12,141 ) (2,309 )

Repayment of lease liabilities (1,047 ) (981 )

Long-term Loans repayment (9,230 ) (4,219 )

Exercise of ESOP 108 - 

Net Cash used in financing activities (22,310 ) (7,509 )

Decrease (increase) in cash and cash equivalents (224 ) (313 )

Balance of cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year 3,713 2,860 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 3,489 2,547 

Supplemental cash flow activities 

Non-cash transactions: 

Net lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets (600 ) - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

9

ENERCON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.

NOTES FORMING PART OF THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP AND ITS OPERATIONS

A. 

Enercon Technologies Ltd. (hereafter the Company) founded in November 2014. The Company itself and through its subsidiaries ("Enercon or the "Group") develops, designs, manufactures and markets custom power supplies, UPS units and networking solutions that are designed for extreme conditions and are mainly for military, aerospace and civilian aircrafts applications (used for applications in radars, land systems, aircrafts, and missiles) through its manufacturing facilities in Israel, U.S, and India. The Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Israel. The address of its registered office is, 27 Yad Harutzim St., Netanya Industrial Area. The Companys controlling shareholder is Fortissimo Capital Fund.

B. 

Impact of the Swords of Iron War on the Company:

Starting from October 7, 2023, following the attacks on Israel and the security situation, the State of Israel has been in a state of war known as the 'Iron Swords War'. The war has led to a slowdown in the Israeli economy and if this war continues for a prolonged period, then it may begin to impact the Company. Despite this, the Company has continued to operate without interruption, although it has faced challenges including increased transportation costs and employee recruitment for reserve duty. As of the date of this report, and to the best of the Companys knowledge, the war has not had a significant effect on it. The Company continues to closely monitor the situation and its potential impact on operations.

NOTE 2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PREPARATION

A. 

Basis of presentation 

The interim condensed financial information has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The results for the interim period are unaudited and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results for the period ended 30 September 2024. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information and disclosures that are required for the annual financial statements and must be read in conjunction with the Groups annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

B. 

Estimates and assumptions

The estimates and assumptions applied in the preparation of these interim financial statements are consistently applied with those used in the preparation of the annual financial statements.

C. 

Basis of preparation of consolidated interim financial statements

The accounting policy of the group, as summarized in these interim consolidated financial statements, is consistent with the policy applied in the annual financial statements.

10

D. 

Functional and reporting currency

The financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars except where otherwise indicated. The Group's management believes that the U.S. dollar is the primary currency of the economic environment in which the Group operates.

E. 

New and amended accounting standards and interpretations

The following amendments became effective as at January 1, 2024:

1. Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants;

The adoption of the above amendments to EU-adopted IFRS did not result in any material changes to the Groups accounting policies and did not have any material impact on the financial position or performance of the Group. Other amendments coming into effect on 1 January 2024 are assessed to have no impact on the Groups operations.

11

NOTE 3 - SHARE-BASED PAYMENT 

September 30, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2023 

2023 

2023 

weighted average exercise price 

Number 

weighted average exercise price 

Number 

$ 

$ 

Outstanding at beginning of period 3.15 1,055,000 2.51 985,000 

Changes during the period: 

Granted during the period - - 12.13 80,000 

Exercised during the period 1.96 55,000 - - 

Forfeited during the period - - 12.13 10,000 

Outstanding at the end of the period 3.21 1,000,000 3.15 1,055,000 

Exercisable at the end of the period 2.49 920,940 2.12 940,000 

NOTE 4 LEASES

The Group has lease contracts for buildings and vehicles, Leases of buildings have lease terms between 10 and 15 years, while vehicles have lease terms 3 years. There are several lease contracts that include extension and termination options, management believes that the options on the buildings will be exercised and therefore they have been taken into account in terms of the value of the right of use and the level of the liability.

The Group also has certain leases with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases with low value. The Group applies the short-term lease and lease of low-value assets recognition exemptions for these leases.

o 

On January 15, 2024, the Company signed an agreement with Cellcom Israel Ltd. According to the agreement the Company will lease an additional area of 521 square meters in Netanya, from January 15, 2024 until July 31, 2026. The value of the right of use asset is approximately US$ 233 thousand.

12

NOTE 5 - BANK CREDIT, SHORT-TERM LOANS AND CURRENT MATURITIES

September 30, 

December 31, 

Interest rate 

2024 

2023 

% 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Bank Credit 

S+2.30% 1,992 1,433 

Short term bank loans 

S+1.60% - S+2.49% 2,000 14,700 

Current maturities In US $ 

S+2.81% 960 960 

Current maturities In US $ 

S+2.10% - 5,000 

Current maturities In US $ 

2.40% - S+2.75% 3,340 3,440 

Current maturities In US $ 2.81%-2.90% 852 1,242 

Total 9,144 26,775 

NOTE 6 - LONG-TERM LOANS NET OF CURRENT MATURITIES

The Company did not incur any new loans during the reporting period.

September 30, December 31, 

2024 2023 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

US Dollars - unlinked 12,862 22,092 

Less - current maturities (5,152 ) (10,642 )

Total 7,710 11,450 

Composition:

Long term loans (*): 

Currency 

Nominal

interest rate 

Years of

maturity 

Total amount 

Current maturities 

Total long term loans 

Bank loan 

USD 

S+2.81% 2020-2025 1,200 960 240 

Bank loan 

USD 2.81% - 2.90% 2020-2025 1,032 852 180 

Bank loan 

USD 

2.40% - S+2.75% 2021-2027 10,630 3,340 7,290 

12,862 5,152 7,710 

NOTE 7 - SUBSIDIARIES 

On June 28, 2024 the Company acquired 100% of the share capital of Enercon Technologies Europe GmbH (Former: "Youco B24-H208 Vorrats-GmbH"), for approximately US$ 30 thousand. As of the reporting date, the company does not intend to initiate any activity in the subsidiary.

13

NOTE 8 - REVENUES

Revenues from major customers

Revenues from major customers which each account for 5% or more of total revenues as reported in the financial statements:

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Customer A - Israel 21.8 % 26.1 % 16.8 % 12.7 %

Customer B - North America 7.2 % 6.9 % 6.2 % 9.5 %

Customer C - Israel 6.2 % 7.3 % 15.3 % 17.3 %

Customer D - North America 6.0 % 3.7 % 6.4 % 8.3 %

Customer E - Israel 5.1 % 4.9 % 2.6 % 3.5 %

Other 53.7 % 51.1 % 52.7 % 48.7 %

100 % 100 % 100 % 100 %

NOTE 9 - TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

September 30, December 31, 

2024 2023 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Trade payables 36 7 

The Company andFortissimo Capital Management (MC) Ltd (herein "Fortissimo") signed a management services agreement whereby Fortissimo through its employees, officers, and directors will advise and assists to the Company's management on matters concerning the affairs and business of the Company, Following the agreement Fortissimo has the right to receive annual Management services fee equal to US$ 240 thousand.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 

U.S. dollars in thousands 

Management fees 180 60 180 60 

Payroll to directors 61 20 61 20 

Rent and management fees (Cellcom) 820 273 757 251 

Municipality tax and water (Cellcom) 151 50 141 46 

Electricity (Cellcom) 180 97 158 77 

Phone (Cellcom) 1 - 2 1 

14

NOTE 10- SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND TRANSACTION DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD AND SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

A. 

On September 18, 2024, Bel Fuse Inc.("Bel") entered into a definitive agreement (the "SPA") with Company shareholders (the "FF3") to acquire a majority stake in the Company based on an enterprise value of US$ 400 million. Under the terms of the SPA, Bel will acquire an 80% stake upfront for US$ 320 million in cash (subject to customary adjustments), plus up to US$ 10 million of potential earnout payments for the 2025-2026 period, with the option to purchase the remaining 20% by early 2027 based on future EBITDA performance. The acquisition was completed on November 14, 2024 (The "Closing"). On November 8, 2024, a Notice of Substitute Purchaser was executed, substituting Bel Power Solutions s.r.o. as the purchaser under the SPA.

B. 

Following the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement ("SPA") with Bel. on November 14, 2024, the following events occurred:

1. 

Pre-existing agreements were activated and amended:

Continental Converters Corporation Pte. Ltd.

o 

Amendments on October 22, 2024, requiring consideration to be transferred to an escrow account.

o 

On October 31, 2024, the adjusted consideration was deposited into the escrow account held by ESOP Trust & Management Services Ltd.

Multisphere Power Solutions Pvt. Ltd.:

o 

Amended on October 22, 2024, requiring the consideration to be transferred to an escrow account.

o 

On October 31, 2024, the adjusted consideration was deposited into the escrow account held by ESOP Trust & Management Services Ltd.

2. 

At the Closing, 80% of all the outstanding and unexercised Vested Company Options that are in the money were canceled and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash. All unvested Company Options were canceled at the Closing for no consideration. The remaining 20% of the outstanding and unexercised vested Company Options shall continue to be outstanding.

3. 

At the Closing, the Company repaid all long and short bank loans, US$ 12,862 thousand and US$ 6,000 thousand respectively, and its accrued interest. Following the repayment, all lines were removed (see notes 6,7).

4. 

On November 14, 2024, the Company received two loans from related parties: US$ 19,781 thousand from Bel Power Solutions S.R.O. and US$ 4,945 thousand from FF3 HOLDINGS, L.P. Both loans carry an interest rate of 8% per annum. The repayment date of both loans will be the later of (i) 31 March 2027, and (ii) expiry of the Deferred Exercise Period, or if Bel acquires the remaining 20% of the company's shares before these dates, the Maturity Date will be the date of such acquisition

C. 

On January 15, 2024, the Company signed an agreement with Cellcom Israel Ltd. According to the agreement the Company will lease an additional area of 521 square meters in Netanya, from January 15, 2024 until July 31, 2026. The Company will pay the lessor a monthly rental fee of 48 New Israeli Shekels per square meter and a management fee of 8 New Israeli Shekels per square meter, both linked to the Israeli Consumer Price Index.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_770401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
ex_770401.htm

Exhibit 99.3

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Transaction Background

On September 18, 2024, Bel Fuse Inc. (Bel, the Company, we, us or our) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement), with Enercon Technologies, Ltd. (Enercon), FF3 Holdings, L.P., for itself and as Sellers Representative (FF3), and each of the other seller parties signatory thereto (together with FF3, each a Seller and collectively, the Sellers). The transaction contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (referred to collectively herein as the Transaction or the acquisition) closed on November 14, 2024 (the Closing Date). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date (and deemed effective solely for accounting purposes as of November 1, 2024), Bel acquired from the Sellers 80% of the issued and outstanding share capital of Enercon on a fully-diluted basis for (i) a cash purchase price of $320 million (subject to customary adjustments), plus (ii) up to $10 million in potential earnout payments for the 2025-2026 period (the Earnout Payments), as further described below. Bel may acquire the remaining 20% stake in Enercon and has the current intention to so purchase such remaining interest by early 2027 in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Shareholders Agreement.

At the closing, Bel paid an aggregate of approximately $324.1 million in cash in respect of the cash purchase price (after giving effect to estimated adjustments taken at closing including for Enercons cash, indebtedness, net working capital and unpaid transaction costs, and subject to further adjustment post-closing) and Enercon recognized a seller note of $4.9 million. Bel funded the closing of the Transaction through cash on hand of approximately $85.6 million and with approximately $238.5 million provided through incremental borrowings under the Companys revolving credit facility, as amended in connection with the Transaction.

The potential Earnout Payments may become payable of up to $5 million for each of the fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026 earnout periods (each, an Earnout Period), subject to Enercons achievement of certain specified EBITDA targets for each respective Earnout Period, as calculated and determined in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. In the event that (i) the target for the respective Earnout Period has been achieved, the full $5 million Earnout Payment for the Earnout Period shall be payable, or (ii) achievement for the respective Earnout Period is at least 90% of the target level but less than 100% of the target level, then the amount payable in respect of the Earnout Payment for such Earnout Period shall be $2.5 million. In the event that achievement for the respective Earnout Period is less than 90% of the target level, no Earnout Payment shall be due for such period.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information below has been prepared to illustrate the effect of Bels acquisition of Enercon, as further described above. The following pro forma financial information is based on our historical consolidated financial statements and the historical financial statements of Enercon and is intended to provide you with information about how the Transaction might have affected our historical consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet had the Transaction closed as of January 1, 2023. Our preliminary purchase price has been allocated to the respective assets and liabilities based on current estimates and currently available information and is subject to revision based on final determinations of fair value and the final allocation of purchase price to the assets and liabilities of Enercon.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, give effect to the acquisition and the financing obtained to fund the acquisition as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2023. The pro forma balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 gives effect to the acquisition and the financing obtained to fund the acquisition as if the transaction had occurred on September 30, 2024. The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to give effect to or remove the effect of events that are directly attributable to the acquisition and are factually supportable. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not reflect any of Bel managements expectations for revenue enhancements, cost savings from the combined companies operating efficiencies, synergies or other restructurings, or the costs and related liabilities that would be incurred to achieve such revenue enhancements, cost savings from operating efficiencies, synergies or restructurings, which could result from the acquisition.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the pro forma condensed combined financial information. Such notes describe the assumptions and estimates related to the unaudited adjustments to the pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The pro forma financial information below is based on available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable. The pro forma financial information is for illustrative and informational purposes only and is not intended to represent or be indicative of what our results of operations would have been had the Transaction occurred on the date indicated. The pro forma financial information also should not be considered representative of our future financial condition or results of operations.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Bel Fuse Inc. 

Enercon 

Transaction 

(as reported) 

IFRS (as reported) 

U.S. GAAP Adjustments 

U.S. GAAP 

Accounting Adjustments 

Note 

Pro Forma Combined 

ASSETS 

(Note 1) 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 134,266 $ 3,489 $ - $ 3,489 $ (85,971 ) 

3b $ 51,784 

Held to maturity U.S. Treasury securities 29,541 - - - - 29,541 

Accounts receivable, net 75,998 25,130 - 25,130 - 101,128 

Inventories 124,885 39,473 - 39,473 2,395 

3a 166,753 

Unbilled receivables 5,312 - - - - 5,312 

Assets held for sale 2,061 - - - - 2,061 

Other current assets 15,586 2,817 - 2,817 950 

3c 19,353 

Total current assets 387,649 70,909 - 70,909 (82,626 ) 375,932 

Property, plant and equipment, net 36,735 5,755 - 5,755 3,697 

3a 46,187 

Right-of-use assets 22,901 3,228 303 3,531 - 26,432 

Related party note receivable 3,070 - - - - 3,070 

Equity method investment 10,014 - - - - 10,014 

Intangible assets, net 45,850 - - - 189,700 

3a 235,550 

Goodwill, net 26,922 60,469 - 60,469 100,452 

3a 187,843 

Deferred income taxes 16,612 7 - 7 1,516 3j 18,135 

Other assets 34,664 176 - 176 950 

3c 35,790 

Total assets $ 584,417 $ 140,544 $ 303 $ 140,847 $ 213,689 $ 938,953 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Bel Fuse Inc. 

Enercon 

Transaction 

(as reported) 

IFRS (as reported) 

U.S. GAAP Adjustments 

U.S. GAAP 

Accounting Adjustments 

Note 

Pro Forma Combined 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 1) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 37,139 $ 9,359 $ - $ 9,359 $ - $ 46,498 

Accrued expenses 42,109 10,273 - 10,273 6,592 

3j 58,974 

Operating lease liabilities, current 6,451 1,462 43 1,505 - 7,956 

Credit, short-term loans and current maturities - 9,144 - 9,144 (9,144 ) 

3e - 

Other current liabilities 11,188 2,588 - 2,588 1,899 

3d 15,675 

Total current liabilities 96,887 32,826 43 32,869 (653 ) 129,103 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Long-term debt 60,000 7,710 - 7,710 232,290 

3e 300,000 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term 16,808 2,102 - 2,102 - 18,910 

Liability for uncertain tax positions 18,225 - - - - 18,225 

Minimum pension obligation and unfunded pension liability 20,268 - - - - 20,268 

Deferred income taxes 1,320 6,594 - 6,594 - 7,914 

Other long-term liabilities 3,547 - - - 6,346 

3d,3n 9,893 

Total liabilities 217,055 49,232 43 49,275 237,983 504,313 

Commitments and contingencies* 

Non-controlling interest (temporary equity) - - - - 72,354 

3f 72,354 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock - - - - - - 

Class A common stock 212 - - - - 212 

Class B common stock 1,046 - - - - 1,046 

Treasury stock (16,507 ) - - - - (16,507 )

Additional paid-in capital 47,064 9,896 - 9,896 (9,896 ) 

3k 47,064 

Retained earnings 347,702 81,416 260 81,676 (86,752 ) 

3k,3j 342,626 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,155 ) - - - - (12,155 )

Total stockholders' equity 367,362 91,312 260 91,572 (96,648 ) 362,286 

Total liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders' equity $ 584,417 $ 140,544 $ 303 $ 140,847 $ 213,689 $ 938,953 

See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. 

*See Note 15 to Bel Fuse Inc.'s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Bel Fuse Inc. 

Enercon 

Nine Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 

September 30, 2024 

As Reported 

IFRS 

U.S. GAAP Adjustments

(Note 1) 

U.S. GAAP 

Transaction Accounting Adjustments 

Note Pro Forma Combined 

Net sales $ 384,933 $ 89,783 $ - $ 89,783 $ - $ 474,716 

Cost of sales 238,782 46,861 - 46,861 2,221 

3h,3i 287,864 

Gross profit 146,151 42,922 - 42,922 (2,221 ) 186,852 

Research and development costs 16,652 4,390 - 4,390 (25 ) 

3h 21,017 

Selling, general and administrative 75,785 9,816 8 9,824 5,694 

3h,3i,3j 91,303 

Restructuring charges 1,790 - - - - 1,790 

Income from operations 51,924 28,716 (8 ) 28,708 (7,890 ) 72,742 

Interest expense (1,263 ) (1,870 ) - (1,870 ) (11,642 ) 

3c,3n (14,775 ) 

Interest income 3,741 - - - - 3,741 

Other income/expense, net 21 1,071 (187 ) 884 - 905 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 54,423 27,917 (195 ) 27,722 (19,532 ) 62,613 

Provision for income taxes 11,663 4,667 - 4,667 (3,701 ) 

3m 12,629 

Net earnings (all shareholders) $ 42,760 $ 23,250 $ (195 ) $ 23,055 $ (15,831 ) $ 49,984 

Less: Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interest $ - $ 124 $ - $ 124 $ 3,350 $ 3,474 

3o

Net earnings (Bel shareholders) $ 42,760 $ 23,126 $ (195 ) $ 22,931 $ (19,181 ) $ 46,510 

Earnings per share: 

Class A common share - basic and diluted $ 3.23 $ 3.52 

3l

Class B common share - basic and diluted $ 3.41 $ 3.71 

3l

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Class A common share - basic and diluted 2,126 2,126 

Class B common share - basic and diluted 10,512 10,512 

See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. 

BEL FUSE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Historical 

Pro Forma 

Bel Fuse Inc. 

Enercon 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2023 

As Reported 

IFRS (as reported) 

U.S. GAAP Adjustments

(Note 1) 

U.S. GAAP 

Transaction Accounting Adjustments 

Note Pro Forma Combined 

Net sales $ 639,813 $ 95,709 $ - $ 95,709 $ - $ 735,522 

Cost of sales 423,964 54,971 - 54,971 5,079 

3g,3h,3i 484,014 

Gross profit 215,849 40,738 - 40,738 (5,079 ) 251,508 

Research and development costs 22,487 5,296 - 5,296 33 

3h 27,816 

Selling, general and administrative 99,091 13,559 6 13,565 14,329 

3h,3i,3j 126,985 

Restructuring charges 10,114 - - - - 10,114 

Gain on sale of properties (3,819 ) - - - - (3,819 ) 

Income from operations 87,976 21,883 (6 ) 21,877 (19,441 ) 90,412 

Gain on sale of Czech Republic business 980 - - - - 980 

Interest expense (2,850 ) (3,819 ) - (3,819 ) (13,299 ) 

3c,3n (19,968 ) 

Other income/expense, net (2,806 ) 25 (123 ) (98 ) - (2,904 ) 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 83,300 18,089 (129 ) 17,960 (32,740 ) 68,520 

Provision for income taxes 9,469 3,819 - 3,819 (6,249 ) 

3m 7,039 

Net earnings (all shareholders) $ 73,831 $ 14,270 $ (129 ) $ 14,141 $ (26,491 ) $ 61,481 

Less: Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interest $ - $ 8 $ - $ 8 $ (1,184 ) $ (1,176 ) 

3o

Net earnings (Bel shareholders) $ 73,831 $ 14,262 $ (129 ) $ 14,133 $ (25,307 ) $ 62,657 

Earnings per share: 

Class A common share - basic and diluted $ 5.52 $ 4.68 

3l

Class B common share - basic and diluted $ 5.83 $ 4.95 

3l

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Class A common share - basic and diluted 2,142 2,142 

Class B common share - basic and diluted 10,634 10,634 

See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. 

Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information

Note 1. Basis of Presentation

The historical financial statements have been adjusted in the pro forma combined financial information to give effect to certain transaction accounting adjustments to reflect the accounting for the acquisition of Enercon, as discussed further in Notes 2 and 3.

The acquisition of Enercon was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations. Bel is the acquirer for accounting purposes and has therefore estimated the fair value of Enercons assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The pro forma financial information contained herein has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.

The historical financial statements of Enercon, a foreign business under Securities and Exchange Commission rules, were prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS-IASB), and are presented elsewhere in this Form 8-K/A in compliance with IFRS-IASB as permitted by Regulation S-X Rule 3-05(c). In order to present the pro forma financial information contained herein in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company assessed the impact of the change in accounting basis from IFRS-IASB to U.S. GAAP and noted material adjustments identified in that conversion process on the face of the pro forma balance sheet and the pro forma statements of operations contained herein in the column titled U.S. GAAP Adjustments. Under IFRS 16, a lessee may elect to apply a recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets, even if such leases are material in the aggregate. Under U.S. GAAP, there is no exemption for leases of low-value assets. The U.S. GAAP Adjustments shown in the accompanying pro forma balance sheet and statements of income includes the financial impacts related to the previously excluded vehicle leases on Enercons financials. The Company assessed other differences in IFRS-IASB accounting policies as compared to U.S. GAAP and no other significant financial impact was identified.

Note 2. Preliminary Estimated Purchase Price Allocation

The total preliminary estimated purchase price (consideration transferred) has been allocated to Enercons tangible and intangible assets and liabilities in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information on the basis of their estimated fair values as of October 31, 2024. Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the preliminary estimate of fair value of the consideration transferred and the preliminary estimates of fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

The total preliminary estimated purchase price was allocated as follows:

Preliminary 

Acquisition Date 

Fair Values 

(as adjusted) 

Cash $ 3,994 

Accounts receivable 21,088 

Inventories 42,271 

(a)

Other current assets 3,490 

Property, plant and equipment 9,786 

(b)

Intangible assets 189,700 

(c)

Other assets 3,316 

Total identifiable assets 273,645 

Accounts payable 9,046 

Accrued expenses 3,644 

Other current liabilities 7,211 

Noncurrent liabilities 3,477 

Total liabilities assumed 23,378 

Net identifiable assets acquired 250,086 

Goodwill 154,403 

Net assets acquired $ 404,670 

Cash paid 324,071 

Fair value of contingent consideration 3,300 

Fair value of noncontrolling interest 72,354 

Fair value of seller note 4,945 

Fair value of consideration transferred 404,670 

Deferred consideration (80,599 ) 

Total consideration paid $ 324,071 

a. 

The inventories noted include an estimated step-up in fair value of $2.4 million.

b. 

The property, plant and equipment noted above includes a $3.7 million step-up based on estimated acquisition-date fair value.

c. 

The preliminary fair value of identifiable intangible assets related to Enercon is shown in the table below. For those intangible assets with finite lives, the acquisition-date fair values will be amortized over their respective estimated future lives utilizing the straight-line method.

Acquisition Date 

Estimated

Fair Value 

Life

Trademarks $ 

21,900 

Indefinite

Customer relationships 130,300 17 years

Technology 

37,500 

15 years

Total intangible assets acquired $ 189,700 

Working capital accounts were valued at their respective carrying amounts because Enercon believes that these amounts approximate the current fair values. The preliminary estimate of fair value of the customer relationships and other intangible assets was determined by Bel with the assistance of a third-party valuation expert. The purchase price allocation adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely to provide unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. Bel will determine the final purchase price allocation after thoroughly assessing the fair value of Enercons tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities. As a result, the final acquisition transaction accounting adjustments could differ materially from the pro forma adjustments presented herein. Any increase or decrease in the fair value of Enercons tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities as compared with the information shown herein would also change the portion of the purchase price allocable to goodwill.

Note 3. Unaudited Pro Forma Adjustments

The pro forma adjustments are preliminary and are subject to change. The unaudited pro forma balance sheet and unaudited pro forma income statements reflect:

a. 

Adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in accordance with the preliminary estimated purchase price described in Note 2, including (1) a net adjustment to goodwill of $100.5 million (reflecting a $60.5 million adjustment to eliminate historical goodwill and a $160.9 million adjustment to record goodwill in connection with the acquisition) and (2) identifiable intangible assets of $189.7 million that are expected to be recorded in connection with the acquisition.

b. 

The utilization of $85.6 million of cash to partially fund the acquisition of Enercon and $0.4 million of cash paid in connection with deferred financing costs associated with funding the Transaction.

c. 

The recording of $1.9 million of deferred financing costs in connection with fees incurred to effect the third amendment agreement to the Companys existing credit facility ($1.0 million recorded as a current asset; $1.0 million recorded as a long-term asset). The deferred financing costs are amortized over a life 3.75 years. Amortization is reflected as interest expense in the accompanying pro forma statements of operations in the amount of $0.4 million and $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023.

d. 

The preliminary acquisition-date fair value of the liability associated with the potential earnout payments.

e. 

Incremental borrowings under Bels credit facility of $240.0 million to partially fund the acquisition of Enercon, offset by the elimination of Enercons debt balances, which were settled in connection with the Transaction ($9.1 million of short-term loans and $7.7 million in long-term debt).

f. 

The preliminary fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest (for the remaining 20% of Enercon), which includes the fair value of the embedded put and call options associated with Bels potential future acquisition of the non-controlling interest.

g. 

The amortization of the inventory step-up of $2.4 million, which would have been expensed through COGS during the year ended December 31, 2023, over a period of 8 months.

h. 

The estimated incremental depreciation expense of $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to estimated fair value adjustments related to property, plant and equipment acquired by Bel. The value of the PP&E step-up is depreciated on a straight-line basis over an estimated weighted-average useful life of 6.5 years. Enercons depreciation expense is primarily classified as cost of sales, with less than $0.1 million in each period classified as each research and development costs and selling, general and administrative expenses.

i. 

The estimated incremental amortization expense of $7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the finite lived intangible assets acquired as detailed in Note 2(c) above, offset by elimination of Enercons historical amortization expense of $0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2023.

j. 

The accrual of estimated transaction costs of $6.6 million (net of taxes of $1.5 million) related to the acquisition of Enercon. Such costs were incurred by Bel after September 30, 2024, and are reflected in (1) retained earnings and accounts payable in the pro forma balance sheet and (2) selling, general and administrative expenses in the pro forma statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. These transaction costs will not recur.

Bel incurred $4.3 million of transaction costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These costs are included in Bels historical statement of operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024.

k. 

The elimination of Enercons equity balances.

l. 

Basic and diluted pro forma net earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares of Bels common shares outstanding for the periods presented.

m. 

The income tax effects of the transaction accounting adjustments, by using Bels statutory tax rate of 20%. The income tax effects on the Enercon specific adjustments utilized Enercons historical tax rate of 17%.

n. 

Represents net increases in interest expense of $13.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 and $11.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the $240 million of incremental borrowings under Bels revolving credit facility, offset by the elimination of Enercons interest expense reflected in their prior period financial statements. The components of the net increase in interest expense consist of:

Nine Months Ended 

Year Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Incremental borrowings of $240 million under revolving credit facility 

average interest rate of 6.80% and 6.51%, respectively $ 12,248 $ 15,617 

Commitment fees on the revolving credit facility of the 

credit agreement at 0.275% of the undrawn balance of $25 million 52 69 

Interest on new Enercon borrowing from Fortissimo of $4.9 million at an 

interest rate of 8% 297 396 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 380 507 

Subtotal $ 12,977 $ 16,589 

Less: Amounts included in Enercon's historical statement of operations 

related to prior outstanding debt settled with Transaction (1,335 ) (3,290 )

Total $ 11,642 $ 13,299 

o. 

Reduction of 20% non-controlling interest of Enercon net earnings was calculated as follows:

Nine Months Ended 

Year Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Enercon net earnings (under U.S. GAAP) $ 22,931 $ 14,133 

Enercon portion of Transaction Accounting Adjustments (5,563 ) (8,254 )

Enercon pro forma net earnings (post adjustments) 17,368 5,879 

Non-controlling interest % 20 % 20 %

Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interest $ 3,474 $ 1,176 

4. 

Items Not Adjusted in Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 

a. 

As a result of the Transaction, Enercon will no longer incur stock-based compensation expense associated with equity awards which settled in connection with the Transaction, the cost of which was previously allocated in the historical financial statements of Enercon. In the future, certain Enercon associates will be eligible to participate in Bels equity compensation plan. No adjustment has been reflected in the pro forma statements of operations for any differences between the amount of estimated costs that will be incurred as part of these new arrangements and the amounts of historically recorded by Enercon, as the difference is not deemed material.

b. 

We have not reflected any additional interest expense for borrowings of up to $25 million then available under the revolving credit facility, as this portion of the facility was not drawn upon at the closing of the Enercon Transaction.

c. 

The pro forma statements of operations include non-recurring expenses associated with management fees previously incurred by Enercon in connection with its ownership by Fortissimo in the amount of $0.2 million and $0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, respectively.

d. 

The pro forma statements of operations include non-recurring salaries incurred by Enercon in prior periods, which ceased in connection with the Transaction. These amounted to $0.4 million and $0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, respectively, which were allocated 50% to cost of sales and 50% to research and development costs.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>belfb-20241114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>belfb-20241114_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>belfb-20241114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, Address Line Two 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Description 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

ClassACommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

ClassBCommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>belfb-20241114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Nov. 14, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name BELFUSE INC /NJ

Document, Type 8-K/A

Document, Period End Date Nov. 14, 2024

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code NJ

Entity, File Number 0-11676

Entity, Tax Identification Number 22-1463699

Entity, Address, Address Line One 300 Executive Drive

Entity, Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity, Address, City or Town West Orange

Entity, Address, State or Province NJ

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 07052

City Area Code 201

Local Phone Number 432-0463

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Description 8-K/A - Bel Fuse Inc Completion of Acquisition (Enercon)

Amendment Flag true

Entity, Central Index Key 0000729580

ClassACommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value)

Trading Symbol BELFA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

ClassBCommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value)

Trading Symbol BELFB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=belfb_ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=belfb_ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.belfb.com/20241114/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

belfb-20241114.xsd 
belfb-20241114_def.xml 
belfb-20241114_lab.xml 
belfb-20241114_pre.xml 
belfb20250125c_8ka.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-002138-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>belfb20250125c_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000729580 

2024-11-14 
2024-11-14 

0000729580 

belfb:ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember 

2024-11-14 
2024-11-14 

0000729580 

belfb:ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember 

2024-11-14 
2024-11-14 

8-K/A - Bel Fuse Inc Completion of Acquisition (Enercon) 
true 
0000729580 
BELFUSE INC /NJ 
8-K/A 
2024-11-14 
NJ 
0-11676 
22-1463699 
300 Executive Drive 
Suite 300 
West Orange 
NJ 
07052 
201 
432-0463 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 
BELFA 
NASDAQ 
Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 
BELFB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>