<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003135.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003135.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408083036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aspira Women's Health Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000926617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				330595156
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34810
		FILM NUMBER:		25820371

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12117 BEE CAVES ROAD BUILDING THREE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-519-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12117 BEE CAVES ROAD BUILDING THREE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERMILLION, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIPHERGEN BIOSYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000316

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABIOTIC SYSTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950407
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000092661700009266172025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

Aspira
Womens Health Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-34810 33-0595156

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

12117 Bee Caves Road

Building III

Suite 100 

Austin, Texas 78738

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area
Code: 512519-0400

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share AWH The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On April 4, 2025, Aspira Womens Health, Inc. (the Company) entered into an equity purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with Triton Funds L.P. (Triton) for the purchase of up to $2 million of the Companys shares of
Common Stock.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
Triton will purchase 354,988 shares of restricted common stock for $25,000 and upon effectiveness of a registration statement registering
the shares of Common Stock, the Company will be able to close on the sale of up to $2 million of Common Stock, subject to the Nasdaq 19.99%
limitation. The purchase price of the Common Stock will be 75% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock five (5) business days prior
to a closing. The Company intends to use the net proceeds received from the Purchase Agreement for ongoing commercial activities as well
as general corporate purposes and working capital.

The Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties, agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination provisions. The foregoing
descriptions of terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the
full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information in Item 1.01 regarding
the issuance of the shares of Common Stock is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On April 2, 2025, the Board (the
Board) of Directors of the Company appointed Jeffrey Cohen, M.D. as a director of the Company.

Dr. Cohen has been a practicing
physician at Allegheny Health Hospital since 1985 and at Allegheny Health Network since its formation in 2011. Since 2020, he has served
as the Chief Physician Executive, Community Health and Innovation for AHN-Allegheny General, where he also served as President from 2016-2020.
With more than forty years as a practicing urologist, Dr. Cohen is an expert in robot-assisted surgery. He graduated in 1976 from Syracuse
University with a BS in Biology and received his medical degree from SUNY Upstate Medical Center in 1979. Dr. Cohen completed
a residency in urology at Case Western Reserve in 1984 and a fellowship in urology at The M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.

There is no arrangement or understanding
between Dr. Cohen and any other person pursuant to which Dr. Cohen was appointed as a director. There are no family relationships between
Dr. Cohen and any of the Companys directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director
or executive officer. Dr. Cohen has not engaged in any related-person transactions required to be disclosed by Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

-2-

On April 4, 2025, the Board appointed
Julie Carrillo, the Companys Corporate Controller, to act as the Principal Accounting Officer of the Company on an interim basis.

On April 6, 2025, the Board appointed
John Fraser and Cynthia Hundorfean as directors of the Company.

Mr. Fraser has been a managing
partner at Seamark Capital for nearly 25 years. Mr. Fraser earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Bowling Green
State University and his Masters in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance
from Ohio State University.

There is no arrangement or understanding
between Mr. Fraser and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Fraser was appointed as a director. There are no family relationships between
Mr. Fraser and any of the Companys directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director
or executive officer. Mr. Fraser has not engaged in any related-person transactions required to be disclosed by Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Ms. Hundorfean is a senior partner
of The CEO Advisory Network and serves as a board member for Bender Leadership Academy, and a board advisor for several companies, including
Avant-gard Health, Kaliber AI, Leadline, Inc. and Heuro Health, She previously worked as Chief Living Health Development Officer for Highmark
Health and as President and Chief Executive Officer for Allegheny Health Network, a 14-hospital health system. Prior to that, Ms. Hundorfean
worked as the Chief Administrative Officer for Cleveland Clinic. Ms. Hundorfean earned her Executive Master of Business Administration
from Case Western Reserve University.

There is no arrangement or understanding
between Ms. Hundorfean and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Hundorfean was appointed as a director. There are no family relationships
between Ms. Hundorfean and any of the Companys directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become
a director or executive officer. Ms. Hundorfean has not engaged in any related-person transactions required to be disclosed by Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 8, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the Private Placement and board appointments. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Equity Purchase Agreement dated April 4, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated April 8, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the Inline XBRL document)

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Aspira Womens Health Inc.

Date: April 8, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Buhle

Michael Buhle, Chief Executive Officer

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EQUITY
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Equity Purchase Agreement is entered into effective as of this 4th day of April, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between
ASPIRA WOMENS HEALTH INC., a Delaware company (the Company), and TRITON FUNDS LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (the Investor).

WHEREAS,
the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and
sell to the Investor, from time to time, as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to Two Million Dollars
($2,000,000) of the Companys shares of Common Stock (as defined below);

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section (4)(a)(2) under the Securities
Act.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Administration
Fee means Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000) payable by the Company to the Investor pursuant to Section 6.4.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(h).

Business
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Claim
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing
Cost shall mean the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to the deposit of the Closing Notice Shares.

Closing
shall mean any one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.2.

Closing
Notice shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor setting
forth the Closing Notice Shares which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Closing
Notice Amount shall mean the Closing Notice Shares referenced in the Closing Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price less
Clearing Cost.

Closing
Notice Date shall mean the date the Investor confirms, by email, receipt of (a) the written notice from the Company, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor setting forth the Closing Notice Shares which the Company requires the Investor
to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and (b) the Closing Notice Shares.

Closing
Notice Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue, as DWAC Shares, as set forth
in all Closing Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Commitment
Amount shall mean the aggregate amount of up to Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) which the Investor has agreed to provide
to the Company in order to purchase the Companys Common Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor
shall have purchased Closing Notice Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Investment, (ii) September 30, 2025, or (iii) written
notice of termination by the Investor to the Company upon a material breach of this Agreement by the Company.

Commitment
Shares shall mean the 354,988 restricted shares of Common Stock which shall be issued to Investor on the date of this Agreement.

Common
Stock shall mean the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common
stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and
assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Current
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Closing Notice Shares
are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the
Closing Notice Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without
restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account
with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(i).

Execution
Date shall mean the date of this Agreement.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnity
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b).

Investment
shall mean Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000).

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is
material and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere
with the ability of the Company to enter and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e., NYSE, AMEX, Nasdaq).

Purchase
Price shall mean 75% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock five (5) Business Days prior to a Closing.

Registrable
Securities shall mean the Commitment Shares and shares of Common Stock to be issued hereunder (i) in respect of which the
Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the SEC, (ii) which have not been sold under circumstances meeting all of the
applicable conditions of Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force) under the Securities Act (Rule 144) or
(iii) which have not been otherwise transferred to a holder who may trade such shares without restriction under the Securities Act, and
the Company has delivered a new certificate or other evidence of ownership for such securities not bearing a restrictive legend.

Registration
Statement shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (if use of such form is then available to the Company
pursuant to the rules of the SEC and, if not, on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies and which
counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the resale of the Registrable Securities to be
registered there under in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and in accordance with
the intended method of distribution of such securities), for the registration of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities
under the Securities Act.

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
means, collectively, the Commitment Shares and the Closing Notice Shares to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Subsidiary
means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any equity or debt securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such equity or debt securities, or (B) with a conversion,
exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Stock (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions,
but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other
similar transaction) or (ii) issues or sells any equity or debt securities, including without limitation, Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, either (A) at a price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
market for the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend,
stock split or other similar transaction), or (B) that are subject to or contain any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or
other similar provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right) that provides for
the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment of cash by the Company..

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

SECTION
2.1 PURCHASE OF COMMITMENT SHARES. On the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue and sell to Investor and Investor shall
purchase from the Company the Commitment Shares. In consideration thereof, the Investor shall pay to the Company via wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by the Company in the original principal amount of $25,000.00.

SECTION
2.2 CLOSING NOTICES. Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article
VII), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Closing
Notice from time to time, to purchase Closing Notice Shares provided that the amount of Closing Notice Shares shall not exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 7.2(h) or the amount of the Investment. The Company may not deliver a subsequent Closing Notice
until the Closing of an active Closing Notice except if waived by the Investor in writing.

Section
2.3 MECHANICS.

(a)
CLOSING NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company
may deliver a Closing Notice to the Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 and otherwise provided
herein. A Closing Notice shall be deemed delivered on a Business Day if it is received by e-mail by the Investor if such notice is received
on or before 8:00 a.m. EST on such Business Day or the next Business Day is received there after.

(b)
CLOSING. A Closing shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after a Closing Notice Date whereby (i) the Investor shall
deliver to the Company the applicable Closing Notice Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
in writing by the Company. Each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to each other all documents, instruments and writings required
to be delivered or reasonably requested by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions
contemplated herein.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section
3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for
legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed
by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or
similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to
which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a
material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument
or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any
third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to
which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of
the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company.

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.10 STATUTORY UNDERWRITER STATUS. The Investor acknowledges that it will be identified as an underwriter in each
Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify
any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure
Schedules, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the date hereof, that:

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the
provisions of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified to
conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case
may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any
such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.
The Company has no Subsidiaries.

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the
Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of
the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 200,000,000 shares of Common
Stock, par value of $0.001 per share, of which approximately 35,224,258 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding. The Company
has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise
of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant
to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of
any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and
sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the
Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price
under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the
Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys
stockholders.

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common
Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of such Principal Market. The Company is and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1) year
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such
SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations
applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and
substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other
applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial
statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may
be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or
its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Closing Notice Shares,
do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational
or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up
or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal,
state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable
to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations,
amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect)
nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that
either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state
or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (other than
any SEC, or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in connection subsequent to any Closing or any registration
statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is
assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein.

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been
disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents.

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedule, there are no material
actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice
of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ,
injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental
agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.

Section
4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.10, no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause the
Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

Section
4.11 ACKNOWLEDGMENT REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE OF SECURITIES. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is
acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined
in Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of
the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to
the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation
by the Company and its representatives.

Section
4.12 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION; PLACEMENT AGENT. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form
of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities act) in connection with the offer
or sale of the Securities. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees,
or brokers commissions (other than for persons engaged by the Investor or its investment advisor) relating to or arising out of
the transactions contemplated hereby in connection with the sale of the Securities. The Company shall pay, and hold the Investor harmless
against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in
connection with any such claim.

Section
4.13 NO INTEGRATED OFFERING. None of the Company, its affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without
limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company
are listed or designated, but excluding stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti-dilution
provisions in connection therewith.

Section
4.14 OTHER COVERED PERSONS. The Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will
be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Investor in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

Section
4.15 RESERVATION OF SECURITIES. The Company shall take all action necessary to at all times
have authorized and reserved the amount of Securities included in the Registration Statement for issuance pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS
OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the date hereof to the end of the Commitment Period.
For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of the Closing Notice of such number of shares
of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under the Closing Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor shall, until
such time as the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the
terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Transaction Documents.

Section
5.2 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock
will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal
Market.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly secure the listing, where applicable, of all of the Common Stock to be
issued to the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance, where applicable) and shall use commercially
reasonable best efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing, if required, of all such
Common Stock from time to-time issuable hereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to continue the listing
or quotation and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible
assets, if required) and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws
or rules of the Principal Market.

Section
6.2 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents
as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions contemplated
by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report). The Company
shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two (2) Business
Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use
its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business Day from
the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

Section
6.3 BLANK.

Section
6.4 ISSUANCE OF ADMINISTRATION FEE. The Company shall issue the Administration Fee to the Investor within one (1) Business Day
of the Execution Date.

Section
6.5 BLANK.

Section
6.6 NO VARIABLE RATE TRANSACTIONS. The Company shall not effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate
Transaction for a period of three (3) months after the date hereof. The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against
the Company and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

ARTICLE
VII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF

CLOSING NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL CLOSING NOTICE SHARES. The right of the Company to issue
and sell the Closing Notice Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a)
ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such
time.

(b)
PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.

(c)
PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. The Company shall not issue any Closing Notice Shares, and the Investor shall not have the right
to receive any Closing Notice Shares, if the issuance of such Closing Notice Shares would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock which the Company may issue without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market.

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE THE CLOSING NOTICE SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder
to purchase the Closing Notice Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions (each a Condition
Satisfaction Date):

(a)
BLANK.

(b)
REGISTRATION OF THE COMMON STOCK WITH THE SEC. The Company shall have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect
to the resale of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. As set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Registration Statement shall have previously become effective and shall remain effective on each Condition Satisfaction
Date and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order
with respect to the Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so (unless the SECs concerns have been addressed
and the Investor is reasonably satisfied that the SEC no longer is considering or intends to take such action), and (ii) no other suspension
of the use or withdrawal of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist. The Registration Statement
must have been declared effective by the SEC prior to the first Closing Notice Date.

(c)
ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations
and warranties specifically made as of a particular date).

(d)
PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company.

(e)
NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(f)
ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K, no event that had or
is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

(g)
NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the
SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation
on and shall not have been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market.

(h)
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Closing Notice Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the
number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially
owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined
in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Execution Date.

(i)
PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. The Company shall not issue and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase any Closing
Notice Shares if the issuance of aggregate Closing Notice Shares would exceed 6,759,533 shares of Common Stock (the Exchange
Cap).

(j)
NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement to be suspended or any prospectus or prospectus supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections
5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days following the Business
Day on which such Closing Notice is deemed delivered).

(k)
NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The issuance of the Closing Notice Shares shall not violate the shareholder
approval requirements of the Principal Market.

(l)
DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(m)
SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been
filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within
the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.

ARTICLE
VIII

LEGENDS

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Closing
Notice Shares.

Section
8.2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party
along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified Party) from and
against any Damages, and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out
of this Agreement or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant
or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or prospectus or prospectus supplement,
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by
the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified
Partys failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys, recklessness
or willful misconduct in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement
shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement,
any post-effective amendment thereof, prospectus, prospectus supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as
amended or supplemented).

Section
9.2 INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE

(a)
A party that seeks indemnification under must promptly give the other party notice of any legal action. But a delay in notice does not
relieve an Indemnifying Party of any liability to any Indemnified Party, except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shows that the delay
prejudiced the defense of the action.

(b)
The Indemnifying Party may participate in the defense at any time or it may assume the defense by giving notice to the Indemnified Parties.
After assuming the defense, the Indemnifying Party:

(i)
must select counsel (including local counsel if appropriate) that is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Parties;

(ii)
is not liable to the other party for any later attorneys fees or for any other later expenses that the Indemnified Parties incur,
except for reasonable investigation costs;

(iii)
must not compromise or settle the action without the Indemnified Parties consent (which may not be unreasonably withheld); and

(iv)
is not liable for any compromise or settlement made without its consent.

(c)
If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume the defense within 10 days after receiving notice of the action, the Indemnifying Party shall
be bound by any determination made in the action or by any compromise or settlement made by the Indemnified Parties, and also remains
liable to pay the Indemnified Parties legal fees and expenses.

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall
be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a)
In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted against
or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a Third
Party Claim), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and
specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for indemnification that is
being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably
ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a Claim Notice) with reasonable
promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the
Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been prejudiced
by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the
period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as
defined below) (the Dispute Period) whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability
to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified
Party against such Third Party Claim.

(i)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such
Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the
payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The Indemnifying
Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided,
however, that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying
Partys delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings
or take any other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and
provided, further, that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense
of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying
Party elects to contest. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim
controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party
shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may take
over the control of the defense or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under
Section 9.2 with respect to such Third Party Claim.

(ii)
If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend
the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and
diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period,
then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof;
provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying
Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified
Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified
Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided
in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys defense
pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys participation therein at the Indemnified Partys request, and
the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying
Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled
by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect
to such participation.

(iii)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute
Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to
such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying
Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying
Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is
not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action
as it deems appropriate.

(b)
In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third
Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the nature
of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good
faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The failure by
any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights hereunder except to the extent that the
Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party
that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party
within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice,
the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section
9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has
timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party
shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within
thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(c)
The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.

(d)
The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party
against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company and the Investor hereby submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts located in Los Angeles, California, with respect to any dispute arising under
the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

Section
10.2 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Investor hereby waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought
by either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents.

Section
10.3 ASSIGNMENT. The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and
their respective successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either
party to any other Person.

Section
10.4 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated by Article
IX.

Section
10.5 TERMINATION. The Company Investor may terminate this Agreement at any time only upon a material breach of this Agreement
by written notice to the Company. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment
Period; (ii) the date in which the Registration Statement is no longer effective, or (iii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning
of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is
appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of
its creditors; provided, however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the
agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in this Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section
10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the
Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents and exhibits.

Section
10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents (including the Administration Fee) or any other
writing to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its accountants, advisers, counsel, and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
The Company shall pay the Clearing Cost associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees (including any fees required for same-day
processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the
delivery of any Securities to the Investor.

Section
10.8 COUNTERPARTS. The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than
all of the parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing
such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Transaction Documents may be delivered
to the other parties hereto by email of a copy of the Transaction Documents bearing the signature of the parties so delivering this Agreement.

Section
10.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such
severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

Section
10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
10.11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section
10.12 EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of
its obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore agrees
that the Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual
damages. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, both parties will be entitled to specific
performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred
by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action
for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

Section
10.13 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.14 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that
is one (1) Business Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto
and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
10.15 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other parties, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which
such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the extent
required by law. The Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts,
as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as
exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the
status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

Section
10.16 BLANK.

Section
10.17 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be transmitted by email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such
other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication
required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated
below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following
such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

If
to the Investor:

team@tritonfunds.com

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 10.17 by giving prior written notice of
such changed address to the other party hereto.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the day and year first above written.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH INC.

By:
/s/
Michael Buhle

Name:
Michael
Buhle

Title:
CEO

TRITON
FUNDS LP

By: /s/
Tyler Hoffman

Name: Tyler
Hoffman

Title: Authorized
Signtory

EXHIBIT
A

CLOSING
NOTICE

TO:
TRITON FUNDS LP

We
refer to the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated April 3, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Aspira
Womens Health Inc., and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same
meaning when used herein.

We
hereby:

1)
Give you notice that we require you to purchase __________ Closing Notice Shares.

2)
Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Aspira
Appoints Three New Directors, 

Executes
$2.0 Million Equity Purchase Agreement

New
Directors Bring Extensive Commercial Healthcare Relationships

to
Expand Business Development Opportunities. 

April
8, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Aspira Womens Health Inc. (Aspira or the Company) (NASDAQ: AWH),
a bio-analytical based womens health company focused on the development of gynecologic disease diagnostic tools, today announced
the appointment of three new Directors to its Board of Directors. These appointments were part of a planned Board change, aligned with
the upcoming annual shareholders meeting. Each of the three new appointees brings extensive resumes, with the first two Directors, Dr.
Jeffrey Cohen and Cindy Hundorfean, bringing decades of experience in executive roles within the health care and medical industries.
Jack Fraser brings decades of financial and operational expertise to the Companys Board of Directors.

We
are pleased to welcome Dr. Cohen, Ms. Hundorfean, and Mr. Fraser to the Board of Directors, said Michael Buhle, Chief Executive
Officer of Aspira Womens Health. Each new director brings a diverse and critical expertise to the Board. This added knowledge
and resources will be invaluable to the Company as we look to accelerate the pace of growth in our business and pursue our mission to
bring much-needed changes to womens healthcare.

The
Board and the executive team would also like to extend our deepest gratitude to Dr. Celeste Fralick for her invaluable contributions
as a member of our Board of Directors since February of 2022, stated Jannie Herchuk, Chair of the Board of Aspira Womens
Health. Her leadership, insight, and unwavering commitment have played a vital role in guiding the company through important milestones
and shaping our strategic direction. Dr. Fralicks unique data analytics perspective and dedication have been instrumental in helping
us navigate both opportunities and challenges, and we are truly grateful for the time, energy, and expertise you have generously shared.

With
more than forty years as a practicing urologist, Dr. Cohen is an expert in robot-assisted surgery. Dr. Cohen has worked with the Allegheny
Health Network since 1985, most recently as its Chief Physician Executive, Community Health and Innovation. He graduated in 1976 from
Syracuse University with a Bachelor of Science in Biology and received his medical degree from SUNY Upstate Medical Center in
1979. Dr. Cohen completed a residency in urology at Case Western Reserve University in 1984 and a fellowship in urology at The M.D. Anderson
Cancer Center.

Ms.
Hundorfean is a senior partner of The CEO Advisory Network and serves on the board of directors for several companies, including Avant-gard
Health, Leadline, Inc. and Heuro Health. She has previously worked as Chief Living Health Development Officer for Highmark Health and
as president and Chief Executive Officer for Allegheny Health Network. Ms. Hundorfean earned her Executive Master of Business Administration
in Healthcare Administration from Case Western Reserve University.

Mr.
Fraser has been a managing partner at the asset-management firm Seamark Capital for nearly 25 years. Mr. Fraser earned his Bachelor of
Science in Business Administration from Bowling Green State University and his Masters in Business Administration in Economics from Ohio
State University.

-1-

The
Company is also announcing the execution of an equity purchase agreement with Triton Funds LP (Triton), for the issuance
and sale of shares of the Companys common stock to be purchased by Triton for gross proceeds of up to $2.0 million. Net proceeds
from the offering will support Aspiras ongoing commercial activities as well as general corporate purposes and working capital.

We
are also pleased to execute this key capital markets transaction. This financing transaction should play a critical role in supplementing
our working capital for the foreseeable future as we execute our strategic growth initiatives. Our top operational priority is driving
our sales growth, quickly followed by the completion of our current endometriosis clinical study, which is intended to validate our ENDOInform
non-invasive blood test for the early detection endometriosis, concluded Mr. Buhle.

About
Aspira Womens Health Inc. 

Aspira
Womens Health Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of noninvasive, AI-powered tests to aid in
the diagnosis of gynecologic diseases.

OvaWatch
and Ova1Plus are offered to clinicians as OvaSuiteSM. Together, they provide the only comprehensive portfolio of blood
tests to aid in the detection of ovarian cancer risk for the 1.2+ million American women diagnosed with an adnexal mass each year. OvaWatch
provides a negative predictive value of 99% and is used to assess ovarian cancer risk for women where initial clinical assessment indicates
the mass is indeterminate or benign, and thus surgery may be premature or unnecessary. Ova1Plus is a reflex process of two FDA-cleared
tests, Ova1 and Overa, to assess the risk of ovarian malignancy in women with an adnexal mass planned for surgery. 

Our
in-development test pipeline will expand our ovarian cancer portfolio and address the tremendous need for non-invasive diagnostics for
endometriosis, a debilitating disease that impacts millions of women worldwide. In ovarian cancer, we intend to combine microRNA and
protein biomarkers with patient data to further enhance the sensitivity and specificity of our current tests. In endometriosis, we have
developed the first-ever non-invasive test designed to identify endometriomas, one of the most commonly occurring forms of severe endometriosis.
Through our ongoing endometriosis development program, we are combining microRNA and protein biomarkers with patient data, with the intent
of identifying all endometriosis independent of disease location or severity.

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things,
the timing and completion of any products in the development pipeline and other statements that are predictive in nature, and whether
the marketing of the OvaSuite portfolio will prove successful. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed due to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words
such as designed to, expect, plan, anticipate, could, may,
intend, will, continue, future, and other words of similar meaning and the use
of future dates. These and additional risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the Companys filings with the SEC, including
those factors identified as Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024, and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Aspira
presently does not know, or that Aspira currently believes are immaterial, that could also cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Aspiras expectations, plans, or forecasts
of future events and views as of the date of this press release. Subsequent events and developments may cause the Companys assessments
to change. However, while Aspira may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Aspira expressly disclaims
any obligation to do so, except as required by law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Aspiras
assessments of any date after the date of this press release. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements.

Investor
Relations Contact: 

Investors@aspirawh.com

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>awh-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>awh-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>awh-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34810

Entity Registrant Name Aspira
Womens Health Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000926617

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0595156

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 12117 Bee Caves Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building III

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78738

City Area Code 512

Local Phone Number 519-0400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AWH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aspirawh.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

awh-20250402.xsd 
awh-20250402_lab.xml 
awh-20250402_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003135-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000926617 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000926617 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
Aspira Womens Health Inc. 
DE 
001-34810 
33-0595156 
12117 Bee Caves Road 
Building III 
Suite 100 
Austin 
TX 
78738 
512 
519-0400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AWH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>