<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-001187.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-001187.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224160115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-001187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINIM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				042621506
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37649
		FILM NUMBER:		25656872

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-966-4646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Zoom Telephonics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090707
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>miniminc_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000146776100014677612025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 18, 2025

MINIM, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37649 04-2621506

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

848 Elm Street, Manchester, NH03101

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(833)966-4646

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value MINM The Nasdaq Capital Market*

* Currently suspended.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Private Placement and Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement

On February 18, 2025, Minim, Inc. (the Company) entered into, and simultaneously closed the transactions under, the Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (Purchase Agreement) among Cao Yu, Hu Bin, and Youxin Consulting Limited, a Hong Kong company (collectively, the Purchasers), David Lazar (Seller) and the Company, whereby Seller sold to the Purchasers (i) 2,219,447 shares of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (Seller Preferred Stock), (ii) a warrant to purchase up to an additional 2,800,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), with an exercise price equal to $1.00 per share, subject to adjustment therein (the Warrant), and (iii) 2,656,980 shares of Common Stock and 85,910 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (Power of Attorney Shares, and together with the Seller Preferred Stock and the Warrant, the Securities). Purchasers also purchased certain receivables that the Company owed to Seller (the Lazar Receivables). The purchase price for the Securities and the Lazar Receivables was $500,000.

As further consideration for the sale of the Securities, Seller has the opportunity to be paid by the Purchasers an additional $3,400,000, less any indemnity and other obligations payable by Seller, if (i) the Companys common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or any successors to any of the foregoing (each a Trading Market) on or before December 31, 2025 and (ii) the Company has satisfied all applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of the applicable Trading Market. Additionally, if the foregoing is achieved, Seller will also receive a number of newly issued shares of common stock of the Company equal to 3% of the then outstanding shares of common stock on the date the Companys common stock is listed on a Trading Market pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Purchase Agreement includes a covenant that, promptly following the closing, the Company will take all actions reasonably necessary to amend its certificate of incorporation to increase the Stated Value (as defined in the certificate of incorporation) of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock from $1.40 to $2.75 in consideration for cancelling the Warrant and forgiving the Lazar Receivables (the Conversion Increase).

The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, Seller and the Purchasers, indemnification rights and other obligations of the parties.

Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement

On February 18, 2025, the Company entered into the Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement (Amendment No.1) among the Purchasers and the Company, which amends that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024 and previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2024, to extend the outside date to complete the transactions contemplated thereby from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and Amendment No.1 do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement and Amendment No.1, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Securities issued and sold under the Purchase Agreement as described in Item 1.01 were offered and sold by the Company in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1

Item 5.01. Change in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

On February 18, 2025, a change of
control of the Company occurred as a result of the closing of the Purchase Agreement and the Purchasers now own 90.6% of the issued
and outstanding Common Stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis. Following the Conversion Increase, the Purchasers will own 55%
of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective as of February 19, 2025, Avraham Ben-Tzvi, Andrew Papanicolau, Matthew McMurdo, Patrick Rivard, and David Natan resigned as directors of the Company. The decision of the foregoing individuals to resign did not involve any disagreement on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Purchasers and Seller, effective as of February 18, 2025.

10.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 12, 2024 (Amendment No. 1) among the Purchasers and the Company, effective as of February 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MINIM, INC.

Date: February 24, 2025 By: /s/ David Lazar

David Lazar

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>miniminc_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into as of February 18, 2025 by and among David Elliot Lazar, whose
address is 30B, Tower 200 The Towers, Winston Churchill, San Francisco, Paitilla, Panama City, Panama. 07196 (Seller),
Cao, Yu, whose address is set forth on Schedule B (Cao), Hu Bin, whose address is set forth on Schedule
B (Hu Bin), Youxin Consulting Limited, whose address is set forth on Schedule B (YCL
and, together with Cao and Hu Bin, each a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers),
and Minim, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Minim). Seller, Purchasers and Minim may be referred to herein as
the Parties and each of them separately as a Party. This Agreement amends, restates and
supersedes in its entirety that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024, by and among the Seller
and the Purchasers.

WHEREAS,
Seller, a director and officer of Minim, is the holder of (i) 2,305,357 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001
par value per share (the Preferred Stock) of Minim, and (ii) a warrant to purchase up to an additional 2,800,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), with an exercise price equal to $1.00 per
share, subject to adjustment therein (the Warrant);

WHEREAS,
Minim owes Seller certain amounts set forth on Schedule A (the Lazar Receivables);

WHEREAS,
the Purchasers wish to purchase, and the Seller wishes to sell, 2,219,447 of the shares of the Preferred Stock and the Warrant
(the Securities), as well as the Lazar Receivables, pursuant to this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
Minim and the Purchasers are parties to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024 (as amended
as of the date hereof and as may be further amended, the Minim SPA).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual agreements contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Agreement
to Purchase and Sell.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller hereby sells, assigns, transfers, conveys, and delivers to Purchasers, and
Purchasers hereby purchase, assume and accept all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to the Lazar Receivables and
the Securities, in the individual amounts set forth opposite the name of each Purchaser on Schedule C hereto, for the aggregate
purchase price of $500,000 (the Purchase Price).

(b) The
Parties acknowledge and agree that the Purchasers previously paid to Seller $200,000 of the Purchase Price, as an advance. The
remaining $300,000 (the Remaining Amount) shall be paid by Purchasers to Minim, at the direction and on behalf
of Seller, which shall be deemed a contribution to Minim by Seller, to be used to pay certain expenses, in exchange for 1,200,000
newly issued shares of Common Stock to be issued to Seller(the Newly Issued Lazar Stock).

2. Closing;
Deliveries.

(a) The
closing contemplated hereby (the Closing) shall take place simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
on the date of this Agreement (the Closing Date) remotely by exchange of documents and signatures (or their
electronic counterparts). The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to occur at 12:01
a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date.

(b) At
the Closing, Purchasers shall pay the Remaining Amount to Minim, at the direction and on behalf of Seller, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated by Minim prior to the Closing.

(c) At
the Closing, Seller shall deliver to each Purchaser (i) its respective Securities in book entry form, free and clear of any liens
or other restrictions whatsoever (other than those set forth in this Agreement, arising under any written agreement of which a
Purchaser is a party or arising under state or federal securities laws), in the name of such Purchaser (or its nominee in accordance
with its delivery instructions) or to a custodian designated by a Purchaser, as applicable, and (ii) a copy of the records of Minims
transfer agent showing each Purchaser as the owner of its respective Securities on and as of the Closing Date.

(d) At
the Closing, Minim shall issue Seller the Newly Issued Lazar Stock in book entry form.

(e) At
the Closing, Seller shall provide evidence satisfactory to Purchasers that each consulting or other agreement between Minim and
each of Matthew McMurdo and ABZ Law Office have been terminated.

(f) At
the Closing, Seller and Minim shall provide a unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of Minim authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and concluding that the consideration
to Minim set forth herein for the Conversion Increase is sufficient and that the Conversion Increase and the other transactions
contemplated herein are in the best interest of all of Minims stockholders.

(g) At
the Closing, Seller shall provide evidence satisfactory to Purchasers that each of Avraham Ben-Tzvi, Andrew Papanicolau, Matthew
McMurdo, Patrick Rivard, and David Natan has resigned as a director of Minim.

(h) At
the Closing, Seller shall provide evidence satisfactory to Purchasers that the Board of Directors of Minim has approved decreasing
the size of the Board of Directors to three (3) directors.

(i) At
the Closing, the Parties shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional actions as the Parties reasonably
may deem necessary in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2

3. Earn-Out.

(a) As
further consideration for the Securities, in the event that (i) Seller has used best efforts to obtain a decision from the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) that Nasdaq must hold a hearing to consider the merits of Minims appeal
from being delisted from Nasdaq, (ii) Minim achieves a Nasdaq Listing (as defined below) on or before December 31, 2025 (such
date of achievement being the Listing Date) and (iii) Seller has continued to provide services to Minim in
furtherance of achieving a Nasdaq Listing from the Closing Date through the Listing Date (collectively, the Earnout Milestones),
then Purchasers shall pay to Seller, pro rata based on their percentages on Schedule B hereto, the Earnout Payment (as defined
below), and Minim shall issue the Earnout Shares (as defined below).

(b) Earnout
Payment shall mean an amount equal to (i) $3,400,000, minus (ii) $800,000 (the Indemnity Escrow Amount),
minus (iii) the aggregate amount of any liabilities, obligations or other commitments incurred by Minim on or after the
Closing Date that are not pre-approved in writing by Purchasers. Earnout Shares shall mean a number of newly
issued shares of Common Stock equal to 3% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock on the Listing Date.

(c) Nasdaq
Listing means that both (i) Minims Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or any successors to any of the foregoing (Trading Market), and (ii) Minim
has satisfied all applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of Minims Trading Market, including, but not limited
to, compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), and has
not received any written notice from Minims Trading Market that it has failed, or would reasonably be expected to fail to
meet, Minims Trading Markets listing requirements for any reason where such notice has not been subsequently withdrawn
by Minims Trading Market or the underlying failure appropriately remedied or satisfied.

(d) In
the event that all of the Earnout Milestones have been satisfied, then, within thirty (30) days of the Listing Date, (X) Purchasers
shall, pro rata based on their percentages on Schedule B hereto: (i) pay the Earnout Payment to Seller by wire transfers
to an account designated in writing by Seller; and (ii) deposit the Indemnity Escrow Amount with Citibank, N.A. or another escrow
agent mutually agreed by the Parties (the Escrow Agent) in accordance with the Escrow Agreement (as defined
in Section 10); and (Y) Minim shall issue Seller the Earnout Shares.

(e) Purchasers
shall have the right to withhold and set off against any amount otherwise due to be paid pursuant to this Section 3
the amount of any Losses to which any Purchaser Indemnified Party may be entitled under Section 8 of this Agreement.

(f) The
Parties understand and agree that (i) the contingent rights to receive the Earnout Payment shall not be represented by any form
of certificate or other instrument, are not transferable, except by operation of laws relating to descent and distribution, divorce
and community property, and do not constitute an equity or ownership interest in any Purchaser or Minim, (ii) Seller shall not
have any rights as a securityholder of any Purchaser or Minim a result of Sellers contingent right to receive the Earnout
Payment hereunder, and (iii) no interest is payable with respect to the Earnout Payment.

3

4. Representations
and Warranties of Seller. As an inducement to Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein, Seller represents and warrants to Purchasers, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, as follows:

(a) The
representations and warranties set forth in Section III.1 of the Minim SPA are incorporated herein by reference, provided,
that, Seller shall only be liable for Losses (as defined in Section 8) in accordance with Section 8
resulting directly or indirectly from any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach or nonfulfillment of any such representation
or warranty (i) that relates to the period beginning on or after February 18, 2025, or (ii) (A) that relates to the period
prior to February 18, 2025 and (B) Seller had knowledge of such inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach or nonfulfillment.

(b) Authority.
Seller has the right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and to perform his obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations
of Seller, enforceable against Seller.

(c) Ownership.

(i) Seller
is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Securities and the Lazar Receivables, has good and marketable title to the Securities
and the Lazar Receivables, free and clear of all Encumbrances (hereafter defined), other than applicable restrictions under applicable
securities laws, and has full legal right and power to sell, transfer and deliver the Securities and the Lazar Receivables to Purchaser
in accordance with this Agreement. Encumbrances means any liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges, adverse claims,
options, preferential arrangements or restrictions of any kind, including, without limitation, any restriction of the use, voting,
transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of ownership.

(ii) Upon
Closing, Purchasers will receive good and marketable title to the Securities and the Lazar Receivables, free and clear of all Encumbrances,
other than restrictions imposed pursuant to any applicable securities laws and regulations. There are no stockholders agreements,
voting trust, proxies, options, rights of first refusal or any other agreements or understandings with respect to the Securities
or the Lazar Receivables which are currently in effect and required to be fulfilled.

(d) Valid
Issuance. The Securities are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and were not issued in violation
of any preemptive or similar rights. The Lazar receivables have arisen from bona fide transactions involving the sale of goods
or the rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

(e) No
Conflict. None of the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, conflicts or will conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) result in a termination, breach
or violation of (i) any instrument, contract or agreement to which the Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound, or to which
the Securities are subject; or (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordinance, judgment, decree, order, statute, or regulation,
or that of any other governmental body or authority, applicable to the Seller or the Securities.

4

(f) No
Consent. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or any filing or declaration with any governmental authority or any
other person or entity is required for the consummation by the Seller of any of the transactions on its part contemplated under
this Agreement.

(g) No
Other Interest. Neither Seller nor any of his affiliates has any interest, direct or indirect, in any shares of capital stock
or other equity of Minim, other than the Preferred Stock, the Warrant, and 1,481,980 shares of Common Stock.

(h) Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, judgments, claims or investigations pending or, other than as set forth on Schedule 4(h)
to this Agreement, threatened, by or against the Seller or affecting the Seller or the Securities, at law or in equity, before
any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. The Seller
has no defaults on its part with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any court,
arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality or any circumstance which would result in the discovery of such default.

(i) Full
Disclosure. No representation or warranty of the Seller in this Agreement omits to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements herein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. There is no fact known to the Seller
that has specific application to the Securities, the Lazar Receivables or Minim that materially adversely affects or, as far as
can be reasonably foreseen, materially threatens the Securities, the Lazar Receivables or Minim that has not been set forth in
this Agreement.

(j) Affiliate
Status. The Seller is an affiliate, as defined in Rule 144(a), promulgated under Section 4(a)(1) of
the Securities Act of 1933.

(k) Employees,
Directors and Officers. Minim and the Seller have not entered into any employment or independent contractor agreements with
any individuals or entities, or any option agreements or warrants, grants or promises for the issuance of securities of Minim,
except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 4(k).

(l) Transaction
Bonuses. Except as set forth on Schedule 4(l), Minim and the Seller have not entered into any written or oral agreement
that contains any severance obligations, retention bonuses, stay bonuses, change in control bonuses, transaction
bonuses, transaction commissions, incentive payments, sale bonuses, phantom equity payments or similar payments or arrangements
that will accelerate, vest or otherwise become due as a result of and in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the Minim SPA.

(m) Intentionally
Omitted.

(n) Capitalization.
The capitalization of Minim on a pro forma basis immediately following Closing is as set forth on Schedule 4(n), which
Schedule 4(n) also includes the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by affiliates of
Minim as of the date hereof. Attached to Schedule 4(n) is a true and correct copy of Minims stock ledger of its Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock. Except as set forth on Schedule 4(n):

5

(i) Minim
has not issued any capital stock since filing its Form 10-Q for the period ending November 19, 2024. No individual or entity
has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(ii) Other
than the Warrant, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any
individual or entity any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or any securities which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Minim is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or any securities which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock.

(iii) The
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate Minim to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any individual
or entity (other than the Purchasers or the Newly Issued Lazar Stock).

(iv) There
are no outstanding securities or instruments of Minim with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by Minim.

(v) There
are no outstanding securities or instruments of Minim that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Minim is or may become bound to redeem a security of Minim.

(vi) Minim
does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

(vii) All
of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Minim are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been
issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(o) Director
Fees. All amounts due and owing to each director on the Board of Directors of Minim has been paid in full.

4A. Representations
and Warranties of Minim. As an inducement to Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein, Minim represents and warrants to Purchasers, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, as follows:

(a) The
representations and warranties set forth in Section III.1 of the Minim SPA are incorporated herein by reference, mutuatis mutandis.

(b) Capitalization.
The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4(n) above are incorporated herein by reference.

6

5. Representations
and Warranties of Purchasers. As an inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein, each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

(a) Authority.
Each Purchaser has the right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and to perform his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligations of each Purchaser, enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof.

(b) No
Consent. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or any filing or declaration with any governmental authority or any
other person is required for the consummation by Purchasers of any of the transactions on their part contemplated under this Agreement.

(c) No
Conflict. None of the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, conflicts or will conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) result in a termination, breach
or violation of (i) any instrument, contract or agreement to which any Purchaser is a party or by which he, she or it is bound;
or (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordinance, judgment, decree, order, statute, or regulation, or that of any other
governmental body or authority, applicable to each Purchaser.

(d) Potential
Loss of Investment. Each Purchaser understands that an investment in the Securities is a speculative investment which involves
a high degree of risk and the potential loss of its entire investment.

(e) No
Advertising. At no time was any Purchaser presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or magazine article, radio
or television advertisement, or any other form of general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a promotional meeting otherwise
than in connection and concurrently with such communicated offer.

(f) Investment
Experience. Each Purchaser (either by herself, himself or itself, or with her, his or its advisors) is (i) experienced in making
investments of the kind described in this Agreement, (ii) able, by reason of its business and financial experience to protect her,
his or its own interests in connection with the transactions described in this Agreement, and (iii) able to afford the entire loss
of its investment in the Securities.

(g) Investment
Purposes. Each Purchaser is acquiring the restricted Securities for his, her or its own account as principal, not as a nominee
or agent, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution or fractionalization thereof in whole
or in part and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the amount of restricted Securities each Purchaser
is acquiring herein. Further, no Purchaser has any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer
or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to the restricted Securities each Purchaser is acquiring.

7

6. Conversion
Increase.

(a) Promptly
following Closing, Minim shall take all actions reasonably necessary to amend Minims certificate of incorporation (as amended
from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation) to increase the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock (as
such term is defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) from $1.40 to $2.75 (the Conversion Increase) in
consideration for the cancelation of the Warrant and the forgiveness of the Lazar Receivables. In furtherance of the foregoing,
Minim shall take all actions reasonably necessary to obtain all requisite corporate approvals necessary to effectuate the Conversion
Increase, including obtaining a written consent by holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of Minim, filing
an information statement with respect thereof, and providing any other notice required under its Certificate of Incorporation or
applicable law (the Required Approval).

(b) Once
Required Approval has been obtained, (i) Minim shall promptly file a certificate of amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation
reflecting the Conversion Increase, and (ii) as consideration for the Conversion Increase, the Purchasers agree that the Warrant
shall be automatically cancelled and the Lazar Receivables shall be automatically forgiven, without further action by any Party.

7. Power
of Attorney. Seller hereby appoints YCL as his attorney in fact and proxy with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
and grants YCL the power to vote and exercise all voting and related rights with respect. 2,656,980 shares of Common Stock of Minim
and 85,910 shares of Preferred Stock of Minim (and any and all securities issued or issuable in respect thereof), for and in the
name, place and stead of Seller, at YCLs sole discretion, at any annual, special or other meeting of the stockholders of
Minim, and at any adjournment or adjournments thereof, or pursuant to any consent in lieu of a meeting or otherwise, with respect
to any matter that may be submitted for a vote of stockholders of the Minim. Such appointment will be irrevocable until such time
as the Conversion Increase has occurred and is coupled with an interest, including for purposes of Section 212 of the DGCL.

8. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification.
Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser and their respective agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives
and their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the Purchaser Indemnified Parties) from and against
any and all damages, losses, liabilities, taxes and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and
costs) (collectively, Losses) resulting directly or indirectly from (a) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation,
breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of any of the representations and warranties of Seller in this Agreement, or any actions,
omissions or statements of fact inconsistent with in any material respect any such representation or warranty, as limited by the
knowledge qualifier(s) applicable thereto, (b) any failure by Seller to perform or comply with any agreement, covenant or obligation
in this Agreement, (c) the Conversion Increase, and (d) any liabilities, obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, asserted
or unasserted, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, known or unknown, matured or unmatured which are incurred by Minim
prior to Closing or otherwise relate to the period prior to Closing. The representations, warranties, covenants of Seller, and
each Purchasers right to indemnification with respect thereto, shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Purchaser or by reason of the fact that any Purchaser knew or should have known that any such representation
or warranty is, was or might be inaccurate.

8

(b) Survival.
All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Parties contained herein or in any other certificate or document
delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the date hereof until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.

(c) Third
Party Claims. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to
this Agreement (a Third Party Claim), such Purchaser shall promptly notify Seller in writing (a Claims
Notice), and the Seller shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser. Any Purchaser shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in
the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser except to the extent that
(i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Seller in writing, (ii) the Seller has failed within ten (10)
days after the Claims Notice to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion
of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Seller and the position of such Purchaser, in
which case the Seller shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The
Seller will not be liable to any Purchaser under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser effected without the Sellers
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a
loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchasers breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by such Purchaser in this Agreement. The indemnification required by this Section 8 shall be made
by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or
are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
against the Seller or others and any liabilities the Seller may be subject to pursuant to law.

(d) Direct
Claims. Any claim by a Purchaser on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third Party Claim (a Direct Claim)
shall be asserted by such Purchaser providing a Claims Notice to the Seller. The Seller shall have ten (10) days after its receipt
of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. The If the Seller does not so respond within such ten (10) day period,
the Seller shall be deemed to have rejected such claim, in which case the applicable Purchaser shall be free to pursue such remedies
as may be available to such Purchaser on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

(e) Once
a Loss is agreed to by the Seller or finally adjudicated to be payable pursuant to this Section 8, the Seller shall
satisfy its obligations within two (2) business days of such agreement or adjudication by wire transfer of immediately available
funds and/or, if applicable, by delivering a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent in accordance with Section 8(f).
The Parties agree that should the Seller not make full payment of any such obligations within such two (2) business day period,
any amount payable shall accrue interest from and including the date of agreement of the Seller or final adjudication of such Loss
up to and including the date such payment has been made at a rate per annum equal to 10%. Such interest shall be calculated daily
on the basis of a 365 day year and the actual number of days elapsed, compounding at the end of each calendar month.

9

(f) Any
Losses payable to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 8 shall be satisfied (i) from the Indemnity Escrow Amount (if
any) and (ii) to the extent the amount of Losses exceeds the amounts available to a Purchaser in the Indemnity Escrow Amount, from
the Seller. Purchasers and the Seller agree to execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent, within two (2) business days of the date
a Loss is agreed to or finally adjudicated to be payable pursuant to this Section 8, joint written instructions directing
the release of Indemnity Escrow Amount in accordance with such agreement or final adjudication.

(g) In
the event that the Earnout Payment is paid and the Indemnity Escrow Amount is deposited with the Escrow Agent as set forth in Section 3,
then the following shall apply:

(i) on
the six (6) month anniversary of the Listing Date (the First Indemnity Escrow Release Date), Purchasers and
the Seller shall deliver to the Escrow Agent joint written instructions directing the release of 50% of the Indemnity Escrow Amount
(to the extent not utilized to pay a Purchaser for any Loss or otherwise released pursuant to the Escrow Agreement) to the Seller
(such amount, the Released Amount), except that, in the event there are claims for indemnification under this
Section 8 asserted but not resolved (Unresolved Claims) prior to the First Indemnity Escrow Release
Date that exceed the remainder of the Indemnity Escrow Amount, the Escrow Agent shall retain a portion of the Released Amount so
that the escrow account retains an amount of the Released Amount to satisfy all Unresolved Claims.

(ii) on
the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Listing Date (the Second Indemnity Escrow Release Date), Purchasers
and the Seller shall deliver to the Escrow Agent joint written instructions directing the release of the reminder of the Indemnity
Escrow Amount (to the extent not utilized to pay a Purchaser for any Loss or otherwise released pursuant to the Escrow Agreement)
to the Seller, except that the Escrow Agent shall retain in the escrow account an amount equal to any Unresolved Claims asserted
prior to the Second Indemnity Escrow Release Date.

(iii) The
Indemnity Escrow Amount retained for Unresolved Claims shall be released by the Escrow Agent (to the extent not utilized to pay
a Purchaser for any such Losses resolved in favor of a Purchaser) upon their resolution in accordance with this Section 8
and the terms of the Escrow Agreement.

9. Termination
of Seller Agreement. Seller and Minim agree that the Employment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2024, as amended by
that certain Addendum to Employment Agreement, dated February 20, 2024, between Minim and Seller, dated September 1,
2024 (the Consulting Agreement), is hereby terminated, is of no further force or effect, and the rights, and
the rights and obligations of each of the parties thereunder is terminated, including, without limitation, the right of Seller
to receive any amount due and owing thereunder.

10. General
Release. As of the Closing Date, Seller, on behalf of himself, his spouse or domestic partner, if any, his affiliates, and,
if applicable, his heirs, successors, beneficiaries and assigns and others who may claim through him, hereby releases, waives,
and promises never to assert any claims or causes of action, whether or not now known, against Minim, the Purchasers

10

or any of
their respective predecessors, successors, or past or present subsidiaries, parents, officers, directors, stockholders, agents,
partners, members, managers, employees, assigns, attorneys and advisors and any affiliates thereof (the Released Parties)
from any and all actions, suits, claims, demands, debts, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, covenants, contracts,
controversies, promises, judgments, liabilities or obligations of any kind whatsoever in law or equity and causes of action of
every kind and nature, or otherwise (including claims for damages, costs, expenses, and attorneys, brokers and accountants
fees and expenses) arising out of or related to events, facts, conditions or circumstances existing or arising on or prior to the
Closing (collectively, Claims), which Seller can, shall or may have against the Released Parties, whether
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, unanticipated as well as anticipated and that exist as of Closing or may thereafter
accrue (other than with respect to an inaccuracy in or breach, violation or nonobservance of the representations, warranties, covenants
or other agreements made by such Parties under this Agreement) including any Claims with respect to Sellers employment,
director and officer positions with Minim, the valuation of the Securities, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
the Minim SPA; provided, however, that the release set forth in this Section 10 will not apply to a claim by Seller against
a Purchaser for breach of this Agreement. Each of the Released Parties is an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 10,
with the right to enforce the terms hereof.

11. Escrow
Agreement. On or before the Listing Date, if applicable, the Parties shall negotiate an escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent
for purposes of opening a new escrow account to hold the Indemnity Escrow Amount, on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Parties
(the Escrow Agreement).

12. Miscellaneous.

(a) Certain
Expenses. Purchasers shall be responsible for Minims expenses related to the preparation and filing of Minims
2024 Form 10-K and its 2025 annual meeting of its stockholders.

(b) Filing
of Schedule 14F. Minim shall, as promptly as practicable after the Closing Date, file a Schedule 14F with the SEC
disclosing the relevant details of the two individuals to be elected to the Board to fill vacancies left by the resignations of
the directors listed in Section 2(g) of this Agreement.

(c) Further
Assurances. From time to time, whether at or following the Closing, each Party shall make reasonable commercial efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable,
including as required by applicable laws, to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(d) Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing shall be deemed duly given (a) if by personal
delivery, when so delivered, (b) if mailed, three (3) business days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below, (c) if sent through an overnight
delivery service in circumstances to which such service guarantees next day delivery, the day following being so sent to the addresses
of the Parties as indicated above or on Schedule B hereto, and (d) if by email, on the day the email is sent. Any Party
may change the address to which notices and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties notice
in the manner herein set forth.

11

(e) Choice
of Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the
federal or state courts located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan in any actions or proceedings arising out of or relating
to this Agreement. Each of the Parties, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, expressly and irrevocably (i) consents and
submits to the personal jurisdiction of any of such courts in any such action or proceeding; (ii) consents to the service of any
complaint, summons, notice or other process relating to any such action or proceeding by delivery thereof to such Party as set
forth in Section 12(d) above and (iii) waives any claim or defense in any such action or proceeding based on any alleged lack
of personal jurisdiction, improper venue or forum non conveniens or any similar basis. EACH OF THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY WAIVES FOR
ITSELF AND ITS PERMITTED SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INSTITUTED IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

(f) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect of the transactions contemplated
hereby and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements and understandings of the Parties relating to the
subject matter hereof. No representation, promise, inducement, waiver of rights, agreement or statement of intention has been made
by any of the Parties which is not expressly embodied in this Agreement.

(g) Assignment.
Each Partys rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be assigned or delegated, by operation of law or otherwise,
without the other Partys prior written consent, and any such assignment or attempted assignment shall be void, of no force
or effect, and shall constitute a material default by such Party.

(h) Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties
or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the Parties.

(i) Waivers.
The failure of any Party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the right
at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by any Party of any condition, or the breach of any term, covenant, representation
or warranty contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be or
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other term, covenant, representation
or warranty of this Agreement.

(j) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts and by facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

12

(k) Severability. If
any term, provisions, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance
of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination,
the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely
as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated
to the fullest extent possible.

(l) Interpretation.
The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been jointly and equally drafted by them, and that the provisions
of this Agreement therefore shall not be construed against a Party or Parties on the ground that such Party or Parties drafted
or was more responsible for the drafting of any such provision(s). The Parties further agree that they have each carefully read
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that they know and understand the contents and effect of this Agreement and that the
legal effect of this Agreement has been fully explained to its satisfaction by counsel of its own choosing.

[SIGNATURES
ON NEXT PAGE]

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

SELLER:

/s/ David Elliot Lazar

David Elliot Lazar

MINIM:

MINIM, INC.

By: /s/ David Lazar

Name: David Lazar

Title: CEO and Chairman

PURCHASERS:

/s/
Cao Yu

Cao Yu

/s/Hu Bin

Hu Bin

Youxin Consulting Limited

/s/
Li Wai Chung

By: Li Wai Chung

Title: Authorized Signatory

14

SCHEDULE
A

LAZAR
RECEIVABLES

1. Legal
fees payable to Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP through Closing Date.

2. Legal
fees payable to Gulko Schwed Law in the aggregate approximate amount of $18,594.90.

3. Accrued
Salary and Consulting Fees payable to David Lazar, Matthew McMurdo, and ABZ Law Office in the aggregate amount equal to $113,825.

4. Severance
payable to David Lazar, Matthew McMurdo, and ABZ Law Office in the aggregate amount equal to $1,238,113.

Sch. A-1

SCHEDULE
B

PURCHASE
PRICE; CONTRIBUTION

Name and Address Pro Rata

Portion Allocation of Paid

Purchase Price

(Advance) Allocation of

Remaining Purchase Price

(Remaining Amount)

Cao, Yu

Room 802, Building 47,

Rongcheng Garden,

Xiangcheng District

Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province,

China 215100

E-mail: 517213365@qq.com 50.91% $101,820 $152,730

Hu Bin

Sudetenstrae 62,

89233 Neu-Ulm

Germany

E-mail: bin1970cn@gmail.com 38.18% $76,360 $114,540

Youxin Consulting Limited

Room 2404, World- Wide House,

19 Des Voeux Road Central

Hong Kong

E-mail: m18621030111@163.com 10.91% $21,820 $32,730

Total: 100% $200,000 $300,000

Sch. B-1

SCHEDULE
C

SECURITIES

Name and Address 

Pro Rata

Portion # of Shares of 

Preferred Stock

Cao, Yu

Room 802, Building 47, Rongcheng Garden, Xiangcheng District

Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China 215100

E-mail: 517213365@qq.com 50.91% 1,129,920

Hu Bin

Sudetenstrae 62,

89233 Neu-Ulm

Germany

E-mail: bin1970cn@gmail.com 38.18% 847,385

Youxin Consulting Limited

Room 2404, World- Wide House,

19 Des Voeux Road Central

Hong Kong

E-mail: m18621030111@163.com 10.91% 242,142

Total: 100% 2,219,447

Sch. C-1

DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE

This
Disclosure Schedule (this Disclosure Schedule) is being furnished by David Lazar (Seller)
to the Purchasers in connection with the execution and delivery of that certain Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated of even date herewith, by and among the Seller, the Purchasers and Minim, Inc., a Delaware corporation (as may be amended,
amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement). Unless the context
otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings assigned to
them in the Purchase Agreement.

The
disclosures set forth in any section or subsection of this Disclosure Schedule are arranged in sections and subsections corresponding
to the numbered and lettered sections and subsections contained in the Purchase Agreement. The disclosures in any section or subsection
of this Disclosure Schedule shall qualify any and all other sections and subsections in the Purchase Agreement to the extent it
is reasonable that such disclosure would be applicable to such other sections and subsections.

All
references in this Disclosure Schedule to the enforceability of contracts with third parties, the existence or non-existence of
third-party rights, the absence of breaches or defaults by third parties, or similar matters or statements, are intended only to
allocate rights and risks among the Seller, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, and are not intended to be
admissions against interests, give rise to any inference or proof of accuracy, be admissible against any party by any person who
is not a party to the Purchase Agreement, or give rise to any claim or benefit to any person who is not a party to the Purchase
Agreement. The disclosure of any allegation, threat, notice or other communication shall not be deemed to include disclosure of
the truth of the matter communicated. In addition, the disclosure of any matter in this Disclosure Schedule is not to be deemed
an admission that such matter actually constitutes non-compliance with, or violation of, applicable law, any material permit, any
contract or other topic to which such disclosure is applicable. Where a contract or other document is referenced, summarized or
described in this Disclosure Schedule, such reference, summary or description does not purport to be a complete statement of the
terms or conditions of such contract or other document and such reference, summary or description is qualified in its entirety
by the specific terms and conditions of such contract or other document and shall be deemed to include references to such contract
or other documents exhibits, amendments and schedules (including statement of works and orders), in each case, to the extent
made available to the Seller in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. In disclosing the items disclosed in this Disclosure Schedule,
the Seller expressly does not waive any attorney-client privilege associated with any such items or any protection afforded by
the work-product doctrine with respect to any such items.

The
information contained in this Disclosure Schedule is current as of the date of the Purchase Agreement.

Sch. C-2

Schedule 4(h)

The
Seller is involved in an active lawsuit with Nasdaq. Complete details of this suit have been disclosed to all parties to this Agreement.

Although
no claim has been threatened or discussed, Minim had a contract with Worcester Polytechnical Institute which was never implemented.
The value of the agreement was $350,000. Minim believes that no work was done on this contract and therefore has no liability.
No lawsuit has been filed or threatened. WPI value was $298,936, with Seller paying $224,202. $74,734 remains unpaid.

Pursuant
to the demand letter, dated August 6, 2024, Yihucha Technology Co. Ltd. (Yihucha) threatened to commence litigation
against Seller by August 9, 2024 if Seller did not return $500,000 paid to Seller as a deposit to purchase the Securities
pursuant to the terms set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 22, 2024, by and between Seller
and Yihucha. To date, no litigation has commenced by either Seller or Yihucha and Yihucha has waived all claims against Seller.

Sch. C-3

Schedule 4(k)

Employment
Agreements with David Lazar and Matt McMurdo were converted to independent consulting contracts in October 2024. Avraham Ben-Tzvi
also has an independent consulting contract. These contracts provide for severance payments equal to the value remaining on the
three (3) year term starting in January 2024. These severance payments have been waived.

Minim
has an independent contractor agreement with DS Feller Company, LLC. There is no severance clause in this agreement.

Minims
Directors accrue board fees pursuant to written agreements at the rate of $12,500 per quarter.

The
Seller is not aware of any other commitments Minim has with contractors and/or employees.

Sch. C-4

Schedule 4(l)

David
Lazar (waived).

Sch. C-5

Schedule 4(n)

Capitalization

Sch. C-6

MINIM, INC.

Series A Convertible Preferred Shareholders

Name/Address Shares Issued

David Lazar 30B,

Tower 200 The Towers

Winston Churchill

San Francisco, Paitilla

Panama City 07196 Panama 2,000,000 January 23, 2024 

David Lazar 30B,

Tower 200 The Towers

Winston Churchill

San Francisco, Paitilla

Panama City 07196 Panama 305,357 Sept 24, 2024 

Sch. C-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>miniminc_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement (this Amendment), dated as of February 18, 2025, is entered into by and among (i) MINIM, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and (ii) CAO, YU, an individual, HU-BIN, an individual, and Youxin Consulting Limited, a Hong Kong company (each of the foregoing in (ii), a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers). All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

WITNESETH:

WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchasers have entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchasers desire to amend the Purchase Agreement as provided herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Amendment to Purchase Agreement. The Outside Date in Section IV.16(b)(ii) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting December 31, 2024 and replacing it with December 31, 2025.

2. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of Law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would result in the application of the Law of any other jurisdiction.

(b) Effect on Transaction Documents. The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall amend and supersede the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement solely to the extent set forth in Section 1 above, and except as expressly amended in Section 1 above, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. All references in the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents to the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to refer to such agreement as amended by this Amendment.

(c) Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Signature Page Follows

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

MINIM, INC.

By: /s/ David Lazar

Name: David Lazar

Title: CEO and Chairman

[Amendment No 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement]

2

PURCHASERS

/s/ Cao, Yu

Cao, Yu

/s/ Hu-Bin

Hu-Bin

Youxin Consulting Limited

By: /s/ Li Wai Chung

Name: Li Wai Chung

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Amendment No 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement]

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>minm-20241113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>minm-20241113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>minm-20241113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37649

Entity Registrant Name MINIM, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001467761

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-2621506

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 848 Elm Street

Entity Address, City or Town Manchester

Entity Address, State or Province NH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 03101

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 966-4646

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol MINM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://minm/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

miniminc_8k.htm 
minm-20241113.xsd 
minm-20241113_lab.xml 
minm-20241113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-001187-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>miniminc_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001467761 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001467761 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
MINIM, INC. 
DE 
001-37649 
04-2621506 
848 Elm Street 
Manchester 
NH 
03101 
(833) 
966-4646 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
MINM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>