<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-008329.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-008329.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319092633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-008329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bantec, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				300967943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55789
		FILM NUMBER:		25751021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 PATERSON AVENUE
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-220-2296

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 PATERSON AVENUE
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bantek Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Drone USA Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170426
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bant20250319_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?bant20250319_8k.htm

false000170479500017047952024-12-242024-12-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 24, 2024

Bantec, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

000-55789 

30-0967943

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

37 Main Street, Sparta, NJ07871

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(203) 220-2296

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Not applicable.

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 18, 2024, Bantec, Inc. (the Company) consented to an Assignment Agreement between Trillium Partners LP (Trillium) and Matterhorn Partners LLC (Matterhorn).

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

On December 18, 2024, the Company consented to an Assignment Agreement entered into between Trillium and Matterhorn wherein Trillium assigned certain outstanding Company securities and debt obligations (Securities) held by Trillium to Matterhorn for cash consideration to Trillium. The assigned Securities included the following: (i) the advance agreement and underlying promissory note (the Note) issued by Company to the Trillium dated July 1, 2022 for money lent, with a balance equal to $276,444.95, inclusive of interest (the advance agreement and the Note collectively referred to as the Note); (ii) 224,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued to the Trillium on April 18, 2023 (Preferred Shares) with a stated value of $348,555.05, inclusive of accrued dividends; and (iii) a warrant to purchase 10,836,962 shares of the Companys common stock issued to the Trillium on July 21, 2022, as adjusted by the Companys reverse stock split effective July 17, 2023, and further adjusted pursuant to antidilution provisions set forth in the warrant.

In connection with the Assignment Agreement, the Company exchanged the Note and the Preferred Shares and issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note to Matterhorn in the principal amount of $625,000 (Restated Note). The Restated Note is convertible into the Companys common stock per the terms of the Restated Note.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

The following exhibits are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Assignment Agreement dated December 18th, 2024.

10.1 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note Dated December 18, 2024.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 19, 2025 

Bantec, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Michael Bannon

Name: 

Michael Bannon

Title: 

President and CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_791932.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 4.1

ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

This Assignment Agreement (the "Agreement") dated December 18, 2024 by and between, TRILLIUM PARTNERS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Assignor); and Matterhorn Partners LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company (the "Investor").

WHEREAS, BANTEC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), desires to fulfill certain obligations owed to the Assignor as represented by the following securities: (i) the advance agreement (the Advance Agreement) and underlying promissory note (the Note) of the Company in favor of the Assignor dated July 1, 2022 with the current balance of $276,444.95 (Principal: $183,259.00; Accrued Interest: $5,482.71; Accrued Default Interest: $87,703.24) (the Advance Agreement and the Note collectively referred to as the Advance as attached hereto as Exhibit A); (ii) 224,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company which were issued to the Assignor on April 18, 2023 (Preferred Shares book entry attached hereto as Exhibit B) with an agreed upon value of $348,555.05; and (ii) a warrant to purchase 1,120,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company in favor of the Assignor dated July 21, 2022 which has been reduced to 1,120,000 as a result of the Companys reverse stock split on July 17, 2023 and then increased to 10,836,962 shares of common stock as a result of the antidilution provisions (Warrant as attached hereto as Exhibit C; and together with the Advance, the Preferred Shares, collectively, the Securities);

WHEREAS, the Assignor desires to sell, assign and transfer the Securities to the Investor; and the Investor wishes to buy the Securities from the Assignor; and hereby consents to the amendment and restatement of the Advance as set forth in (i) above in the initial recital) from Assignor to Investor; and

WHEREAS, to effectuate this understanding, the Parties agree to enter this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to implement the foregoing and in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

I. 

Purchase and Sale of the Securities. 

1.1 Agreement to Assign, Purchase and Sell. Subject to the terms and on the conditions hereinafter set forth, the Assignor hereby assigns, sells and transfers all of its rights, title and interests in, and the Investor hereby agrees to purchase the Securities from Assignor and accept the Amended and Restated Note as defined in Section 1.3 hereof for the aggregate consideration of Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00) (the "Purchase Price"), to be paid as set forth in Section 1.3.

1.2 Closing of the Assignment. The closing of the assignment of the Securities (the "Closing") shall be deemed to take place at the offices of Investor, on the date hereof or at the earliest date of the completion of the events as set forth in the following sentence. At the Closing, Assignor will cause Warrant to be delivered to Investor in book entry, the delivery to the Investor of the Letter and the Amended Note, and the Investor shall pay the Purchase Price to the Assignor to the following bank wire instructions:

1.3 Amended and Restated Note. The Company shall issue an amended and restated note in favor of the Investor in the amount of $625,000.00 (representing: (i) with respect to the Note: $276,444.95; and (ii) with respect to the Preferred Shares: with an agreed upon value of $348,555.05), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Amended Note) at the Closing of the transactions contemplated by this agreement, as an amendment and restatement of the Advance and the complete redemption of the Preferred Shares.

II. 

Representations and Warranties of Assignor.

The Assignor hereby represents and warrants the following: (a) the Assignor owns the Securities free and clear of all any and all liens, claims, encumbrances, preemptive rights and adverse interests of any kind; (b) the Assignor or any affiliate of Assignor (collectively, jointly and severally, Assignors Affiliate) is not now, and has not been during the preceding three months, an officer, director, or more than 4.99% shareholder of the Company or in any other way an affiliate of the Company as that term is defined in Rule 144(a)(1) as promulgated under the Securities Actof 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); (c) the Assignor has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and otherwise to carry out the Assignors obligations hereunder; and no consent, approval or agreement of any individual or entity is required to be obtained by the Assignor in connection with the execution and performance by the Assignor of this Agreement or the execution and performance by the Assignor of any agreements, instruments or other obligations entered into in connection with this Agreement; (d) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Assignor; (e) neither the execution of this Agreement by the Assignor nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will result in a breach or violation of the terms of any agreement by which the Assignor is bound, or of any decree, judgment, order, law or regulation now in effect of any court or other governmental body applicable to the Assignor; (f) the Assignor acquired the Securities for its own benefit and account for investment only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, a public offering or distribution thereof; (g) the Assignor fully paid the Company for the Securities; (h) to the knowledge of the Assignor, there are no investigations, actions, suits or proceedings, administrative or otherwise, threatened or pending that affects Assignors rights to the Securities, the sale of the Securities itself or the Company; (i) Assignor is not insolvent, is not in receivership, nor is any application for receivership pending; no proceedings are pending by or against it in bankruptcy or reorganization in any state or federal court; nor has it committed any act of bankruptcy; and (j) there has been no act or omission by Assignor which would give rise to any valid claim against any of the parties hereto for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other like payment in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby.

III. 

Representations and Warranties of Investor

Investor hereby represents and warrants to the Assignor and the Company the following: (a) Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and otherwise to carry out Investors obligations hereunder; and no consent, approval or agreement of any individual or entity is required to be obtained by Investor in connection with the performance by Investor of any agreements, instruments or other obligations entered into in connection with this Agreement; (b) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Investor; (c) neither the execution of this Agreement by Investor nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will result in a breach or violation of the terms of any agreement by which Investor is bound, or of any decree, judgment, order, law or regulation now in effect of any court or other government body applicable to Investor; (d) Investor is sophisticated in financial matters, qualifies as an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act, and has had access to such information as it has desired with respect to the Company, and has made such independent investigation of the Company as Investor deems necessary or advisable in connection with the purchase hereunder, and Investor is able to bear the economic and financial risk (including the risk that Investor could lose the entire value of the Securities); and (e) Investor is acquiring the Securities for its own benefit and account for investment only; (f) Investor is not insolvent, is not in receivership, nor is any application for receivership pending; no proceedings are pending by or against it in bankruptcy or reorganization in any state or federal court; nor has it committed any act of bankruptcy; (g) Investor understands that the Securities are subject to U.S. federal and states securities laws and as a result may be subject to restrictions on transferability; and (h) there has been no act or omission by Investor which would give rise to any valid claim against any of the parties hereto for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other like payment in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby.

IV. 

Assignors and Companys Conditions to Closing.

4.1 Accuracy of Representations. Each of the representations and warranties of Investor contained in Article III shall be true, complete and correct in all respects.

4.2 No Action to Restrain. No statute, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, enforced or deemed applicable by any court of competent jurisdiction, arbitrator, government or governmental authority or agency, which statute, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree shall be in effect and restrain, enjoin, prohibit or otherwise make illegal the consummation of the sale and purchase of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement.

V. 

Investors Conditions to Closing.

5.1 Accuracy of Representations. Each of the representations and warranties of Assignor contained in Article II shall be true, complete and correct in all respects.

5.2 No Action to Restrain. No statute, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree shall have been enacted, promulgated, enforced or deemed applicable by any court of competent jurisdiction, arbitrator, government or governmental authority or agency, which statute, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree shall be in effect and restrain, enjoin, prohibit or otherwise make illegal the consummation of the sale and purchase of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement.

VI. 

Miscellaneous.

6.1 Indemnification. Each party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party from and against any loss, liability, claim or damage (including incidental and consequential damages), expenses (including costs of investigation and defense and reasonable attorney's fees), whether or not involving a third-party claim, arising out of or in connection with any breach of this Agreement.

6.2 Binding Effect; Assignment. Except as provided to the contrary hereinabove, this Agreement shall apply to and shall be binding upon the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns and all persons claiming by, through or under any of the aforesaid persons.

6.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior contemporaneous agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

6.4 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto.

6.5 Applicable Law. This agreement and all transactions contemplated in this Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Florida. The parties herein waive trial by jury and agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of U.S. Federal or State Courts located inthe State of Florida. In the event that litigation results from or arises out of this Agreement or the performance thereof, the parties agree to reimburse the prevailing partys reasonable attorneys fees, court costs and all other expenses, whether or not taxable by the court as costs, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled.

6.6 Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained in this Agreement shall not be in any way impaired, it being intended that all rights, powers and privileges of the parties hereto shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

6.7 Further Assurances. The Assignor shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the Investor may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.8 Notices. All notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received.

6.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Investor have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

Assignor: Investor:

TRILLIUM PARTNERS L.P. Matterhorn Partners LLC

By: 

Stephen Hicks Paul Montney

Manager of the General Partner Manager

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

BANTEC, INC. 

By: Michael Bannon

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_791927.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. 

Principal Amount: $625,000.00 Issue Date: December 18, 2024

Original Date of Loan and Advance which the note is amending and restating: July 1, 2022 

AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BANTEC, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to the order of Matterhorn Partners LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder) the sum of $625,000.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on December 18, 2025 (the Maturity Date), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12%) (the Interest Rate) per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest). Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date but shall not be payable until the Note becomes payable (whether at Maturity Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

This Note amends and restates the Advance Agreement by and between the Borrower or its subsidiary and Trillium Partners LP (Trillium) dated July 1, 2022 whereby Trillium loaned to the Borrower $200,000.00 (the Advance Agreement) and redeems 224,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock of the Borrower owned by Trillium (the Series C Preferred Stock) pursuant to the assignment agreement as of the date hereof by and among the Borrower, the Holder and Trillium whereby the Advance Agreement and the Series C Preferred Stock were assigned, sold and transferred to the Holder, and upon the issuance of this Note, as of the date hereof, shares of Series C Preferred Stock are cancelled and the Advance Agreement is of no force or effect.

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time, each in respect of the then outstanding amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price) determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion asset forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, during the period beginning on the date of this Note and ending on the first of the following to occur: (i) Maturity Date; and (ii) date of an Event of Default, the dollar amount of the aggregate of all conversions pursuant to this Note during each thirty (30) day period from the date hereof shall not exceed $80,000.00 (Monthly Threshold); if, in any thirty (30) day period, the conversions pursuant to this Note are less than the Monthly Threshold, the Monthly Threshold with respect to the next (30) day period shall be increased by the amount equal to the Monthly Threshold less the aggregate conversions with respect to this Note in the prior thirty (30) day period less.

The Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder's deposit fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. Any additional expenses incurred by Holder with respect to the Borrower's transfer agent, for the issuance of the Common Stock into which this Note is convertible into, shall immediately and automatically be added to the balance of the Note at such time as the expenses are incurred by Holder.

1.2 Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein)(subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrowers securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean 70% multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 30%). Market Price means the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC) as reported by a reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

1.3 Authorized Shares. At all times when this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower covenants that it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Notes based on the Conversion Price of the Note (initially 394,921,351 shares of common stock shall be reserved with respect to this Note)(the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note.

1.4 Method of Conversion.

(a) Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(c) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion.

(d) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(e) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock; or if the failure to deliver is not the result of the willful and purposeful actions of the Borrower. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified.

1.5 Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act)).

Any restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

(a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business.

2.2 Seniority; Security Interest. (a) As set forth in the Advance Agreement, the indebtedness evidenced by this Note (formerly under the Advance Agreement) and the payment of the Principal Amount and Interest shall be secured by all Receivables, all other payment rights arising out of the provision of goods and services by the Company and the Collection Account, as such terms are defined in the Advance Agreement (collectively, the Collateral).

(b) This Note is secured by a first lien and security interest in the Collateral of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the Advance Agreement.

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1 Failure to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder.

3.2 Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder.

3.3 Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral documents and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note and any ancillary documents and agreements.

3.5 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.

3.7 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the quotation or listing of the Common Stock, as applicable, on at least one of the OTC Markets (which specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange, as applicable.

3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.9 Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.10 Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.11 Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.13 Cross-Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.

UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT (AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default (other than as specified in Section 3.2 hereof), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (x) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (y) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment; plus (z) any fees or charges owed to the Holder pursuant to this Note (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect.

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, email or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Borrower, to:

BANTEC, INC.

37 Main Street

Sparta, NJ 07871

Attn: Michael Bannon, Chief Executive Officer

If to the Holder:

Matterhorn Partners LLC

Attention: Paul Montney, Manager

4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bonafide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower.

4.5 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

4.7 Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

4.8 Further Assurances. The Borrower shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the Holder may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. If following the execution of this Note, it is determined by legal counsel to the Borrower that Rule 144 is not available to remove any restrictions on the shares of common stock issued upon the conversion of the Note, the Borrower hereby agrees that it shall, within sixty (60) days of such determination, use its best efforts to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the shares of common stock issued upon the conversion of this Note.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on December 18, 2024

BANTEC, INC. 

By: _______________________________

Michael Bannon

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bant-20241224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bant-20241224_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bant-20241224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bant-20241224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Dec. 24, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Bantec, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Dec. 24, 2024

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 000-55789

Entity, Tax Identification Number 30-0967943

Entity, Address, Address Line One 37 Main Street

Entity, Address, City or Town Sparta

Entity, Address, State or Province NJ

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 07871

City Area Code 203

Local Phone Number 220-2296

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001704795

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.bant.com/20241224/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bant-20241224.xsd 
bant-20241224_def.xml 
bant-20241224_lab.xml 
bant-20241224_pre.xml 
bant20250319_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-008329-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>bant20250319_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001704795 

2024-12-24 
2024-12-24 

false 
0001704795 
8-K 
2024-12-24 
Bantec, Inc. 
DE 
000-55789 
30-0967943 
37 Main Street 
Sparta 
NJ 
07871 
203 
220-2296 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>