<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-031633.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-031633.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414172106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-031633
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RICHTECH ROBOTICS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001963685
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				882870106
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41866
		FILM NUMBER:		25836817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4175 CAMERON ST STE 1
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8662363835

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4175 CAMERON ST STE 1
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238240-8k_richtech.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196368500019636852025-04-082025-04-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
8, 2025

Richtech Robotics Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41866 88-2870106

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4175 Cameron St Ste 1

Las Vegas, NV89103

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (866) 236-3835

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share RR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 8, 2025 (the Effective
Date), Richtech Robotics Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into an agreement (the Purchase
and Sale Agreement) with L & R Investment LLC, a Utah limited liability company (the Seller), with respect to
the purchase of a parcel of land of approximately 20,000 square feet located at 2975 Lincoln Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89115 (the Property).
This Property will serve as the Companys new headquarters that we believe will further integrate the Companys domestic sourcing
and assembly operations to satisfy the Companys continued growth.

The
purchase price of the Property is $4,100,000.00, inclusive of a $50,000.00 earnest money payment (the Earnest Money). The
Company and the Seller have agreed to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase
Transaction) on or before the fifteenth (15th) day after the expiration of the Inspection Period but in no event later
than May 15, 2025, subject to the closing conditions set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, including the determination by the
Company, in its sole discretion, that the Property is satisfactory for the use and purposes intended by the Company.

The
Purchase and Sale Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, indemnification provisions and closing conditions that are
customary for transactions of this type. The Purchase and Sale Agreement provides for a customary inspection period ending on the thirtieth
(30th) day after the Effective Date (the Inspection Period), and the Company has the right to terminate the Purchase and
Sale Agreement upon written notice to the Seller within the Inspection Period. In the event of such termination by the Company, the Earnest
Money will be delivered to the Company by the escrow agent.

The
foregoing description of the Purchase and Sale Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact included
in this Form 8-K are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 8-K, words such as anticipate,
believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend,
may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project,
should, would and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management team, identify forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of the Companys management, as well as assumptions made by,
and information currently available to, the Companys management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated
by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in the Companys filings with the SEC. All subsequent
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are qualified in their entirety
by this paragraph. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company,
including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and initial public offering prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements
for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are
being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated April 8, 2025, by and between the Company and L & R Investment LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain
annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted attachment to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request.

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Richtech Robotics Inc.

By: /s/ Zhenwu (Wayne) Huang

Name: Zhenwu (Wayne) Huang

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director

Dated: April 14, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023824001ex10-1_richtech.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 8, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND L & R INVESTMENT LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

PURCHASE AND SALE
AGREEMENT

THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (the Agreement)
is made and entered into as of this 8th day of April, 2025 (Effective Date), by and between Seller and Purchaser
(as hereinafter defined).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Seller desires to
sell the Property (as hereinafter defined) to Purchaser upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and Purchaser desires to
purchase the Property from Seller upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the premises, the mutual covenants and agreements herein set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Seller and Purchaser hereby covenant and agree as hereinafter set forth.

1. Party Information. The following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

(a) Purchaser: Richtech Robotics Inc. (or its assignee) a Nevada corporation

(b) Seller: L & R Investment LLC a Utah limited liability company

(c) Title Company: First American Title Insurance Company

(d) Escrow Agent: First American Title Insurance Company c/o Kristin Ravelo

(e) Purchasers Broker: Evolve Realty, c/o Michael Zeng

(f) Sellers Broker: Colliers, c/o Chris Lane

2. Purchaser and Sale of Property. Subject to and in accordance with the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, Seller hereby agrees to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from Seller, the Property, which term Property
shall mean and include the following:

(a) all that tract or parcel of land located at 2975 Lincoln Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89115 [Assessors
Parcel Number: 140-18-615-006], consisting of approximately +/-20,200 square feet of an industrial building with attached warehouse on
+/-1.26 acres of land, being more particularly described on Exhibit A attached hereto and by this reference
made a part hereof (herein referred to as the Land); and

(b) all rights, privileges, and easements appurtenant to the Land, and all rights, title, and interest of
Seller, if any, in and to any land lying in the bed of any street, road, alley, or rightofway, open or proposed, adjacent to or abutting
the Land; and

(c) all buildings, structures, and improvements situated on the Land, including, without limitation, the parking
areas and other amenities located on the Land (all of which are herein collectively referred to as the Improvements;
and

(d) all tangible personal property items listed in Exhibit B attached hereto and by this reference
made a part hereof (herein referred to as the Tangible Personal Property).

1

3. Escrow Agent and Earnest Money.

(a) The transaction described in this Agreement will be consummated through an escrow (the Escrow)
established with Escrow Agent acting as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Within three (3) business days after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Purchaser shall deposit with
Escrow Agent the sum of Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($50,000.00) (the Deposit), in immediately available
funds. If the Deposit is not timely delivered to the Escrow Agent, this Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force
or effect. Said Deposit shall remain refundable to the Purchaser until the expiration of the Inspection Period, after which the Deposit
shall become non-refundable to the Purchaser , but applicable to the Purchase Price. The Deposit, and any interest thereon, shall be collectively
referred to herein as the Earnest Money.

(c) The Earnest Money shall be deposited by Escrow Agent. Seller and Purchaser agree that the Escrow Agent
shall not be responsible for any penalties, loss of principal or interest, or the consequences of a delay in withdrawal of the Earnest
Money, if any, which may be imposed as a result of the making or the redeeming of the above investment, as the case may be. Seller and
Purchaser also agree that Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any loss or impairment of the Escrow which results from the failure, insolvency
or suspension of the financial institution in which the Earnest Money is deposited. Escrow shall be deemed open, as of the date on which
Escrow Agent receives a fully executed copy of this Agreement.

(d) If Purchaser timely terminates this Agreement in accordance with its terms, then upon such termination,
neither Party shall have any further obligations hereunder except for those which expressly survive any such termination, and the Deposit
shall be returned to Purchaser unless otherwise provided herein. Upon expiration of the Inspection Period (as defined in Section 8 herein)
and provided Purchaser does not terminate this Agreement in accordance with its terms prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period,
the Earnest Money shall become non-refundable.

(e) The Earnest Money (and all interest earned thereon) shall be applied to the Purchase Price (as hereinafter
defined) at Closing (as hereinafter defined) or shall be disbursed as otherwise provided herein.

(f) If the Closing does not occur as a result of a default by Purchaser under the terms of this Agreement,
then upon at least five (5) days notice from Seller to Purchaser and Escrow Agent, except that no notice shall be required if the default
is failure to comply with Section 8 herein, and provided such default is not cured by Purchaser within such period, the Earnest Money
shall be paid to Seller, and Seller shall be entitled to retain the Earnest Money as full liquidated damages for such default of Purchaser,
whereupon this Agreement shall terminate and the parties shall have no further rights or obligations hereunder, except for those which
expressly survive any such termination. It is hereby agreed that Sellers damages in the event of a default by Purchaser hereunder are
uncertain and difficult to ascertain and that the Earnest Money constitutes a reasonable liquidation of such damages and is intended not
as a penalty, but as full liquidated damages and Sellers sole remedy.

(g) If the Seller fails to perform any of the covenants and agreement set forth in this Agreement on its part
to be performed, then upon at least five (5) days notice from Purchaser to Seller and Escrow Agent, and provided such default is not
cured by Seller within such period Purchaser may elect to (i) have the Earnest Money returned to Purchaser and upon such return, the parties
hereto shall be relieved of any further liability or obligation hereunder; or (ii) in lieu of such remedy, the Purchaser may enforce its
rights hereunder by way of an action for specific performance.

(h) It is agreed that if a dispute should arise between Purchaser and Seller as to the final disposition of
the Earnest Money, then Escrow Agent may interplead to a court of jurisdiction to determine who is entitled to the Earnest Money and the
cost of such action, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred by Escrow Agent, shall be borne by the Party not entitled to the Earnest
Money as determined by such final disposition.

2

(i) Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that Escrow Agent is serving solely as an accommodation to the parties
hereto, and except for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent, Escrow Agent shall have no liability of any kind
whatsoever arising out of or in connection with its activity as Escrow Agent. Seller and Purchaser jointly and severally agree to and
do hereby indemnify and hold harmless Escrow Agent from all suits, actions, loss, costs, claims, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including,
without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements) which may be incurred by reason of its acting as Escrow Agent and such indemnity
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. In no event shall the Escrow Agent be liable for any lost profits or for any incidental,
special, consequential or punitive damages whether or not the Escrow Agent knew of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.

(j) If for any reason the Closing does not occur and either Party makes a written demand upon Escrow Agent
for payment or refund, as the case may be, of the Earnest Money or any portion thereof, Escrow Agent shall give written notice to the
other Party of such demand. If Escrow Agent does not receive a written objection from the other Party to the proposed payment or refund,
as the case may be, within five (5) business days after the giving of the notice described in the preceding sentence, Escrow Agent is
hereby authorized to make such payment or refund; provided, however, if for any reason Escrow Agent in good faith shall elect not to make
such payment, Escrow Agent shall continue to hold such amount until otherwise directed by written instructions from both parties to this
Agreement or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Escrow Agent shall have the right at
any time to deposit the Earnest Money with a court of competent jurisdiction. Escrow Agent shall give written notice of such deposit to
Seller and Purchaser. Upon such deposit, Escrow Agent shall be relieved and discharged of all further obligations and responsibilities
hereunder.

4. Purchase Price. Subject to prorations, adjustments, and credits as specified in this Agreement,
Purchaser shall pay to Seller, in consideration of the conveyance of the Property to Purchaser and as the purchase price (the Purchase
Price) therefor, the sum of Four Million One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,100,000.00). The Purchase Price
shall be paid to Seller at Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller and subject to prorations,
adjustments, and credits as specified in this Agreement.

5. Inspection of Property; Delivery of Sellers Documents. Purchaser and Purchasers authorized agents
and representatives shall at all times after the Effective Date and prior to the Closing (as hereinafter defined), upon reasonable prior
notice of at least twenty-four (24) hours to Seller, have the right and privilege of entering upon the Property with its agents, employees,
engineers and such other representatives as are needed to inspect, examine, survey and otherwise conduct such activity which Purchaser
deems necessary or desirable in determining the suitability of the Property for Purchasers intended use of the Property. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, all such inspections shall be non-destructive in nature, and specifically shall not include any physically intrusive testing
without the prior written consent of Seller. All such inspections shall be performed in such a manner as will not interfere with the business
of any tenant at the Property (if any). Purchaser agrees to promptly restore the Property to its original condition after any such entry.
Purchaser shall indemnify and hold Seller and the Property harmless from and against any and all damages incurred through the exercise
of such privilege. The foregoing indemnity of Purchaser shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

3

Prior to any entry by Purchaser or any of
Purchasers designees onto the Property, Purchaser shall: (i) if Purchaser does not then have such a policy in force, procure a
policy of commercial general liability insurance, issued by an insurer reasonably satisfactory to Seller, covering all of
Purchasers activities on the Property, with a single limit of liability (per occurrence and aggregate) of not less than $2,000,000;
and (ii) deliver to Seller a certificate of insurance evidencing that such insurance is in force and effect and evidencing that
Seller has been named as an additional insured thereunder with respect to any of Purchasers activities on the Property (such
certificate of insurance shall be delivered to Seller at the address for notices set forth below). Such insurance shall be written
on an occurrence basis and shall be maintained in force until the earlier of (x) the termination of this Agreement and
the conclusion of all of Purchasers activities on the Property, or (y) Closing.

Seller shall reasonably cooperate with Purchaser
and Purchasers authorized agents and representatives during the Inspection Period to help facilitate Purchasers due
diligence efforts, including without limitation:

(a) providing to Purchaser, within five (5) business days after the Escrow Agent confirms receipt of the Earnest
Money, all non-privileged, non-work product written information, documents, and instruments in Sellers possession concerning the
Property (the Due Diligence Materials), including but not limited to:

(i) building plans, including site plans, floor plans, elevations,
and all plans related to Sellers office improvements,

(ii) any soil reports, including Phase I and Phase II environmental
studies, engineering reports, or other studies related to the Property in Sellers possession,

(iii) all bills for the year 2024 for power, water, gas, internet,
trash, and sewer services,

(iv) all bills from the year 2024 for HVAC, swamp coolers, sprinkler
system maintenance, and inspections,

(v) the fire insurance policy in effect for the year 2024; and

(b) providing to Purchaser any additional Due Diligence Materials in Sellers possession as Purchaser
may, from time to time, reasonably request.

Any Due Diligence Materials
have been or will be provided to Purchaser without any representation or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever and are merely provided
to Purchaser for Purchasers informational purposes.

If Purchasers due
diligence investigations reveal any material defects, structural deficiencies, or other conditions that materially affect the use, value,
or marketability of the Property, Purchaser shall notify Seller in writing (the Defect Notice) on or before the expiration
of the Inspection Period. Seller shall have a period of ten (10) business days after receipt of the Defect Notice (the Cure
Period) to notify Purchaser whether Seller agrees to remedy the identified defects at Sellers sole cost and expense
prior to Closing.

(i) If Seller agrees to cure
the identified defects, Seller shall take commercially reasonable efforts to remediate such issues before the Closing Date.

(ii) If Seller refuses or
fails to agree in writing to cure such defects within the Cure Period, Purchaser shall have the right, at its sole election, to either:
(1) terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to Seller, whereupon all Earnest Money shall be immediately refunded to Purchaser,
and the parties shall have no further obligations hereunder; or (2) proceed to Closing, accepting the Property as is and
waiving any claims against Seller for the identified defects.

Nothing in this Section 5
prohibits the parties from mutually negotiating amendments to this Agreement based upon Purchasers due diligence investigation
of the Property, nor does anything in this Section 5 require Seller to take any remedial action or incur any material out of pocket costs
or expenses.

4

6. Condition of the Property.

(a) Except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Section 13 herein (collectively,
Sellers Express Representations and Warranties), Seller does not, by the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
and Seller shall not, by the execution and delivery of any document or instrument executed and delivered in connection with Closing, make
any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind or nature whatsoever, with respect to the Property, and all such warranties
(except for Sellers Express Representations and Warranties) are hereby disclaimed. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
except for Sellers Express Representations and Warranties, Seller makes, and shall make, no express or implied warranty as to matters
of: title (other than Sellers limited warranty of title set forth in the Deed to be delivered at Closing); zoning; tax consequences;
the quality, nature, adequacy and physical condition and aspects of the Property (including, without limitation, the structural elements,
seismic aspects of the Property, appurtenances, access, landscaping, and parking facilities); the quality, nature, adequacy, and physical
condition of soils, geology and any groundwater; the existence, quality, nature, adequacy and physical condition of utilities serving
the Property; the development potential of the Property, and the Propertys use, habitability, merchantability, or fitness, suitability,
value, or adequacy of the Property for any particular purpose; environmental condition (including, without limitation, laws, rules, regulations,
orders and requirements pertaining to the use, handling, generation, treatment, storage or disposal of any toxic or hazardous waste or
toxic, hazardous or regulated substance); valuation; the value, economics of the operation or income potential of the Property; governmental
approvals; governmental regulations; or any other matter or thing relating to or affecting the Property, including, without limitation,
the condition, value, economics of operation or income potential of the Property. Purchaser agrees that, with respect to the Property,
Purchaser has not relied upon and will not rely upon, either directly or indirectly, any representation or warranty of Seller other than
Sellers Express Representations and Warranties. Purchaser has been given the opportunity to inspect the Property and each component thereof
and has determined to purchase the Property and each component thereof based solely on such inspection. Seller shall sell and convey to
Purchaser and Purchaser shall, subject to Sellers Express Representations and Warranties, accept the Property AS IS, WHERE
IS, and WITH ALL FAULTS. The terms and conditions of this Section 6 shall expressly survive the consummation of the
purchase and sale of the Property on the Closing Date, the delivery of the Deed and the payment of the Purchase Price, without regard
to any limitations upon survival set forth in this Agreement.

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Purchaser hereby unconditionally waives and forever releases Seller,
and its officers, members, managers, and employees, from any present or future claims (known by Purchaser or disclosed to Purchaser) arising
from or relating to the presence or alleged presence of hazardous substances in, on, at, from, under or about the Property or any adjacent
property, including, without limitation, any claims under or on account of any Environmental Law. Environmental Law
shall mean any law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, or decree relating to pollution or hazardous substances
including, without limitation, the Resource Conservation Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, any state and local law (including,
without limitation, the California Hazardous Waste Control Law, the Porter-Cologne Water Quality Control Act, and the Safe Drinking Water
and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986), all amendments and supplements to any of the foregoing, and all regulations and publications promulgated
or issued pursuant thereto. The terms and conditions of this Section 6 shall expressly survive the consummation of the purchase and sale
of the Property on the Closing Date, the delivery of the Deed and the payment of the Purchase Price, without regard to any limitations
upon survival set forth in this Agreement.

7. Optional Survey. Purchaser and Seller agree that prior to the Closing (as hereinafter defined),
Purchaser may obtain at Purchasers sole cost and expense a survey of the Property (the Survey); to be prepared by
a surveyor duly licensed to perform such services within the state in which the Property is located, which Survey shall show by metes
and bounds the perimetrical boundaries of the Property.

5

8. Conditions of Purchase.

(a) Inspection Period. The obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement are expressly subject to and
conditioned upon the determination by Purchaser, in Purchasers sole discretion, that the Property is satisfactory for the use and
purposes intended by Purchaser. In the event such condition to Purchasers obligations has not been satisfied or waived on or before the
date that is thirty (30) days after the Effective Date (such date marking the expiration of the Inspection Period),
Purchaser shall have the right upon written notice to Seller within such Inspection Period to terminate this Agreement. Upon such termination
by Purchaser, Escrow Agent shall deliver to Purchaser the entire Earnest Money theretofore paid to the Escrow Agent, and this Agreement
shall be deemed of no further force or effect, except as expressly provided herein to the contrary. If Purchaser does not notify Seller
in writing, before the expiration of the Inspection Period, that the Property is not satisfactory for the use and purpose intended by
Purchaser, then Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to this Section 8. Notwithstanding
and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser will also be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that it has been given
a full opportunity to inspect and investigate each and every aspect of the Property, either independently or through agents of Purchasers
choosing, including, without limitation: (i) all matters relating to title and survey, together with all governmental and other legal
requirements such as taxes, assessments, zoning, use permit requirements and building codes; (ii) the physical condition and aspects of
the Property, including, without limitation, the structure, seismic aspects of the Property, the utilities, and all other physical and
functional aspects of the Property. Such examination of the physical condition of the Property shall include an examination for the presence
or absence of hazardous substances, including, without limitation, inflammable explosives radioactive materials, asbestos, asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, lead-based paint, radon, under and/or above ground tanks, hazardous materials, hazardous wastes,
oil or related materials that are listed or regulated in any Environmental Law, which shall be performed or arranged by Purchaser at Purchasers
sole cost and expense; (iii) any easements and/or access rights affecting the Property and the possibility of dedication of a portion
of the Property; and (iv) all other matters of material significance affecting the Property. Further, in the event that Purchaser terminates
this Agreement for any reason during or after the Inspection Period, in addition to any other rights and remedies available to Seller
hereunder, Purchaser shall promptly provide Seller with photocopies of any and all test results, reports, surveys, appraisals and studies
of the Property secured during the Inspection Period, if any, and upon written request, a letter granting Seller the rights to secure
certified copies of any and all said documents from the respective persons or entities the work was contracted for.

(b) No Financing Contingency. It is expressly acknowledged by Purchaser that this transaction is not
subject to any financing contingency, and no financing for this transaction shall be provided by Seller. Purchaser
understands and agrees that Purchasers obligation to consummate the transaction contemplated hereby is not contingent upon Purchasers
ability to obtain financing, and that the Closing will not be deferred to allow Purchaser time to obtain financing.

9. Closing. The consummation of the purchase and sale in accordance herewith (the Closing)
shall be held on or before the date that is fifteen (15) days after the expiration of the Inspection Period with a final closing date
of May 15, 2025, or sooner (the date of Closing being hereinafter called the Closing Date).

Each party further agrees to cooperate in arranging
for an escrow Closing, whereby the Closing documents shall be delivered to a local branch of the Title Company or to such other third
party as is reasonably agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser, thereby obviating the need for representatives of Seller or Purchaser to attend
the Closing.

10. Closing Documents. For and in consideration of, and as a condition precedent to, Purchasers delivery
to Seller of the Purchase Price described in Section 4 hereof, Seller shall obtain or execute, at Sellers expense, and deliver to
Purchaser at Closing the following documents (all of which shall be duly executed, acknowledged, and notarized where required and shall
survive the Closing):

(a) Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed. A grant, bargain and sale deed (in a form as statutorily authorized
in Nevada) (Deed) conveying to Purchaser fee simple title to the Land and Improvements, together with all rights,
members, easements, and appurtenances thereto, subject only to the Permitted Exceptions;

(b) Sellers Affidavit. A customary Sellers affidavit in the form reasonably required by the Title
Company;

(c) FIRPTA Certificate. A customary FIRPTA Certificate;

(d) Authority Documents. Evidence reasonably satisfactory to Seller and the Title Company of Sellers
authority to consummate the sale contemplated hereunder, together with any such other evidence of authority reasonably required with respect
to the officers of Seller; and

(e) Settlement Statement. A settlement statement setting forth the amounts paid by or on behalf of
and/or credited to each of Purchaser and Seller pursuant to this Agreement.

(f) Other Documents. Such other documents as shall be reasonably required by Purchaser, Purchasers
counsel, or Escrow Agent.

6

Purchaser shall obtain or
execute, at Purchasers expense, and deliver to Seller at Closing the following documents (all of which shall be duly executed,
acknowledged, and notarized where required and shall survive the Closing):

(i) Settlement Statement. A settlement statement setting forth the amounts paid by or on behalf of
and/or credited to each of Purchaser and Seller pursuant to this Agreement; and

(ii) Other Documents. Such other documents as shall be reasonably required by Seller, Sellers counsel,
or Escrow Agent.

11. Closing Costs and Prorations. Closing Costs shall be allocated and paid as follows:

CLOSING COST: RESPONSIBLE PARTY:

i. Premium for ALTA standard coverage owners policy of title insurance: Seller

ii. Premium for any ALTA extended or additional coverage or endorsements to the owners title policy (if any): Purchaser

iii. Premium for any lenders policy of title insurance (if any): 

Purchaser

iv. Any escrow fee charged by the Escrow Agent for holding the Earnest Money or conducting Closing: 

by Purchaser and by Seller

v. Transfer taxes: by Purchaser and by Seller

vi. Recording fees: by Purchaser and by Seller

vii. Any mortgage taxes, mortgage recording fees or similar taxes and fees associated with Purchasers financing (if any): Purchaser

viii. Brokers commissions: Seller

ix. All other closing costs, expenses, charges and fees: To be paid per local custom 

The following items shall
be prorated and/or credited between Seller and Purchaser as of Midnight preceding the date of Closing:

(a) Property Taxes. City, state, county, and school district ad valorem taxes based on the ad valorem
tax bills for the Property, if then available, or if not, then on the basis of the latest available tax figures and information. Should
such proration be based on such latest available tax figures and information and prove to be inaccurate on receipt of the ad valorem tax
bills for the Property for the year of Closing, either Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, may demand at any time after Closing a
payment from the other correcting such malapportionment. In addition, if after Closing there is an adjustment or reassessment by any governmental
authority with respect to, or affecting, any ad valorem taxes for the Property for the year of Closing or any prior year, any additional
tax payment for the Property required to be paid with respect the year of Closing shall be prorated between Purchaser and Seller and any
such additional tax payment for the Property for any year prior to the year of Closing shall be paid by Seller. This agreement shall expressly
survive the Closing.

7

(b) Utility Charges. Except for utilities which are the direct responsibility of tenants (if any) to
the applicable public or private utilities supplier, Seller shall pay all utility bills received prior to Closing and shall be responsible
for utilities furnished to the Property prior to Closing. Purchaser shall be responsible for the payment of all bills for utilities furnished
to the Property subsequent to the Closing. Seller and Purchaser hereby agree to prorate as of Midnight preceding the date of Closing and
pay their respective shares of all utility bills received subsequent to Closing (if they include a service period prior to the date of
Closing), which agreement shall survive Closing. Seller shall be entitled to all deposits presently in effect with the utility providers.

(c) Service Contracts. Charges under service contracts in effect relating to the Property, if any,
shall be prorated as of Midnight preceding the date of Closing.

12. Title to Property. Prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period, Purchaser shall cause a national
title insurance company selected by Purchaser (the Title Company), to deliver to Purchaser its ALTA form title commitment
(hereinafter referred to as the Title Commitment). Seller shall be responsible for payment of the ALTA standard portion
of the policy; provided, however, that Purchaser shall be obligated to pay for the additional costs associated with an ALTA extended policy
and all endorsements above and beyond that of the ALTA standard policy, if required by Purchaser. Purchaser shall have until the expiration
of the Inspection Period to advise Seller in writing of any defects or objections affecting the title to the Property disclosed by the
Title Commitment. From time to time, Purchaser may request an update to the effective date of such Title Commitment and give notice to
Seller of all defects or objections appearing subsequent to the effective date of the Title Commitment (or previous update thereof). Such
matters as are disclosed by the Title Commitment and not objected to by Purchaser shall be the Permitted Exceptions.

Seller shall have five (5) days after receipt
of such notice of title defects or objections from Purchaser to advise Purchaser in writing which of such title defects or objections
Seller does not intend to satisfy or cure; provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that Seller shall satisfy or cure any such defects
or objections consisting of taxes then due and payable, mortgages, deeds of trust, mechanics or materialmens liens caused by Seller
or other such monetary encumbrances and Seller agrees to deliver an affidavit in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Title Company in
order to delete the standard exceptions in the ALTA form Title Commitment (other than the survey exception). In the event Seller fails
to give such written advice to Purchaser within such five (5) day period, Seller shall be deemed not to have agreed to satisfy or cure
any of such defects or objections set forth in Purchasers notice. If Seller shall advise Purchaser in writing that Seller does not intend
to satisfy or cure any specific non-monetary encumbrances or in the event that such intent is deemed, Purchaser may elect either (a) to
terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, in which event this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, all Earnest
Money shall be promptly refunded to Purchaser and Purchaser and Seller shall have no further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder,
except as expressly set forth herein to the contrary, or (b) to accept title subject to such specific non-monetary encumbrances. Purchaser
shall make such election within five (5) days after receipt of the notice from Seller. If Purchaser fails to make such election within
such period, Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected to accept the Property subject to the applicable non-monetary encumbrances. Seller
shall have until Closing to satisfy or cure all such defects and objections which Seller agreed (or is obligated) to satisfy or cure as
provided above.

In the event Seller fails or refuses to cure any
defects and objections which are required herein to be satisfied or cured by Seller prior to the Closing, then, at the option of Purchaser,
(i) Purchaser may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, in which event this Agreement shall be of no further force
and effect, all Earnest Money shall be immediately returned to Purchaser and Purchaser and Seller shall have no further rights, obligations
or liabilities hereunder, except as expressly set forth herein to the contrary, (ii) if any such defect or objection is one that
Seller agreed (or is obligated) to satisfy or cure as provided above, Seller shall be in default hereunder and Purchaser shall be entitled
to the remedies for default set forth herein, or (iii) Purchaser may accept title to the Property subject to such defects and objections.

13. Sellers Representations and Warranties. Seller hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to Purchaser, each of which shall be deemed material:

(a) Seller has the right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to convey the Property in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and the persons executing this Agreement on behalf of Seller have been duly
and validly authorized by Seller to execute and deliver this Agreement and have the right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and bind Seller.

8

(b) To the best of Sellers knowledge, neither the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement will
breach any statute, law, ordinance, rule, or regulation of any governmental authority.

(c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by Seller do not and will not violate any provisions of or result in the breach of, or terminate any material rights or accelerate
any material obligations of Seller pursuant to (i) its articles of organization or operating agreement, or (ii) any contract or agreement
to which Seller is a party or otherwise bound or to which its assets are subject.

(d) No consent, approval, or authorization of any governmental authority or other person or entity is required
in connection with the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement.

Where conflicting, the terms and provisions of
this Section 13 shall supersede and control as to any other provision contained herein. All provisions of this Section 13 shall expressly
survive the Closing for a period of three hundred sixty five (365) days. Purchasers obligations under this Agreement are contingent
upon such representations and warranties remaining true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date.

14. Covenants and Agreements of Seller. Seller hereby covenants that, from the Effective Date of this
Agreement up to and including the date of Closing, unless Purchaser gives its prior written consent, Seller shall: (i) not negotiate
with any third party respecting the sale of the Property or any interest therein, (ii) not grant or consent to the creation of any
easement, restriction, lien, assessment, or encumbrance respecting the Property, and (iii) cause the Property to be operated, maintained,
and repaired in the same manner as the Property is currently being operated, maintained, and repaired.

15. Purchasers Representations and Warranties. Purchaser hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to Seller, each of which shall be deemed material:

(a) Purchaser has the right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Property
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and the persons executing this Agreement on behalf of Purchaser have been
duly and validly authorized by Purchaser to execute and deliver this Agreement and have the right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and bind Purchaser.

(b) This Agreement and each of the documents and agreements to be delivered by Purchaser at the Closing, constitute
legal, valid, and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms, except to
the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless
of whether enforcement is sought in a court of law or equity). Purchaser further represents and covenants that prior to the end of the
Inspection Period, this Agreement is not an executory contract, as such term is contemplated under 11 U.S.C. 365, and, therefore,
if Purchaser files for bankruptcy protection prior to the end of the Inspection Period, it will not seek to assume the Agreement. Moreover,
Purchaser represents and covenants that after the end of the Inspection Period, this Agreement is an executory contract, as such term
is contemplated under 11 U.S.C. 365. Lastly, Purchaser represents and covenants that this Agreement does not create any lien
right with regard to the Property, and it will not assert the same if it files for bankruptcy protection.

(c) Purchaser is a sophisticated and knowledgeable real estate developer, real estate investor, or commercial
or industrial user familiar with the complexities of real estate transactions such as the instant transaction. Purchaser has ready access
to any legal and financial advice which may be necessary to meet Purchasers obligations hereunder and to fully understand this transaction,
Agreement, or any portion thereof, specifically including, but not limited to: (i) the terms of this Section 15; and (ii) matters involving
or related to bankruptcy and insolvency law.

9

(d) To the best of Purchasers knowledge, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
will breach any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any governmental authority.

(e) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by Purchaser do not and will not violate any provisions of or result in the breach of, or terminate any material rights or accelerate
any material obligations of Purchaser pursuant to (i) its governing declaration of trust documents or operating agreement, or (ii) any
contract or agreement to which Purchaser is a party or otherwise bound or to which its assets are subject.

(f) No consent, approval, or authorization of any governmental authority or other person or entity is required
in connection with the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement.

(g) The consummation of this transaction shall constitute Purchasers acknowledgment that Purchaser has independently
inspected and investigated the Property and has made and entered into this Agreement based upon such inspection and investigation and
its own examination of the condition of the Property, and Seller is hereby released from all responsibility regarding the valuation or
condition of the Property. PURCHASER, AS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SELLER SHALL, AS CONCLUSIVELY
EVIDENCED BY RECORDATION OF THE DEED, ACCEPT THE PROPERTY AS IS, WHERE IS, AND WITH ALL FAULTS AS
OF THE CLOSING, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION AS TO ITS CONDITION, FITNESS FOR
ANY PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, OR COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

(h) In the event that Purchaser files a voluntary petition, or has an order for relief entered against it,
under the Bankruptcy Code or any other similar federal or state law, Purchaser unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that Seller shall
be entitled, and Purchaser hereby unconditionally and irrevocably consents, to relief from the automatic stay so that Seller may exercise
any and all of its rights and remedies provided under this Agreement, and at law or in equity. In such event, Purchaser hereby agrees
that it shall not, in any manner, oppose or otherwise delay any motion filed by Seller for relief from the automatic stay. Sellers enforcement
of the right granted herein from relief from the automatic stay is subject only to approval of the bankruptcy court in which the case
is then pending.

(i) Purchaser has valid business reasons for entering into the transaction described in this Agreement. Purchaser
is not entering into this transaction with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any person. Purchaser is not, immediately prior to
or on the Effective Date or the Closing, insolvent. After giving effect to this transaction, Purchaser will not (i) be insolvent,
(ii) be left with unreasonably small assets or capital with which to engage or conduct its business, or (iii) have incurred
debts or obligations beyond its respective ability to pay such debts or obligations.

(j) The provisions set forth in Section 6 are hereby reaffirmed by Purchaser.

Where conflicting, the terms
and provisions of this Section 15 shall supersede and control as to any other provision contained herein. All provisions of this Section
15 shall expressly survive the Closing for a period of three hundred sixty five (365) days. Sellers obligations under this Agreement
are contingent upon such representations and warranties remaining true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date.

16. Default. In the event Seller shall fail to fully and timely perform any of its obligations or covenants
hereunder, and such failure continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice of such failure is given by Purchaser to Seller,
Purchaser shall, as its sole and exclusive remedies hereunder, elect to: (i) declare Seller in default under the Agreement by notice delivered
to Seller in which event this Agreement shall terminate and all Earnest Money shall be promptly refunded to Purchaser, or (ii) Purchaser
shall have the right to pursue an action against Seller for specific performance of this Agreement.

10

Unless otherwise expressly provided for herein,
in the event Purchaser shall fail to fully and timely perform any of its obligations or covenants hereunder and such failure continues
for a period of five (5) days after written notice of such failure is given by Seller to Purchaser, Sellers sole and exclusive
remedy for any such failure or refusal by Purchaser shall be to receive the Earnest Money held by Escrow Agent as liquidated damages and
thereafter the parties hereto shall have no further rights or obligations hereunder whatsoever. Seller and Purchaser hereby acknowledge
and agree that Sellers damages upon a default by Purchaser would be difficult if not impossible to ascertain and Seller and Purchaser
hereby acknowledge and agree that the Earnest Money held by Escrow Agent constitutes a reasonable estimate of such damages, and that the
payment thereof to Seller upon default is not intended as a penalty. The provisions of this Section 16 shall not limit Purchasers
liability for its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.

Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this
Section 16 to the contrary, the notice and cure provisions set forth above shall not apply in the event either Seller or Purchaser shall
fail to consummate the purchase and sale of the Property on the Closing Date pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

In the event either Seller or Purchaser is required
to enforce the obligations of the other under this Agreement by means of retaining an attorney and/or instituting legal proceedings, then
the non-prevailing party in any such proceedings shall be liable to pay all expenses arising therefrom including court costs and reasonable
attorneys fees.

17. Possession of Property. Subject to the Permitted Exceptions, Seller shall deliver possession of
the Property to Purchaser on the day of Closing.

18. Condemnation/Casualty. In the event all or any material portion of the Property (defined as any
condemnation, taking, or damage that results in a loss in value of the Property more than five percent (5%) of the Purchase Price) shall
be taken or condemned by any governmental authority or other entity prior to the Closing Date, or in the event Seller or Purchaser receives
notice of a proposed taking of all or any material portion of the Property prior to the Closing Date, or in the event any damage or destruction
to all or any portion of the Property shall occur prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall have the option of either (i) terminating
this Agreement by giving written notice thereof to Seller within five (5) days after the date Purchaser is advised of such event, whereupon
this Agreement and all rights and obligations created hereunder shall be of no further force or effect whatsoever, or (ii) requiring Seller
to convey the remaining portion of the Property to Purchaser pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof, whereupon Seller shall transfer
and assign to Purchaser at the Closing all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to any award made or to be made by reason of such
condemnation or any insurance proceeds to be received, whichever the case may be.

19. Brokers. Purchaser and Seller acknowledge that Purchasers Broker has acted as broker for Purchaser
in connection with the purchase of the Property, and Sellers Broker has acted for Seller in connection with the sale of the Property
under the terms of separate agreements. The parties agree that Seller shall pay a real estate brokers commission equal to five
percent (5.0%) of the Purchase Price, to be split on a 50/50 basis between Sellers Broker and Purchasers Broker in connection
with the sale of the Property, and to be paid through escrow upon Closing. Purchaser and Seller further covenant and agree, each to the
other, to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any loss, liability, costs, claims, demands, damages, expenses, actions,
causes of actions and suits, including attorneys fees and court costs, arising out of or in any manner related to the alleged employment
or use by the indemnifying party of any finder, broker or agent, including the Purchasers Broker and Sellers Broker, in connection with
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the purchase and sale of the Property as contemplated in this Agreement.

20. Like-Kind Exchange. Purchaser understands that Seller may desire to effect the transaction hereunder
in a manner so as to qualify as a like-kind exchange under Internal Revenue Code Section 1031, and the regulations thereunder. Accordingly,
Seller may elect to assign its rights to this Agreement to a third party, as Qualified Intermediary, and Purchaser hereby consents to
such assignment. Purchaser shall execute such documents and take such other action as may reasonably be requested, all at no expense to
Purchaser, for the purpose of effecting a like-kind exchange under Section 1031, and the regulations thereunder.

11

21. Notices. All notices, demands, statements, and requests (collectively the notice)
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given or served as
of the date hereinafter specified: (i) on the date of personal service upon the person to whom the notice is addressed, or if such person
is not available, the date such notice is left at the address of the person to whom it is directed, or (ii) on the date the notice is
postmarked by the United States Post Office, provided it is sent prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iii)
on the date the notice is delivered by a courier service (including Federal Express, Express Mail or similar operation) to the address
of the person to whom it is directed, provided it is sent prepaid, with confirmation of receipt requested, or (iv) on the date the notice
is delivered in a PDF format via email, provided that a second copy of the notice is simultaneously sent pursuant to one of the other
methods permitted by this provision. The initial notice address of each signatory to this Agreement is set forth below:

To Seller: L & R Investment LLC 

Attn: 

Email: 

To Purchaser: Richtech Robotics Inc. and/or Assignee 

Attn: 

Email: 

Each party shall have the right from time to time
and at any time, upon at least ten (10) days prior written notice thereof in accordance with the provisions hereof, to change its respective
address and to specify any other address within the United States of America; provided, however, notwithstanding anything herein contained
to the contrary, in order for the notice of address change to be effective it must actually be delivered. Refusal to accept delivery of
a notice or the inability to deliver a notice because of an address change which was not properly communicated shall not defeat or delay
the giving of a notice.

22. No Waiver. No failure of either party to exercise any power given hereunder or to insist upon strict
compliance with any obligation specified herein, and no custom or practice at variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver
of either partys right to demand exact compliance with the terms hereof. No extension of time for performance of any obligations or other
acts hereunder or under any other agreement shall be deemed to be an extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or
any other acts.

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of Purchaser and Seller, and no
representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, between Purchaser and Seller not embodied herein shall be of
any force or effect.

24. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance,
it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances.

12

25. Binding Effect; Assignment. The rights and obligations of this Agreement shall bind and inure to
the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. Nothing expressed
or implied herein shall be construed to give any person or entity not a party to this Agreement any legal or equitable rights hereunder.
Except as expressly provided herein, the rights and obligations of this Agreement may not be assigned by Purchaser without the prior,
written consent of the Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, however, Purchaser may assign this Agreement to any entity in
which Purchaser holds a majority interest. No such assignment shall release Purchaser from any of its obligations under this Agreement.

26. Amendment. This Agreement shall be modified or amended only by a writing signed by Purchaser and
Seller.

27. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence in this Agreement.

28. Governing Law; Choice of Forum. This Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, shall be construed
in accordance with, and shall be governed by the internal, substantive laws of the State of Nevada (without reference to choice of law
principles). Any action brought to interpret, enforce, or construe any provision of this Agreement shall be commenced and maintained in
the District Court of the State of Nevada in and for the County of Clark (or, as may be appropriate, in the United States District Court
for the District of Nevada if, but only if, the District Court of the State of Nevada lacks or declines jurisdiction over such action).
The parties irrevocably consent to jurisdiction and venue in such courts for such purposes and agree not to seek transfer or removal of
any action commenced in accordance with the terms of this section.

29. Waiver of Jury Trial. By executing this Agreement, each party knowingly, voluntarily, and intentionally
waives his rights and the rights of his heirs, assigns, successors or personal representatives may have to a trial by jury in any action,
proceeding, or suit, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, and whether asserted by way of complaint, answer, cross-claim, counterclaim,
affirmative defense or otherwise, based on, arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or any other instrument, document
or agreement to be executed in connection herewith or modification or extension of any of the foregoing.

30. Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Any signature page from one
counterpart may be appended to another counterpart to create a fully executed counterpart hereof.

31. Headings, Terms. The headings inserted at the beginning of each paragraph of this Agreement are
for convenience only and do not add to or subtract from the meaning of the contents of each paragraph. All personal pronouns used in this
Agreement, whether used in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, shall include all genders, the singular shall include the plural,
and vice versa.

32. Merger. Unless otherwise specified herein, all of the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements of the parties shall not survive the Closing but shall be merged with the execution and delivery of the Deed and other closing
documents exchanged between the parties at Closing.

33. Further Assurances. The parties to this Agreement shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered such additional or further transfers, assignments, endorsements, or other instruments as the parties counsel may reasonably
request for the purpose of carrying out the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

34. No Drafting Presumptions. Both Purchaser and Seller have had full opportunity to participate and
have participated in the drafting and revising of the language of this Agreement, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed against
the party drafting this Agreement because of having drafted this Agreement or any specific provision thereof.

35. Effective Date, Time for Performance. The Effective Date of this Agreement,
which shall be the date inserted on the first page hereof, shall be the date this Agreement is fully executed by Purchaser and Seller
and a fully executed original counterpart of this Agreement has been received by both Purchaser and Seller. A facsimile copy or a PDF
form delivered via email of this Agreement (including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission
method, and any signatures thereon shall be considered for all purposes as originals. Whenever in this Agreement the date for performance
shall fall on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, the date upon which such performance shall be required shall automatically be extended
to the next succeeding business day.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser
and Seller have caused this Agreement to be executed under seal as of the date first above written.

SELLER:

L & R Investment, LLC,

a Utah limited liability company

By: /s/ Larry Olson

Name: Larry Olson

Its: Manager

Date: April 8, 2025

By: /s/ James Olson

Name: James Olson

Its: Member

Date: April 8, 2025

By: /s/ Susan Bingham

Name: Susan Bingham

Its: Manager

Date: April 8, 2025

By: /s/ Deborah Olson

Name: Deborah Olson 

Its: Member

Date: April , 2025

[Signatures Continued on
Next Page]

14

[Signature Page to Purchase
and Sale Agreement Continued]

PURCHASER: 

Richtech Robotics Inc.,

a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Zhenwu Huang

Name: Zhenw Huang 

Its: Chief Executive Officer

Date: April 8, 2025

15

EXHIBIT A

LEGAL DESCRIPTION

[Omitted]

EXHIBIT B

LIST OF TANGIBLE PERSONAL
PROPERTY

[Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rr-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rr-20250408_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rr-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rr-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41866

Entity Registrant Name Richtech Robotics Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001963685

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-2870106

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 4175 Cameron St Ste 1

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89103

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 236-3835

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://richtechrobotics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238240-8k_richtech.htm 
rr-20250408.xsd 
rr-20250408_lab.xml 
rr-20250408_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-031633-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0238240-8k_richtech_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001963685 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001963685 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
Richtech Robotics Inc. 
NV 
001-41866 
88-2870106 
4175 Cameron St Ste 1 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89103 
866 
236-3835 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
RR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>