<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-033950.txt : 20250422
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-033950.hdr.sgml : 20250422
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250422083047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-033950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250422
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250422
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250422

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GSR III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002029023
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42399
		FILM NUMBER:		25855607

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5900 BALCONES DRIVE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78731
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 369-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5900 BALCONES DRIVE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78731
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239063-8k425_gsr3acq.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202902300-000000000020290232025-04-222025-04-220002029023GSRT:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneSeventhOfOneRightMember2025-04-222025-04-220002029023GSRT:ClassOrdinaryShareParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-222025-04-220002029023GSRT:RightsEachWholeRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneClassOrdinaryShareMember2025-04-222025-04-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 22, 2025

GSR III Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Cayman Islands 001-42399 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, TX 78731 78731

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(914-369-4400) 

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one seventh of one right GSRTU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share GSRT The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each whole right entitling the holder to receive one Class A ordinary share GSRTR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 22, 2025, GSR III Acquisition Corp., a
Cayman Islands exempted company (GSRT), and Terra Innovatum s.r.l., an Italian limited liability company (Terra Innovatum
and, together with GSRT, the Registrant Parties), jointly issued a press release announcing the execution of a business
combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement) among the Registrant Parties and such other parties that will
sign joinders to the Business Combination Agreement, pursuant to which they will enter into a series of reorganizations, equity issuances
and purchases described in the Business Combination Agreement, such that GSRT will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of a Dutch public
limited liability company (Pubco) to be formed as described in the Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination).
A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Furnished as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference is the form of presentation to be used by GSRT in presentations for certain of GSRTs shareholders and other
persons regarding the Business Combination.

The foregoing exhibits and the information set
forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

In connection with the business combination, Pubco
and the Registrant Parties will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement), which
will include a preliminary prospectus of Pubco relating to the offer of securities to be issued in connection with the business combination,
and a preliminary proxy statement of GSRT to be distributed to holders of GSRTs ordinary shares in connection with GSRTs
solicitation of proxies for a vote by GSRTs shareholders with respect to the Business Combination and other matters described in
the Registration Statement. The Registrant Parties also plan to file other documents with the SEC regarding the business combination.
After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to the
shareholders of GSRT. INVESTORS OF GSRT AND TERRA INNOVATUM ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
CONTAINED THEREIN (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ALL OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION THAT
WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT THE BUSINESS COMBINATION.

Investors will be able to
obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about the Registrant Parties
once such documents are filed with the SEC, through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
In addition, the documents filed by GSRT may be obtained free of charge by written request to GSRT at 5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100,
Austin TX 78731.

Participants in Solicitation

Each of the Registrant Parties, and their respective
directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the potential transaction
described in this communication under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of GSRT is set forth
in GSRTs filings with the SEC. Information regarding other persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants
in the solicitation of the shareholders in connection with the potential transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests
will be set forth in the Registration Statement (and will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus) and other relevant documents
when they are filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

1

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate,"
"expect," "intends," "may," "might," "plan," "possible," "potential,"
"predict," "project," "should," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements,
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Current Report on Form 8-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on GSRT and the other Registrant Parties. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting GSRT and the other Registrant Parties
will be those that we have anticipated. Should one more or these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may
cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event,
change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the definitive agreements with respect to the Business Combination;
(2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against GSRT, any of the Registrant Parties, the combined company or others
following the announcement of the Business Combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; (3) the inability to complete
the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of GSRT or the SECs declaration of the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement (which will including the proxy statement/prospectus contained therein) to be filed by the Registrant Parties
or to satisfy other conditions to closing; (4) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate
as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business Combination; (5) the
ability of Pubco to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business Combination; (6) the risk that the
Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Terra Innovatum as a result of the announcement and consummation of the
Business Combination; (7) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among
other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers
and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (8) costs related to the Business Combination, including the reorganization
described in the business combination agreement; (9) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (10) the possibility that the Registrant
Parties or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) the amount of
redemption requests made by GSRT shareholders and (12) other risk factors described herein as well as the risk factors and uncertainties
described in that certain prospectus of GSRT dated November 7, 2024 and GSRTs other filings with the SEC, as well as any further
risks and uncertainties to be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus filed after the date hereof. In addition, there may be additional
risks that neither GSRT nor any of the other Registrant Parties presently know, or that GSRT or the other Registrant Parties currently
believe are immaterial, that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Nothing
in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward- looking statements set forth herein will
be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

None of GSRT, the other Registrant Parties, any
placement agent nor any of their respective affiliates, officers, employees or agents, makes any representation or warranty, either express
or implied, in relation to the fairness, reasonableness, adequacy, accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information, statements
or opinions, whichever their source, contained in this press release or any oral information provided in connection herewith, or any data
it generates and accept no responsibility, obligation or liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) in relation
to any of such information. GSRT, the other Registrant Parties and their respective affiliates, officers, employees and agents further
expressly disclaim any and all liability relating to or resulting from the use of this press release and any errors therein or omissions
therefrom. Further, the information contained herein is preliminary, is provided for discussion purposes only, is only a summary of key
information, is not complete and is subject to change without notice.

In addition, the information contained in this
Current Report on Form 8-K is provided as of the date hereof and may change, and neither GSRT nor the other Registrant Parties undertakes
any obligation to update or revise any forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, inaccuracies, future events
or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form 8-K is not a proxy
statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination
and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of the Registrant Parties, nor shall there
be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by
means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, or exemptions therefrom.

2

Item 8.01Other Events.

The disclosure set forth above in Item 7.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 22, 2025

99.2 Form of Investor Presentation.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GSR III ACQUISITION CORP.

Date: April 22, 2025 By: /s/ Gus Garcia

Name: Gus Garcia

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023906301ex99-1_gsr3acq.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Terra Innovatum To Go Public Through Business
Combination with GSR III Acquisition Corp 

Transforming Energy Access with Micro-Modular Nuclear Innovation:
Terra Innovatums SOLO reactor is designed to bring scalable, off-grid, zero-carbon power to industrial, remote, and high-demand
sectors1 MWe at a time.

Designed for Safety, Built for Scale: SOLO
will be factory-assembled using licensed components and standard Low-Enriched Uranium (LEU)
fuel; SOLO is engineered for rapid deployment, long-life performance, and ultra-low radiation.

Global Readiness Meets Regulatory Momentum:
Following design completion in 2024, Terra Innovatum engaged the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
in January 2025 and targets commercial deployment in 2028.

Backed by Nuclear Industry Veterans: Terra
Innovatums leadership is built to deliverwith deep expertise in design, engineering, licensing, and safeguards.

Shareholder Alignment: The transaction
values Terra Innovatum at a pre-money equity valuation of $475M with up to $230M in gross proceeds to accelerate commercialization. In
addition, Terra Innovatums shareholders will hold shares that are contingent on key milestones.

NEW YORK, NY & AUSTIN, TX / ACCESSWIRE / April 22, 2025 / Terra
Innovatum Srl (Terra Innovatum, or the Company), a developer of micro-modular nuclear reactors,
and GSR III Acquisition Corp. (GSRT) (Nasdaq: GSRT), a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company (SPAC),
today announced that they have entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement dated April 21, 2025 (the BCA),
which will position Terra Innovatum to become a publicly listed company on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol NKLR. The
transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2025.

ANNOUNCEMENT HIGHLIGHTS

Micro-Modular Reactor for Scalable, Off-Grid Deployment: Terra Innovatum
designs and will develop advanced micro-modular reactors for flexible, off-grid deploymentaddressing the rapidly growing global
demand for low-carbon, cost-efficient, and reliable electricity and heat generation.

Capitalizing on Global Energy Megatrends: Terra Innovatums
SOLO micro-modular reactor will be engineered to meet the rapidly evolving electricity and heat needs of diverse high-demand sectorsincluding
industrial manufacturing, mining, rural and remote communities, defense installations, desalination, healthcare (including isotope production),
and AI/data centers. 

Predictable Electricity and Heat Costs for Up to 45 Years: With estimated
ultra-long refueling intervals of 1545 years, depending on configuration, and an exceptionally low $0.07/kWh anticipated levelized
cost of electricity, SOLO will offer a transformative energy solution for the future.

Assembled with Proven, Standard Components and Fuel: SOLO reactors
will be factory-assembled using proven, existing, standard off-the-shelf components and approved, widely available LEU 4.95% fuelminimizing
supply chain risks and accelerating deployment. The use of standard parts will enable a de-risked business model, while embedded safeguards
and redundant systems ensure an inherently safe and resilient design.

Founded and Led by Nuclear Industry Veterans: Terra Innovatums
leadership team brings together over 180 years of collective expertise across nuclear engineering, reactor design, safety, operations,
and regulatory affairsanchoring the company in deep technical knowledge and proven execution in the nuclear sector.

Regulatory Engagement Plan (REP) and Anticipated Commercialization:
Terra Innovatum submitted its regulatory engagement plan to the NRC in January 2025, marking a critical milestone on its path to anticipated
commercial deployment in 2028.

Public Investor-Aligned Transaction Terms and Structure: The transaction
values Terra Innovatum at a pre-money equity valuation of $475 million, offering an attractive entry point relative to publicly traded
nuclear reactor developers. 

Financing: The development and commercialization efforts will be supported
by up to approximately $230 million in gross proceeds before accounting for redemptions and any committed financing. 

2

In Picture (Left to Right): Alessandro Petruzzi (Co-Founder & Chief
Executive Officer, Terra Innovatum) and Giordano Morichi (Partner, Chief Business Development Officer & Investor Relations, Terra
Innovatum) interviewed at Nasdaq MarketSite.

Alessandro Petruzzi, Co-Founder & CEO of
Terra Innovatum, said: We are excited to take Terra Innovatum public, which will mark a major milestone in our mission to make
nuclear power simple, safe, and scalable. Our reactor, SOLO, aims to bring low cost, off-grid, zero-carbon power to industrial,
remote, and high-demand sectors. With 1 MWe at a time for a single SOLO unit, we can leverage our modularity to power up to one GWe with
a lower footprint of a similar GWe plant. Backed by strong leadership and GSRT's support, we're ready to accelerate deployment and reshape
the future of clean energy.

Gus Garcia, Co-CEO of GSRT commented: This is a game-changing
partnership. Terra Innovatum gives our shareholders access to a company at the forefront of nuclear innovation. With proven leadership
and a next-gen micro-reactor design, Terra Innovatum is built for the futuredelivering safe, cost-efficient energy at global scale.
We believe this is the right team, the right technology, and the right time.

Lewis Silberman, Co-CEO of GSRT continued: The nuclear renaissance
is realand we believe Terra Innovatums SOLO reactor will lead it. With a massive addressable market and a fast track
to commercialization, Terra Innovatum stood out from day one. When it enters the public markets, we believe Terra Innovatum is poised
to become one of the most exciting clean energy success stories of the decade.

3

In Picture: Visual depiction of 1 MWe / 4 MWt SOLO unitstotaling
3 MWe / 12 MWtseamlessly integrated into an urban environment.

TERRA INNOVATUMS MICRO-MODULAR NUCLEAR BREAKTHROUGH: SOLOTM

SOLO is a compact, cube-shaped micro-reactor designed to deliver
1 MWe of clean, reliable power. With the reactor design finalized in October 2024, Terra Innovatum began formal engagement with the NRC
in January 2025. Each unit uses standard LEU fuel and helium gas coolingeliminating meltdown risk, explosion potential, and proliferation
concerns. Housed in a 2.5-meter-thick concrete Monolith, SOLO requires no Emergency Planning Zone (EPZ) and radiation exposure
to the public is well below legal safety limits.

Commercialization-Ready and Scalable by Design: Engineered over six
years by a seasoned team, SOLO is designed for mass deployment using off-the-shelf components. Its proven licensing path, low-cost
structure, and compatibility with both LEU and future High-Assay Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuels position it for
global rollout in 2028.

Built for Versatility, Designed for Impact: From powering off-grid
communities and data centers to decarbonizing heavy industry, SOLO will adapt to diverse energy needs. It will also support high-grade
heat applications like desalination and isotope production for cancer treatmentdelivering zero-carbon energy at scale. 

Built on Experience, Engineered for Safety: Backed by 180+ years of
nuclear expertise, SOLO was designed with safety as a non-negotiable. The reactor core has been designed to enable safe decommissioning
as it fits in existing licensed commercially available casks. Even 10 years of continuous exposure results in less radiation than a single
chest X-ray. With a core built for safe decommissioning and passive safety features built in, SOLO will set the standards for micro
modular nuclear technology.

4

Terra Innovatums Leadership (Left to Right): Massimo Morichi
(Partner, Chief Strategy Officer & Safeguards Director), Marco Cherubini (Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer & Product Director),
Cesare Frepoli (Co-Founder, Chief Operating Officer & Director of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs), Giordano Morichi (Partner, Chief
Business Development Officer & Investor Relations), Alessandro Petruzzi (Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer) at Nasdaq MarketSite.

Dr. Cesare Frepoli Co-Founder, Chief Operating Officer &
Director of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs: Our approach to licensing is rooted in decades of industry expertise and a deep
respect for safety and compliance. Weve engineered SOLO from day one to align with rigorous regulatory frameworks while
introducing innovation that simplifies approval pathways. Were not just building a reactorwere building trust with
regulators and the public.

Dr. Marco Cherubini Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer &
Product Director: SOLO is the result of relentless engineering, innovation, and precision. Every componentfrom
its core physics to its modular architecturehas been designed to deliver unmatched safety, efficiency, and scalability. Were not
adapting yesterdays technology; were redefining what nuclear can be for the 21st century.

Dr. Massimo Morichi Partner, Chief Strategy Officer & Safeguards
Director: Our strategic focus is grounded in building a nuclear solution that meets the worlds growing energy needs without
compromising on non-proliferation and international safeguards. SOLO has been designed not only to power industries and communities,
but to set a new global benchmark for secure and responsible deployment.

5

Mr. Guillaume Moyen Partner, Chief Financial Officer: Weve
engineered financial transparency and discipline into the core of Terra Innovatums business model. From predictable CAPEX to low
OPEX, SOLO offers a compelling value proposition that de-risks infrastructure investment in next-gen nuclear for our investors
and our customers.

Mr. Giordano Morichi Partner, Chief Business
Development Officer & Investor Relations:With trillions in capital seeking clean, scalable solutions, nuclear energy is
finally receiving the recognition it deserves. Our decision to go public reflects the maturity of our technology, enabling a rapid go-to-market
response to the growing demand for lowcarbon energy. SOLO is a category-defining platform designed for global scalability and
impact. This transaction marks the beginning of Terra Innovatums global deployment journey, offering the world a unique opportunity
to invest in the future of nuclear energy.

PUBLIC LISTING & TRANSACTION OVERVIEW

The proposed business combination is expected to generate up to approximately
$230 million in gross proceeds before accounting for redemptions and any committed financing. This transaction values Terra Innovatum
at a pre-money equity value of $475 million, reflecting a compelling discount compared to other publicly traded nuclear reactor developers.

Following the completion of the business combination, Terra Innovatums
current management team will continue to lead the company, and Terra Innovatum shareholders will roll 100% of their equity into the newly
formed public entity. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of GSRT and Terra Innovatum. Closing is
anticipated to occur in the second half of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

Further details on the proposed transaction, including a copy of the
business combination agreement and investor presentation, will be disclosed in a Form 8-K report to be filed by GSRT with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), available at www.sec.gov.

ADVISORS

Latham & Watkins LLP and Appleby (Cayman) Ltd are serving as legal
counsel to GSR III Acquisition Corp. Park Avenue Capital is acting as financial advisor to Terra Innovatum, with Loeb & Loeb LLP,
Chiomenti, and Loyens Loeff providing legal counsel. Alliance Advisors Investor Relations is serving as investor relations and public
relations advisor for the transaction. EntrepreneurShares acted as financial advisor to the Board of Directors of GSRT.

ABOUT GSR III

GSR III Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands with the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
or similar business combination with one or more operating businesses. GSRT is led by a highly experienced sponsor team with a strong
track record in SPAC transactions, having previously sponsored two SPACs and advised on over 20 successful SPAC completions. The companys
management team includes Co-Chief Executive Officers Mr. Gus Garcia and Mr. Lewis Silberman, President and Chief Financial Officer Mr.
Anantha Ramamurti, and Chief Business Development Officer Mr. Yuya Orime.

6

ABOUT TERRA INNOVATUM & SOLOTM

Terra Innovatum is a pioneering force in the energy sector,
dedicated to delivering innovative and sustainable power solutions. Terra Innovatum plans to leverage cutting-edge nuclear
technology through the SOLO Micro-Modular Reactor (SMR) to provide efficient, safe, and environmentally conscious
energy. With a mission to address global energy shortages, Terra Innovatum combines extensive expertise in nuclear industry design,
manufacturing, and installation licensing to offer disruptive and immediate solutions. Committed to propelling technological
advancements, Terra Innovatum and SOLO are dedicated to fostering prosperity and sustainability for humankind.

It is anticipated that SOLO will be available globally within
the next three years. Conceptualized in 2018 and engineered over five years by experts in nuclear safety, licensing, innovation, and R&D,
SOLO addresses pressing global energy demands with a market-ready solution. Built from readily available commercial off-the-shelf
components, the proven licensing path for SOLO enables rapid deployment and minimizes supply chain risks, ensuring final cost predictability.
Designed to adapt with evolving fuel options, SOLO supports both LEU+ and HALEU, offering a platform ready to transition to future
fuel supplies.

SOLO will offer a wide range of versatile applications, providing
CO2-free, behind-the-meter, and off-grid power solutions for data centers, mini-grids serving remote towns and villages, and large-scale
industrial operations in hard-to-abate sectors like cement production, oil and gas, steel manufacturing, and mining. It also supports
specialized heat supply processes, water treatment, and desalination. Thanks to its modular design, SOLO can easily scale to deliver
up to 1GW or more of CO2-free power with a minimal footprint, making it an ideal solution for rapidly replacing fossil fuel-based thermal
plants. Beyond electricity and heat generation, SOLO can also contribute to critical applications in the medical sector by producing
radioisotopes essential for oncology research and cancer treatment.

To learn more, visit www.x-solo.com.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities or constitute a solicitation of any vote or approval.

In connection with the business combination, a to-be-formed Dutch company
(Pubco), GSRT and Terra Innovatum (the Registrant Parties) will file with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement), which will include a preliminary prospectus of Pubco relating to the offer of
securities to be issued in connection with the business combination, and a preliminary proxy statement of GSRT to be distributed to holders
of GSRTs ordinary shares in connection with GSRTs solicitation of proxies for a vote by GSRTs shareholders with respect
to the Business Combination and other matters described in the Registration Statement. The Registrant Parties also plan to file other
documents with the SEC regarding the business combination. After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a
definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to the shareholders of GSRT. INVESTORS OF GSRT AND TERRA INNOVATUM ARE URGED TO READ
THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CONTAINED THEREIN (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ALL
OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME
AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE BUSINESS COMBINATION.

Investors will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus
and other documents containing important information about the Registrant Parties once such documents are filed with the SEC, through
the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed by GSRT may be obtained free of charge by written
request to GSRT at 5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100, Austin TX 78731.

7

PARTICIPANTS IN THE SOLICITATION

Each of the Registrant Parties, and their respective directors and
executive officers, may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the potential transaction described
in this communication under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of GSRT is set forth in GSRTs
filings with the SEC. Information regarding other persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation
of the shareholders in connection with the potential transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be set
forth in the Registration Statement (and will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus) and other relevant documents when they are
filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in this press release that are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect,
intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict,
project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence
of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this press release
are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on GSRT and the other
Registrant Parties. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting GSRT and the other Registrant Parties will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date this press release is delivered and involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one more or these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current
expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to
the termination of the definitive agreements with respect to the Business Combination; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that
may be instituted against GSRT, any of the Registrant Parties, the combined company or others following the announcement of the
Business Combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; (3) the inability to complete the Business Combination due
to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of GSRT or the SECs declaration of the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement (which will including the proxy statement/prospectus contained therein) to be filed by the Registrant Parties
or to satisfy other conditions to closing; (4) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or
appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business
Combination; (5) the ability of Pubco to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business
Combination; (6) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Terra Innovatum as a result of the
announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (7) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business
Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage
growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (8) costs
related to the Business Combination, including the reorganization described in the business combination agreement; (9) changes in
applicable laws or regulations; (10) the possibility that the Registrant Parties or the combined company may be adversely affected
by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) the amount of redemption requests made by GSRT shareholders and (12)
other risk factors described herein as well as the risk factors and uncertainties described in that certain prospectus of GSRT dated
November 7, 2024 and GSRTs other filings with the SEC, as well as any further risks and uncertainties to be contained in the
proxy statement/prospectus filed after the date hereof. In addition, there may be additional risks that neither GSRT nor any of the
other Registrant Parties presently know, or that GSRT or the other Registrant Parties currently believe are immaterial, that could
also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Nothing in this communication should be
regarded as a representation by any person that the forward- looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the
contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

8

None of GSRT, the other Registrant Parties, any placement agent nor
any of their respective affiliates, officers, employees or agents, makes any representation or warranty, either express or implied, in
relation to the fairness, reasonableness, adequacy, accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information, statements or opinions,
whichever their source, contained in this press release or any oral information provided in connection herewith, or any data it generates
and accept no responsibility, obligation or liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) in relation to any
of such information. GSRT, the other Registrant Parties and their respective affiliates, officers, employees and agents further expressly
disclaim any and all liability relating to or resulting from the use of this press release and any errors therein or omissions therefrom.
Further, the information contained herein is preliminary, is provided for discussion purposes only, is only a summary of key information,
is not complete and is subject to change without notice.

In addition, the information contained in this press release is provided
as of the date hereof and may change, and neither GSRT nor the other Registrant Parties undertakes any obligation to update or revise
any forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, inaccuracies, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws.

CONTACTS

Giordano Morichi

Partner, Chief Business Development Officer & Investor Relations

Terra Innovatum Srl

E: g.morichi@terrainnovatum.com

W: www.x-solo.com

Anantha Ramamurti

President, Chief Financial Officer

GSR III Acquisition Corp

E: anantha@gsrspac.com

P: (949) 468-7434

Nicholas Hresko-Staab

Media Relations

Alliance Advisors IR

E: TerraIR@allianceadvisors.com

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023906301ex99-2_gsr3acq.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INVESTOR PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

INVESTOR PRESENTATION APRIL 2025 : NKLR (Proposed Nasdaq Ticker)

Disclaimer For the purposes of this notice, this presentation will mean and include the slides, any oral presentation of the slides by me mbers of management of GSR III Acquisition Corp. (GSRT) or Terra Innovatum s.r.l . (the Company or Terra) or any person on their behalf, any question - and - answer session that follows that oral presentation, hard copies of this document and any materials dist ributed at, or in connection with, that presentation. By attending the meeting where the presentation is made, or by reading the presentation slides, you will be deemed to have ( i ) agreed to the following limitations and notifications and made the following undertakings and (ii) acknowledged that you un der stand the legal and regulatory sanctions attached to the misuse, disclosure or improper circulation of this presentation. Confidentiality: This presentation is preliminary in nature and provided solely for informational and discussion purposes only and must not be re lied upon for any other purposes. This presentation is intended solely for investors that are qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)), institutional accredite d i nvestors (as defined under Regulation D as promulgated under the Securities Act) and eligible institutional investors outside th e U.S. and has been prepared for the purposes of familiarizing such investors with the potential business combination (the Business Co mbination) between GSRT and the Company and related transactions, including the proposed private offering of GSRTs or the Companys securities (the PIPE and together with the Business Combination, the Proposed Transactions) and for no other pu rpo se. The release, reproduction, publication or distribution of this presentation, in whole or in part, or the disclosure of it s c ontents, without the prior consent of the Company and GSRT is unlawful and prohibited. Persons who possess this document should inform th emselves about and observe any such restrictions. Each recipient acknowledges that it is (a) aware that the United States securities laws prohibit any person who has material, non - public information concerning a company from purchasing or selling sec urities of such company or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasona bly foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities, and (b) familiar with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), and that the recip ie nt will neither use, nor cause any third party to use, this presentation or any information contained herein in contravention of the Exc hange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 10b - 5 thereunder. By accepting this presentation, each recipient agrees: ( i ) that the information included in this presentation is confidential and may constitute material non - public information, (ii) to maintain t he confidentiality of all information that is contained in this presentation and not already in the public domain and (iii) t o u se this presentation for the sole purpose of evaluating the Company and the Proposed Transactions. No Offer or Solicitation: This presentation and any oral statements made in connection with this presentation do not constitute an offer to sell, or th e s olicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase, any securities in any jurisdiction, or the solicitation of any proxy, consent or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the Proposed Transactions, nor shall th ere be any sale, issuance or transfer of any securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, such offer, solicita ti on or sale may be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. This presentation does not constitute either advice or a recommendation reg arding any securities. Any offer to sell securities pursuant to the PIPE will be made only pursuant to a definitive subscript ion or purchase agreement and will be made in reliance on an exemption from registration under the Securities Act for offers and sal es of securities that do not involve a public offering. GSRT and the Company reserve the right to withdraw or amend for any reas on any offering and to reject any subscription or purchase agreement for any reason. The communication of this presentation is restr ict ed by law; in addition to any prohibitions on distribution otherwise provided for herein, this presentation is not intended f or distribution to, or use by any person in, any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. Th e c ontents of this presentation have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. No Representations or Warranties: No representations or warranties, express or implied, are given in, or in respect of, this pre sentation or as to the accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in or incorporated by reference her ein. To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no circumstances will GSRT, the Company or any of their respective affiliates, dir ect ors, officers, employees, members, partners, shareholders, advisors or agents be responsible or liable for any direct, indire ct or consequential loss or loss of profit arising from the use of this presentation, its contents (including the internal economic mo dels), its omissions, reliance on the information contained within it, or on opinions communicated in relation thereto or oth erw ise arising in connection therewith. Certain information contained herein has been derived from sources prepared by third parties. While suc h i nformation is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein, none of the Company, GSRT or any of their respective affi lia tes, directors, officers, employees, members, partners, shareholders, advisors or agents has independently verified the data obtai ned from these sources or makes any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy of such information. Recipients of th is presentation are not to construe its contents, or any prior or subsequent communications from or with GSRT, the Company or th eir respective representatives as investment, legal or tax advice. In addition, this presentation does not purport to be all - inclus ive or to contain all of the information that may be required to make a full analysis of the Company, GSRT or the Proposed Transactions . R ecipients of this presentation should each make their own evaluation of the Company, GSRT or the Proposed Transactions and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. Recipients ar e n ot entitled to rely on the accuracy or completeness of this presentation and are entitled to rely solely on only those partic ula r representations and warranties, if any, which may be made by GSRT or the Company to a recipient of this presentation or other th ird party in a definitive written agreement, when, and if executed, and subject to the limitations and restrictions as may be sp ecified therein. You should consult your own counsel and tax and financial advisors as to legal and related matters concerning the ma tte rs described herein, and, by accepting this presentation, you confirm that you are not relying upon the information contained he rein to make any decision. Any representations, warranties, agreements or covenants between the recipient and any parties involved in the Proposed Transactions will be set forth in definitive agreements by and among such persons. The Company and GSRT expressly disclaim any duty to update the information contained in this presentation, whether as a result of new information, fu ture events or otherwise. Forward - Looking Statements: This presentation includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including, but not l imited to, opinions and projections prepared by the Companys and GSRTs management. Forward - looking statements generally relate to future events or the Companys or GSRTs future financial or operating performance, in clu ding pro forma and estimated financial information, and other forward - looking statements (as such term is defined in the Priva te Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). For example, projections of future EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and other metrics are f orw ard - looking statements. The recipient can identify forward - looking statements because they typically contain words such as outlook, believes, expects, will, projected, continue, increase, may, should, could, seeks, predicts, intends, trends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negatives or variations of these words or other comparable wor ds and/or similar expressions (but the absence of these words and/or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward - looking). T hese forward - looking statements specifically include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of financial and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and market share, potential benefits of the Proposed Tra nsa ctions and the potential success of the Companys strategy and expectations related to the terms and timing of the Proposed Transactions. Forward - looking statements, opinions and projections are neither historical facts nor assurances of future perform ance. Instead, they are based only on the Companys and GSRTs current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the fu tur e of their respective businesses and of the combined company, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and tre nds, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward - looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inher ent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company s o r GSRTs control. These uncertainties and risks may be known or unknown. Factors that may cause actual results to differ mate ria lly from current expectations include, but are not limited to: changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, polit ica l and legal conditions; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed business combination, inc luding the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that cou ld adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed business combination or that the approval of t he shareholders of GSRT or Terra is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combinati on; risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Terra; future global, regional or lo ca l economic and market conditions; the development, effects and enforcement of laws and regulations; Terras ability to manage future gro wth ; Terras ability to develop new products and services, bring them to market in a timely manner, and make enhancements to its platform; the effects of competition on Terras future business; the amount of redemption requests made by GSRTs public shar eho lders; the ability of GSRT or the combined company to issue equity or equity - linked securities in connection with the proposed business combination or in the future; the outcome of any potential litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, invest iga tions and inquiries; and those factors described or referenced in GSRTs final initial public offering prospectus dated Novem ber 7, 2024 under the heading Risk Factors, and other documents of GSRT filed, or to be filed, from time to time with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or the Companys or GSRTs assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially fro m the results implied by the forward - looking statements contained herein. In addition, forward - looking statements reflect the Company s and GSRTs expectations and views as of the date of this presentation. The Company and GSRT anticipate that subsequent even ts and developments will cause their respective assessments to change. However, while the Company and GSRT may elect to update t hes e forward - looking statements in the future, each of them specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward - looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. 2

Disclaimer Use of Projections: This presentation contains financial forecasts with respect to the Companys projected financial results. Such projected fina nc ial information constitutes forward - looking information, is included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as necessarily being indicative of future results. The assumptions and estimates underlying such projected financ ial information are inherently uncertain and are subject to a wide variety of significant business, economic, competitive and oth er risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the prospective financial info rma tion. Actual results may differ materially from the results contemplated by the projected financial information contained in thi s presentation, and the inclusion of such information in this presentation should not be regarded as a representation by any pe rso n that the results reflected in such projections will be achieved. The independent auditors of the Company and GSRT have not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the projections for the purpose of their inclusion in th is presentation, and accordingly, they have expressed no opinion and have not provided any other form of assurance with respe ct thereto for the purpose of this presentation. Financial Information; Non - GAAP Measures: Certain of the financial information and data contained in this presentation have not been subject to a completed audit and do not conform to Regulation S - X promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, such information and data may not be included in, may be adjusted in or may be presented differently in, any proxy statement, regi str ation statement or prospectus that may be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). This presentation in clu des certain financial measures not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) including, but not limited to, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit and certain ratios and other metrics derived therefrom. The Compan y defines ( i ) EBITDA as earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization and (ii) Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further ad justed by the removal of certain non - recurring costs and assumed public company costs. The Company defines Adjusted Gross Profit as revenue less cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization). These non - GAAP financial measures are no t measures of financial performance in accordance with GAAP and may exclude items that are significant in understanding and assessing the Companys financial results. Such measures may not be indicative of the Companys historical operating results nor are such measures meant to be predictive of future results. Therefore, these measures should not be considered in isolation o r as an alternative to net income, cash flows from operations or other measures of profitability, liquidity or performance under G AAP . You should be aware that the Companys presentation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly - titled measures used by other companies. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on these non - GAAP financial measures. The Company believes these non - GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regardi ng certain financial and business trends relating to the Companys financial condition and results of operations. The Company believes that the use of these non - GAAP financial measures provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoin g operating results and trends in and in comparing the Companys financial measures with other similar companies, many of whi ch present similar non - GAAP financial measures to investors. These non - GAAP financial measures are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which expense and income are excluded or included in determining these non - GAAP financial measures. Please refer to footnotes where presented on each page of this presentation and/o r to the appendix found at the end of this presentation for more details regarding the calculations of such measures and/or f or a reconciliation of these measures to what the Company believes are the most directly comparable measures evaluated in accordan ce with GAAP. This presentation also includes certain projections of non - GAAP financial measures. Due to the high variability and difficulty i n making accurate forecasts and projections of some of the information excluded from these projected measures, together with som e of the excluded information not being ascertainable or accessible, the Company is unable to quantify certain amounts that would be required to be included in the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures without unreasonable effort. Consequently, no disclosure of estimated comparable GAAP measures is included and no reconciliation of the forward - looking non - GAAP financial mea sures is included. Industry and Market Data : In this presentation, the Company relies on and refers to certain information and statistics obtained from third - party sources which it believes to be reliable. Neither the Company nor GSRT has independently verified the accuracy or completeness of any such third - party information. Trademarks and Trade Names : The Company and GSRT own or have rights to various trademarks, service marks and trade names that they use in connection wi th the operation of their respective businesses. This presentation also contains trademarks, service marks and trade names of third parties, which are the property of their respective owners. The use or display of thir d p arties trademarks, service marks, trade names or products in this presentation is not intended to, and does not imply, a rel ati onship with the Company or GSRT, or an endorsement or sponsorship by or of the Company or GSRT. Solely for convenience, the trademar ks, service marks and trade names referred to in this presentation may appear without the , or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the Company or GSRT will not assert, to the fullest extent under ap pli cable law, their rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. Additional Information About the Proposed Business Combination and Where to Find It: GSRT intends to file a registration statement on Form F - 4 (the Registration statement) that will include a proxy statement/pro spectus of the SPAC. The Registration Statement is not yet effective. The Registration Statement, including the proxy statement/prospectus contained therein, when it is declared effective by the SEC, will contain important information about the Business Combination and the other matters to be voted upon at a meeting of the GSRTs shareholders to be held to approve the Business Combination and other matters (the Special M eet ing). GSRT may also file other document with the SEC regarding the proposed Business Combination. GSRT shareholders and other interested person are advised to read, when available, the Registration Statement, including the proxy statement/prospe ctu s contained therein, as well as any amendments or supplements thereto, because they will contain important information about the Business Combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to GSRT shareholders as of a r eco rd date to be established for voting on the Business Combination and the other matters to be voted upon at the Special Meetin g. Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus and, once available, the definitive proxy s tat ement/prospectus, as well as other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed business combination and other documen ts filed with the SEC by GSRT, without charge, at the SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Participants in the Solicitation: GSRT, Terra and certain of their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, und er SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from GSRTs shareholders in connection with the proposed Business Combination. You may obtain more detailed information regarding the nam es and interests in the Business Combination of GSRTs directors and officers in the GSRTs filing with SEC. information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to the GSRT shareholder in connec tio n with the Business Combination will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statem ent . Investors and security holders of GSRT are urged to carefully read in their entirety the proxy statement/prospectus and other re levant documents that will be filed with the SEC, when they become available because they will contain important information abo ut the Business Combination. 3

GSR III Acquisition Corp. : Highly Experienced SPAC Sponsor 4 Gus Garcia Co - CEO & Director Lewis Silberman Co - CEO & Director Anantha Ramamurti CFO, President & Director Yuya Orime Chief Business Development Officer G |SPACs GSR III Acquisition Corp. completed its IPO in November 2024 with $230 million cash - in - trust Highly experienced sponsor team with extensive SPAC transaction credentials Previously sponsored two SPACs, including GSR II Meteora Acquisition Corp., which raised $316.25 million in February 2022 and subsequently completed its initial business combination with Bitcoin Depot, Inc. (Nasdaq: BTM) in June 2023 Members of GSRT team have also advised on 22 SPAC mergers that have closed since 2020

Terra Innovatum : A Differentiated Nuclear Story 5 Capitalizing on a Megatrend Addressing growing demand for electricity generation with a modular low - carbon, cost - competitive and reliable solution De - risked Business Model Factory assembly materially reduces costs; use of lo w - e nriched uranium (4.95% LEU) fuel and readily available components de - risks supply chain, avoids proliferation risks and further simplifies regulatory approval Design and Unit Economics Drives Diverse End Market Exposure 10 - meter cube size and LCOE (1) of $0.07/kWh addresses key customers beyond datacenters, including industrial production and factories, rural and remote locations, mining, healthcare and radio isotope production, desalination, defense, space, and other major verticals Team of Nuclear Veterans Combined 180 years of experience in nuclear engineering, design, safety, operations, licensing and regulatory matters Safety and Safeguards as the #1 Priority Designed with specific safety and safeguard parameters to streamline regulatory approval including reactor size, power levels and real - time monitoring (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (1) Levelized cost of energy, which is defined as the average cost per kilowatt hour of electricity produced over the life of th e SOLO reactor. Calculated by taking the sum of all costs like initial capital investment, operation and maintenance and fuel costs, and dividing by the expected energy production over the life of the SOLO reactor. Figure above assumes a 45 - year life for the SOLO reactor including the cost of two re - fuelings , one at year 15 and another at year 30.

16% 43% 21% 19% 1% Nuclear Offers a Unique Value Proposition vs. Competing Technologies for a Net Zero Grid 6 Source: US Department of Energy Advanced Nuclear Commercial Liftoff Report; https://liftoff.energy.gov/advanced - nuclear - 2/ Notes: (1) U.S. Energy Information Administration. Data as of 2023. Others include petroleum and other sources. https://www.e ia. gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=427 (2) Clean: as measured by net or lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions, g CO2 eq. (NREL); (3) Firm : p ower or power - producing capacity, intended to be available at all times during the period covered by a guaranteed commitment to deliver, even under a dve rse conditions (EIA glossary); (4) Low land use: as measured by land use intensity of electricity and acres/MW; (5) Grade ref lec ts the impact in modeling studies which show 50% reduction in new transmission buildout in scenarios with higher share of firm power vs intermittent re new able sources, when normalized for energy demand (Princeton NZA study); (6) Economic benefits concentrated in the local commun ity as measured by jobs, wages, tax basis, and economic multipliers; (7) Ability for a generating asset to decarbonize beyond electricity generation, e.g ., high temperatures and high reliability for industrial heat Nuclear offers high - paying jobs and significant regional economic benefits, can aid in an equitable transition to a net - zero grid, and has a wide variety of use cases that enable grid flexibility and decarbonization beyond the grid, including high temperatures for industrial heat Direct Heat Application (7) Concentrated Local Economic Benefits (6) Low Transmission Buildout (5) Low Land Use (4) Firm (3) Clean (2) Nuclear Geothermal Hydropower Renewables + LDES Renewables: Offshore Renewables: Onshore Natural Gas + CCS Coal + CCS Natural Gas Coal Low Concentrated High Mid Low Low land transmission local economic Direct heat Clean? Firm? use? buildout? benefits? applications Nuclear Geothermal Hydropower Renewables + LDES Renewables: offshore Renewables: onshore Natural gas + CCS Coal + CCS Natural gas Coal High Mid Low Coal Gas Renewables Nuclear Others US Energy Supply Mix (1)

7 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Remote, Rural and Island Communities Infrastructure Industrial / Factories (Power & Heat) Medical / Healthcare With minimal site requirements, low maintenance capital costs and long periods between refueling, microreactors are ideal for a broad and diverse set of end markets Mining Projects Defense Installations Water Treatment and Desalination Materials Production Manufacturing Radioisotope Production Pharmaceutical Facilities Data Centers / Cryptocurrency Mining 1 - 5+ SOLOs 1 - 20+ SOLOs 1 - 5+ SOLOs 30 - 300+ SOLOs (1) All estimates based on management's current expectations. Actual number of SOLO reactors deployed will depend on a number of ext ernal factors and may vary materially from the estimates presented here. Illustrative Per - Site Need (1) Energy Storage / Generator Replacement Shipping Ports & Marine Terminals EV Charging Hotels / Resorts Semiconductor Fabrication Oil and Gas Operations Broadly Diversified End Markets: Ideally Suited for Multiple Applications

$475 $1,875 $850 $114 $925 $4,150 $3,056 $736 Valuation Benchmarking vs. Key Metrics 8 Negotiated Equity Value / At IPO Market Cap. (1) Current Market Cap. Source: SEC filings and Factset as of April 17, 2025. (1) Excludes any earnout shares. (2) Terrestrial Energy announced a merger with HCM II Acquisition Corp. on March 26, 2025, and the transaction has not closed ye t. (3) First - of - a - Kind. (4) High - Assay Low - Enriched Uranium. 2028 2029 2029 2030 2027 2028 2030 2031 Pre IPO Pre IPO Not Yet Readily Available Readily Available HALEU (4) Fuel Not Readily Available HALEU (4) Fuel Not Readily Available EXPECTED FOAK (3) / COMMERCIALIZATION REGULATORY ENGAGEMENT PLAN FILED SUPPLY CHAIN Pre IPO 2034 Pre IPO Molten Salt Fuel Not Readily Available (2) (US$ in millions)

Transaction Overview: $475 million Equity Consideration to Existing Terra Shareholders 9 Key Transaction Terms Aligned with Public Investors Terra shareholders to roll over 100% of existing equity and all net transaction proceeds to be invested in the Company Terra is highly incentivized to progress through the NRC process via additional 80 million shares vested equally as follows: Submittal and docketing of at least 10 of the planned Pre - Application Topical Reports, or $12/share (1) ; U.S.NRC (2) Docketing of the SOLO Construction Permit Application (PSAR), or $14/share (1) ; Acceptance and docketing of SOLO Test Reactor Construction Permit (FSAR and CPA), or $16/share (1) ; Issuance of Operating License (OLA) of SOLO Test Reactor, or $18/share (1) Terra Innovatums Unique Combination Attributes (1) Share price based milestones will be achieved when respective share prices are satisfied for 5 trading days of any consec uti ve 20 trading day period. (2) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Safety profile that can only be achieved by micro reactors + + = Ability to use fuel and components that are all licensed today and can be sourced from various suppliers, therefore avoiding cost and delays of HALEU Small and standardized size allows for the use of the existing nuclear manufacturing supply chain without the need to build own manufacturing facilities in the near - term Resulting in a very low levelized cost of energy Behind the meter capability +

COMPANY OVERVIEW AND HIGH - LEVEL PROJECT CHARACTERISTICS

Leadership: Highly Experienced Team of Nuclear Industry Experts 11 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. MARCO CHERUBINI (PhD) Co - Founder, C hief T echnology O fficer & Product Director CESARE F REPOLI (PhD) Co - Founder, C hief O perating O fficer & Licensing Director MAS S IMO MORICHI (PhD) Partner, C hief S trategy O fficer & SOLO Safeguards Director GIORDANO MORICH I Partner, Chief Business Development Officer & Investor Relations GUILLAUME MOYEN (MBA) Partner, C hief F inancial O fficer ALESSANDRO PETRUZZI (PhD) Co - Founder & C hief E xecutive O fficer $ 5B+ NPP (1) Projects Value Generation Globally recognized leader in safety and design of nuclear installations Expertise to prepare and support the licensing of 3 distinct types of nuclear power plants Specializes in nuclear safety analysis, licensing and digital solutions, especially in SMRs and Micro Reactors in the US Key contributor to international nuclear projects particularly in Japan and Europe $100M+ Business Development Capital Generation 11+ International Patents 60+ Nuclear industries and safety authorities 40+ Experiences in Governmental Contracts FOUNDING COMPANIES MANAGEMENTS PRIOR ACHIEVEMENTS Atlantica Venture Partners $750M+ R&D Projects Managed Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh) (1) Nuclear Power Plants.

12 We Deliver Simple and Safe Micro - Reactor Solutions That are Scalable, Affordable and Deployable Anywhere 1MWe at a Time MAKING NUCLEAR POWER ACCESSIBLE Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

13 13 DESIGN COMPLETED October 2024 Safeguards by Design Zero Emergency Zone Area 1MWe Electric 10m ~33 ft 10m ~33 ft 4MWt Thermal 15 Years LEU Fuel No Refueling (1) LICENSED FUEL SOLO UNIT No Explosion No Meltdown Limited Radiation Exposure Existing Supply Chain Small Footprint (1) With LEU, SOLO TM does not require refueling for 15 years and with HALEU, SOLO TM does not require refueling for 45 years. (2) High - Assay Low - Enriched Uranium. 2x Core Swap Operations with LEU (45 years total) Planned Decommissioning on - Site, with Reactor Core Fitting in a Licensed Dry Cask HALEU (2) 45 Years ENGINEERED WITH No Proliferation Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

14 14 MODULAR BY DESIGN Scalable in Power, Cost, and Footprint 1MWe 4MWt 1MWe 4MWt 1MWe 4MWt 3MWe - 12MWth BENEFITS OF MODULARITY Scalability Redundancy Standardized Construction Proximity 1GWe Up to Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

15 15 15 15 Presence of Research Reactors (RR) in Urban Areas (1) https://explorenuclear.com/maps/map - of - us - nuclear - sites/. Texas A&M and Kairos Power (Oak Ridge) has 2 reactors. 30+ RR in university campuses and laboratories close to densely populated areas. MIT 6MWth Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh) US Research & Test Reactors (1)

Use of Readily Available Components Further Simplifies Regulatory Process 16 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Note: Terra has initiated supply discussions and has already signed MOUs with some of the suppliers shown above. SUPPLIERS FUEL MODERATORS COOLAND & SHUTDOWN SYSTEM REACTOR VESSEL SHELL, METALS, DRUMS, PIPING, I&C ASSEMBLY GENERATOR, TURBINE & PUMPS CONCRETE & AIR CIRCULATION Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

17 The Future is Near The image depicts a future scenario where SOLO reactors are integrated into a mixed - use development, combining residential and commercial spaces powered by the micro reactor technology Rendering: On - Site Assembly of 2 SOLO Units (1MWe/4MWt Each) On - Site Final Assembly o Prefabricated (Licensed) Concrete Blocks o Connection to the End - User via BOP (Balance of Plant) Expedited Standardized Process and Assembly Modules Plug - & - Use for 15 Years (Uninterrupted) 2028 2029 FOAK & CONSTRUCTION PERMIT Streamlined Deployment Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

18 SOLO Generates Diverse Resources at an Attractive Cost Electricity (1MWe) Heat (4MWt) Co - Generation (1MWe + 3MWt) SOLO to provide fixed energy cost of $0.07/kWh across 45 years with further kWh cost reduction for co - generation application (electricity plus heat) Radioisotopes (Medical) Team Design Supply Chain Cost (kWh)

MICRO - MODULAR REACTOR OVERVIEW

20 2.4m (W) x 2.4m (D) x 6.5m (H) Overall Dimensions 1 MWe Electricity Capacity 4 MWt Thermal Capacity UO 2 Pellets (4.95% U - 235), Zircalloy clad (same as operating LWRs (1) ) Fuel Rods 15 years without refueling (45 years with refueling) Operating Cycle A solid heterogenous matrix made of Beryllium and Graphite Moderator Helium Coolant Total less than 60 MT (Reactor core is less than 20 MT) Weight Assembled in a factory and transportable Manufacturing Behind the meter application and off - grid use cases Use Case Electricity, heat source, material test reactor, radioisotope production for medical use Multi - Purpose SOLO TM Micro Modular Reactor Key Features (1) Light Water Reactors.

21 Upper Plenum Coolant Channel Lower Plenum CORE Reactor Vessel Shell Integrated Radiological Containment C old c oolant enters the core C oolant Inlet Heat from core is transferred to the coolant Heat is transferred to cooling loop for power generation Hot c oolant exits the core Coolant Channel How It Works Heat Generation and Removal

12 Shut d own D rums 12 drums block with absorbing material above Extraction of the reflector and insertion of absorbing materials 6 out of 12 drums are sufficient to shut down the reactor (N+6 redundancy) How It Works Multiple Redundant Shutdown Mechanisms 22 12 Control Blades Compensate for excess reactivity 12 blades used 8 out of 12 blades are sufficient to shut down the reactor (N+4 redundancy) 12 Shut d own Blades 12 blades used 8 out of 12 blades are sufficient to shut down the reactor (N+4 redundancy) CONTROL SYSTEM SAFETY SHUTDOWN SYSTEMS 6 Shutdown Pellets 6 absorbing cylinders inserted in the 6 safety channels of the first ring 2 out of 6 pellets are sufficient to shut down the reactor (N+4 redundancy) He - 3 I njection S ystem Injected in the six channels of the first radial ring High sub - criticality reached

23 Heat removal for normal and accident conditions based on natural convection Decay heat can be removed by forced circulation even though natural circulation is sufficient The amount of decay heat the day after a reactor is shut down is equivalent to the heat generated from ~ 10 bread toasters 23 Monolith : Biological Shield & Decay Heat Removal System Biological Shield Effective dose below the public exposure limit of 1 mSv/year Even continuous (24/7, 365 days) exposure complies with safety regulations (1) 2.5m Emergency Zone Plan Limited to Operations Boundary. MONOLITH: A 2.5m THICK C ONCRETE BLOCK (1) SOLO TM s annual radiation is 0.01 mSv while the annual limit for general public is 1 mSv, according to NRC Occupational Dose Limits . 

Built on LEU , Forward - Compatible with HALEU 24 15 30 70 15 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 HALEU LEU Fuel Cycle Analysis Years P=4MWt P=4MWt P=10MWt P=20MWt fills the gap between the current use of standard LEU and HALEU SOLO TM provides the only platform to be able to transition from currently licensed fuel products (LEU) to future fuel products and supply (HALEU) LEU: can operate for ~15 years without need for refueling HALEU : can operate for ~70 years without need for refueling (1) As of today, certain non - fuel materials would need to be replaced at ~45 years SOLO TM can also benefit from current and future accident tolerant fuel (ATF) solutions related to new clad material , which would allow an increase of the average working temperature, consequently improving the thermodynamic efficiency and possibly extending its industrial applications (1) Based on the neutronics analysis, with the use of HALEU, SOLO could either ( i ) operate at a large power output of 20MWt for 15 - years, or (ii) operate at the same power output of 4MWt por ~70 years. Increasing the power output, however, would require a change to the design of the reactor, while operating at the same power for a longer period of time would not require such design change s. (1) Bottom line: Terra's fuel flexibility significantly reduces time to market risk by being able to operate with LEU, while at the same time enjoying all the benefits of HALEU once it becomes available

PROJECT IMPLEMENTATION

Key Milestones 26 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. TECHNOLOG Y MILESTONE S Technology Principle Evaluation Literature Research Conceptualization Definition of high - level requirements Preliminary definition of microreactor features Nuclear Components, Detail Design Assembly process definition ST - 1: Early Demonstrator (Electric) Submittal of licensing documentation (phase 1) Fund raising USNRC Regulatory Engagement Plan Supply Chain and Industry Partnerships Product Definition & Optimization Techno - Economic Analysis Licensing and Industrial Partnerships Submittal of Licensing Documentation 202 5 Plan 202 4 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 MAN HOURS NEEDED Development of the concept Finalization of high - level requirements Reactor physics analysis Preliminary selection of materials Reactor physics and thermal analysis feasibility Assessment of market availability of selected materials Concept design available TINN Foundation Reactor physics and thermal analysis iterative design improvements Iterations on materials availability Preliminary cost evaluation SOLO Preliminary design Reactor physics configuration Thermal analysis configuration Structural Mechanics analysis Review of SOLO design requirements Advanced design Introduction of safeguards in the design Technology De - Risk Techno - Economic Analysis Preliminary Decommissioning design 1,200 1,200 1,200 1,440 2,280 4,320 5,520 >20,000 Microreactor High Level Requirements Microreactor Feasibility Studies Start of Design Phases Preliminary Design Design Progress Highlights In Progress

7 Provisional Patents Filed 2025 27 Intellectual Property & Topics of Provisional Patents Filed Low - leakage, Extended - life, Low - enrichment Thermal Reactor Control and Shutdown system Reactor Vessel Shell / Integrated Radiological Containment Radioisotope production system (medical) Safeguards by Design Monolith (Biological Shield) Integrated Decommissioning

Terra Innovatum Leads All Value Creation Processes Throughout Operations 28 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Project Management Licensing and Site Development PROJECT MANAGEMENT Contractors (CAPEX Light) Customers Reactor Design Own (and/or invest equity) Operate, Monitor & Safety Supervision Offtake Customers Contract Manufacturing / Assembly / Installation Source: US Department of Energy Advanced Nuclear Commercial Liftoff Report; https://liftoff.energy.gov/advanced - nuclear - 2/ Note: The chart above is adjusted by Terra Innovatum from the original report. In - House Outsourced Terra will sell reactors to their customers and be responsible either directly, or indirectly, for quarterbacking the entire process from start to finish, including site development, project management, constructing, installing, operating, supervisin g and monitoring the reactor Terras flexible ownership model will aim to suit a variety of customer needs

S O L O E C O N O M I C S

Key Factors for Competitive Electricity Pricing and Strong Unit Economics 30 Ownership Model Autonomous energy baseload at fixed price for 15 to 45 years Off - Grid No Transmission / Distribution Costs and Taxes Smaller Scale Less Complexity and Faster Assembly / Deployment (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Existing Supply Chain Utilization of Standard LEU fuel and Components Require Less R&D and Licensing Efforts

Unit Economics 31 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. $17.5 $19.0 $1.5 $3.5 $8.0 $0.8 $6.7 Sale of SOLO Service Revenue Total Revenue Fuel Cost Other SOLO Costs Service Cost Unit-Level Cashflow Assumptions and Cashflow Margins Assumes $100K annual maintenance fee charged to customer for 15 years Unit - level cashflow margin At 1,000 units: 35% of revenue At 10,000 units: 55% of revenue Direct User Final Electricity Cost Calculations (LCOE (3) ) For a direct user of a SOLO, the final electricity cost is equal to the LCOE 45 Years (assuming 2 refuelings ): $0.07/kWh (4) 45 Years (using HALEU): $0.045/kWh (5) Illustrative Unit Economics (1) (First 15 Years) NOAK (2) (At 1,000 Units) Note: Other Costs include all capital costs, including balance of plant, contingency and transportation costs. For each respective time period, LCOE defined as total capital and maintenance costs, divided by total kWh produced. Unit economics and LCOE calculations do not include annual license or decommissioning fees. (1) Unit economic estimates are presented for illustrative purposes only and is subject to change based upon a number of external fa ctors and may vary materially from the estimates presented here. (2) Nth - of - a - Kind. (3) Levelized Cost of Energy. (4) Includes cost of fuel and other capital and transportation costs associated with the refueling. Assumes yearly kWh produced o f ~ 10.6mm. (5) Assumes that in the future HALEU can be obtained at similar cost of LEU today; no refueling required during the 45 - year period w hen using HALEU. Assumes yearly kWh produced of ~10.8mm. 35%

HI CA RI AK MA CT NH ME NJ VT DC MD IL MN NY VA CO FL WI NV SD MI DE AZ IN WY OR MO PA WV NC KS MT NE ID ND AL OH GA UT IA SC MS AR KY WA TX TN OK LA NM HI CA AK CT RI MA NH VT NY ME DC NJ MI AL MD WI IN AZ MN TN DE MS CO MT IL WV KY KS FL GA PA OR OH SD NM NC SC WA NV LA IA AR MO WY ID VA OK TX NE UT ND SOLO to Offer Below Average Electricity Prices in Most States 32 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Co - Generation of Degraded Heat Can Further Enhance Cost Effectiveness ($ / kWh) Illustrative Net Cost per kWh (3) Required Thermal Power Potential carbon tax credits (4) can provide additional savings, depending on the region Average Price Paid by Commercial Customers in US (2024) (1) Average Price Paid by Industrial Customers in US (2024) (1) Max: $0.39 / kWh Min: $0.07 / kWh Median: $0.12 / kWh Median: $0.08 / kWh SOLO: $0.07/kWh (2) Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (Average Price of Electricity to Ultimate Customers by End - Use Sector). (1) Represent average monthly average price in 2024 from respective states. (2) SOLOs expected electricity cost is based on the 45 - year period with LEU. Assumes yearly kWh produced of ~10.8mm. (3) Assume 25 28% efficiency and $25MWh thermal cost. The analysis does not include client specific ancillary cost for delivery. A ctual costs could vary materially between clients and are based on a number of external factors. (4) Carbon tax credits incentivize carbon capture and storage, offering tax benefits for projects that capture, utilize, or store ca rbon dioxide, promoting emissions reductions and climate action. SOLO: $0.07/kWh (2) Max: $0.34 / kWh Min: $0.06 / kWh

Wide Variance in Power Prices Paid within a State 33 Even in states where the average cost of power paid by commercial and industrial customers is relatively low, there is a wide variance around those averages In WA for example, industrial customers pay an average of 7 cents per kWh, but ~34% of customers pay an average of 9 cents or higher (~30%+ more than average) (1) 3,187 customers @ 12 cents 140 customers @ 10 cents 5,562 customer @ 9 cents Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration. (Form EIA - 861, Sales by Ultimate Customers) (1) Data as of 2023. Only includes Bundled service types. Daily average use is calculated by dividing MWh by Count and assume 36 5 days a year. Washington State Industrial Customers by Utility (1) Utility Name Service Type $ ('000) MWh Count Daily Ave. Use (MWh) $ / kWh Puget Sound Energy Inc Bundled $123,548 1,070,933 3,187 0.9 $0.12 City of Centralia - (WA) Bundled $10,509 106,857 140 2.1 $0.10 City of Seattle - (WA) Bundled $68,912 758,536 54 38.5 $0.09 Lakeview Light & Power Bundled $4,952 56,465 49 3.2 $0.09 PUD No 1 of Pend Oreille County Bundled $2,591 30,024 4 20.6 $0.09 PacifiCorp Bundled $61,745 721,546 5,455 0.4 $0.09 PUD No 1 of Grays Harbor County Bundled $6,863 84,348 21 11.0 $0.08 City of Ellensburg - (WA) Bundled $454 5,781 1 15.8 $0.08 City of Tacoma - (WA) Bundled $171,986 2,243,603 2,916 2.1 $0.08 Columbia Rural Elec Assn, Inc Bundled $17,384 226,954 536 1.2 $0.08 PUD No 3 of Mason County Bundled $3,166 43,301 1 118.6 $0.07 PUD No 1 of Clallam County Bundled $1,572 21,648 2 29.7 $0.07 PUD No 1 of Snohomish County Bundled $32,779 457,802 79 15.9 $0.07 Avista Corp Bundled $65,700 926,798 807 3.1 $0.07 Yakama Power Bundled $911 13,111 2 18.0 $0.07 Big Bend Electric Coop, Inc Bundled $22,359 327,285 2,503 0.4 $0.07 PUD No 1 of Okanogan County Bundled $880 13,134 2 18.0 $0.07 PUD No 1 of Lewis County Bundled $17,664 268,718 145 5.1 $0.07 PUD No 1 of Franklin County Bundled $17,746 273,147 333 2.2 $0.06 Benton Rural Electric Assn Bundled $13,180 212,687 1,390 0.4 $0.06 Inland Power & Light Company Bundled $5,485 89,846 507 0.5 $0.06 City of Richland - (WA) Bundled $11,184 186,291 54 9.5 $0.06 PUD No 2 of Pacific County Bundled $1,353 22,666 1 62.1 $0.06 PUD No 1 of Jefferson County Bundled $5,731 98,715 22 12.3 $0.06 PUD No 1 of Benton County Bundled $27,963 500,052 988 1.4 $0.06 PUD No 1 of Clark County - (WA) Bundled $41,809 750,390 32 64.2 $0.06 PUD No 1 of Klickitat County Bundled $8,446 158,570 253 1.7 $0.05 City of Port Angeles - (WA) Bundled $8,184 169,966 4 116.4 $0.05 PUD No 1 of Whatcom County Bundled $10,206 229,343 1 628.3 $0.04 PUD No 1 of Cowlitz County Bundled $129,929 2,922,664 31 258.3 $0.04 PUD No 2 of Grant County Bundled $177,049 4,116,092 5,322 2.1 $0.04 PUD No 1 of Chelan County Bundled $13,174 408,476 1,451 0.8 $0.03 PUD No 1 of Douglas County Bundled $1,250 41,561 45 2.5 $0.03 Bonneville Power Administration Bundled $7,384 534,686 3 488.3 $0.01 Total $1,094,048 18,091,996 26,341 58 $0.07

Estimated Cost to FOAK (First - of - a - Kind) 34 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 34 2025 2026 2027 2029 (1) Does not include transaction costs in the assumed working capital. Based on the current discussion with potential contract manufacturers, we expect to have an annual capacity for 400 SOLOs It is estimated to take approximately 2 years to increase the capacity to 800 1,000 units and eventually requiring co - investment To increase the capacity by 10x and reach 10,000 units production capacity, an estimated additional 3 years would be required Estimated required capital for direct and indirect engineering and licensing costs, FOAK construction costs, and working capital (1) Estimated Production Capacity $35M $40M $30M $35M 

TRANSACTION OVERVIEW

Transaction Overview 36 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Equity consideration to existing Terra Innovatum shareholders of $475 million, or 47.5 million shares at Closing In addition, 80 million shares will vest to existing Terra shareholders equally at illustrative pro forma share prices of $12, $14, $16, and $18 per share or certain regulatory engagement milestones Terra shareholders to roll over 100% of existing equity and all net transaction proceeds to be invested in the Company Anticipate raising committed financing in connection with the De - SPAC transaction Terra Innovatum shareholders and GSR III Sponsor will be subject to a staged lock - up released equally in four tranches that line up with quarterly earnings post closing (1) Illustrative Post - Transaction Ownership (3) (1) Subject to 1 st earnings release occurring at least 120 days after closing. Lock - up shares are subject to early releases at $12, $14, $16, and $18 per share at the discretion of the independent board of directors. (2) Assumes no redemptions. (3) Excluding earn - out of the existing Terra Innovatum shareholders, deferred founder shares, and anticipated committed financin g. Assumes no redemptions of the cash in trust. (4) Includes public rights, private placement rights and Class A shares underlying the private placement units. (5) GSR III Sponsor to defer 10% of its sponsor shares. Illustrative Sources and Uses (2) Key Transaction Terms

Terra Innovatums Unique Positioning in SMR Sector 37 (1) Nuclear Regulatory Commission. MWe (Low) MWe (High) LEU HALEU / TRISO Natrium (345) LMFR BWRX - 300 (300) BWR SMR - 300 (300) PWR AP300 (300) PWR EM2 (265) (1) GFR IMSR (195) MSR Hermes (140) FHR ARC - 100 (100) LMFR MSR - 1 (100) MSR LFTR (100) FHR Xe - 100 (80) HTGR VOYGR (77) PWR FMR (50) GFR PWR - 20 (20) PWR [TBD] (15) PWR Aurora (15) LMFR Aalo - 1 (10) LMFR eVinci (5) N/A Kaleidos (1.2) HTGR Odin (1.25) LMFR Source: Company websites and NRC site. (https://www.nrc.gov/reactors/new - reactors/advanced/who - were - working - with/pre - application - activities.html#gaes) Note: First rows indicate name of reactors, and numbers in parentheses indicate MWe. Second rows indicate coolant technologie s. (1) Utilize both HALEU and LEU. SOLO w/LEU (1) GCR GCR: Gas - Cooled Reactor HTGR : High Temperature Gas - Cooled Reactor BWR : Boiling Water Reactor PWR : Pressurized Water Reactor GFR : Gas - Cooled Fast Reactor FHR: Fluoride Salt - Cooled High - Temperature Reactor LMFR : Liquid Metal Fast Breeder Reactor MSR : Molten Salt Reactors SOLO is the Only Reactor Focusing on 1MWe Power Generation Category with Use of LEU 

38 SOLO is Smaller, Simpler and More Flexible than Larger SMRs and Traditional Nuclear Reactors Key Takeaways 38 FOAK / Commercialization Expected in 2028 2029 In - Factory Efficient Assembly Cycle Utilizes Known Fuel with Existing Supply Chain Safeguards by Design and 24/7 Remote Monitoring Designed with Safety as the Top Priority Sizable TAM; Diverse End Markets Grid - Independent Clean Energy Source Modularity & Minimal Land Requirements Low Energy Cost: $0.07/kWh across 45 years 45 Year Life (15 Years Between Refueling)

APPENDIX

An ideal platform (small and deployable anywhere w/o EZP) for large scale production of medical radioisotopes (e.g. Tc99) Easily accessible channels inside the reactor (as part of the basic design) purposed for material transmutation Suitable for a wide spectrum of radioisotope production A significant parallel revenue stream beside fulfilling Terra Innovatum mission to leverage nuclear technology for the benefit and progress of humanity 40 Radioisotope Production COMPUTER CODE SERPENT

The reactor will include safeguards based on the Fuel Verification system implemented by IAEA SOLO features 4 - 8 safeguards reactor channels around the core with gamma and neutron multiplicity counting allowing unique fingerprint of in - core fuel presence Measurement channels are transmitting in real time to IAEA Headquarter with data encryption and possible authentication via satellite System is locked and sealed in an anti - tampering hous ing and allow on - site inspection verification 41 Core Reactor & Safeguards Verification COMPUTER CODE SERPENT

Nearly uniform temperature distribution across the reactor. Minimal structural thermal loads. Nominal Temperatures (SOLO Base - Line*) Max clad temperature = 750K Coolant Inlet temperature = 550K Coolant outlet temperature = 650K Gas cooling (single - phase) and thermal conduction across the structures. Physics - based and low uncertainties in modeling and simulation (CFD) Minimum V&V and highly transparent safety case *SOLO Base l ine: SOLO - X1 Power - class 1.0 MWe/4.0 MWth (Target 2028) 42 COMPUTER CODE CFX (CFD) RELAP Thermal: High - Fidelity Evaluation Model

Storage of End - of - Life Core : Meets all the Normal and Accident Condition Design Loads (10 CFR 71 Requirements) C O R E D I S P O S A L C A S K (D1.7m and H5m) SOLO core box is physically separated from reactor assembly COTs Cask can contain the whole core box SOLO Heat shelf significantly below limits of commercial off - the - self dry casks Package approved for: transport by rail, truck, or marine transport Transport cask, consisting of a containment boundary, structural shell, gamma shielding material, and solid neutron shield 43 Decommissioning

202 5 by Terra Innovatum, All Rights Reserved. www.x - solo.com The content provided in this presentation is for informational purposes only and is intended to offer general information about Terra Innovatum, its business, its products and its services. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any products or services. Photos and descriptions on the presentation are purely indicative of the possible services and products of Terra Innovatum and do not intended to infringe on any copyrights or intellectual property rights nor imply any obligation to actually render said services and products now or in the future. Nothing on this presentation is intended to market, advertise, promote, or in any way provide information on the products or services of Terra Innovatum in any jurisdiction or country where such activities are not permitted by law. Terra Innovatum does not seek to engage in any commercial activities in jurisdictions or countries where its products or services are not authorized. TM 44
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-2_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-2_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-2_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-2_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-2_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-2_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-2_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-2_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-2_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-2_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-2_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-2_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-2_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-2_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-2_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-2_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-2_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-2_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-2_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-2_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-2_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-2_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-2_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex99-2_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex99-2_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex99-2_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex99-2_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex99-2_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex99-2_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex99-2_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex99-2_034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex99-2_035.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex99-2_036.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex99-2_037.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex99-2_038.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex99-2_039.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex99-2_040.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex99-2_041.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex99-2_042.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex99-2_043.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex99-2_044.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>gsrt-20250422.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>gsrt-20250422_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>gsrt-20250422_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one seventh of one right 

Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each whole right entitling the holder to receive one Class A ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>gsrt-20250422_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 22, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42399

Entity Registrant Name GSR III Acquisition Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0002029023

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 5900 Balcones Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78731

City Area Code 914

Local Phone Number 369-4400

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one seventh of one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one seventh of one right

Trading Symbol GSRTU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol GSRT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each whole right entitling the holder to receive one Class A ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each whole right entitling the holder to receive one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol GSRTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GSRT_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneSeventhOfOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GSRT_ClassOrdinaryShareParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GSRT_RightsEachWholeRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneClassOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gsriiiacquisitioncorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0239063-8k425_gsr3acq.htm 
gsrt-20250422.xsd 
gsrt-20250422_def.xml 
gsrt-20250422_lab.xml 
gsrt-20250422_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-033950-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>ea0239063-8k425_gsr3acq_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002029023 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002029023 

GSRT:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneSeventhOfOneRightMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002029023 

GSRT:ClassOrdinaryShareParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002029023 

GSRT:RightsEachWholeRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneClassOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002029023 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-04-22 
GSR III Acquisition Corp. 
E9 
001-42399 
5900 Balcones Drive 
Suite 100 
Austin 
TX 
78731 
914 
369-4400 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one seventh of one right 
GSRTU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share 
GSRT 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each whole right entitling the holder to receive one Class A ordinary share 
GSRTR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>