<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-073415.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-073415.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404161025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-073415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mastech Digital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				262753540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34099
		FILM NUMBER:		25814675

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1305 CHERRINGTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 210, SUITE 400
		CITY:			MOON TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-787-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1305 CHERRINGTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 210, SUITE 400
		CITY:			MOON TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mastech Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080610
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938577d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000143722600014372262025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Pennsylvania 001-34099 26-2753540

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1305 Cherrington Parkway, Suite 400

Moon Township, PA15108

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(412)787-2100

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share MHH NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Resignation of John J. Cronin, Jr. 

On March 31, 2025, John J. Cronin, Jr. submitted his resignation from his role as Chief Financial Officer of Mastech Digital, Inc. (the Company), effective as of April 14, 2025 (the Effective Date). Mr. Cronin will remain an employee of the Company through May 30, 2025, to assist with the transition to the new Chief Financial Officer (as described below). In connection with his resignation and contingent upon the signing of a Separation and Release Agreement, Mr. Cronin will receive the payments and other benefits provided for in Section 8(d) of the Fourth Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 8, 2024, among Mastech Digital Technologies, Inc., the Company and Mr. Cronin (the Cronin Employment Agreement). The foregoing description of the Cronin Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Cronin Employment Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2024, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Appointment of Kannan Sugantharaman as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer 

On March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) appointed Kannan Sugantharaman as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer, effective as of the Effective Date. From July 2020 to April 2025, Mr. Sugantharaman, age 46, served as Chief Financial Officer for Omega Health Management Services, where he was responsible for its financial functions, including accounting, audit, corporate finance and investor relations. In this role, Mr. Sugantharaman also oversaw an enterprise-level initiative to drive efficiency and scale across business functions. Prior to joining Omega Healthcare Management Services, Mr. Kannan served as Chief Financial Officer of Global Delivery Operations at Cognizant Technology Solutions (from December 2019 to June 2020) and Chief Operating Officer for Global Delivery Operations at Cognizant Technology Solutions (from August 2017 to December 2019). Mr. Sugantharaman started his career at KPMG and also previously held leadership positions at Sutherland Global Services. 

On March 31, 2025, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Sugantharaman (the CFO Employment Agreement), to be effective on the Effective Date. Also on March 31, 2025, Mastech Digital Private Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Sugantharaman (together with the CFO Employment Agreement, the Sugantharaman Employment Agreements), to be effective on the Effective Date. The terms of the Sugantharaman Employment Agreements commence on the Effective Date, continue until the date that is the fourth-year anniversary of the Effective Date and may be terminated by the Company at any time. 

The Sugantharaman Employment Agreements provide that Mr. Sugantharaman will receive an aggregate annual base salary of 2.25 Crores Indian Rupees (approximately $263,824 as of April 3, 2025) commencing on the Effective Date, which compensation is subject to annual review by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The Sugantharaman Employment Agreements also provide that Mr. Sugantharaman is eligible to earn an aggregate annual performance-based cash bonus of 1 Crore Indian Rupees (approximately $117,255 as of April 3, 2025) for the achievement of certain financial and operational targets. These targets, and the bonus dollars tied to such targets, will be determined by the Board on an annual basis. 

On the Effective Date and pursuant to the terms of the CFO Employment Agreement, Mr. Sugantharaman will receive an award of non-qualified stock options (the Effective Date Stock Options) to purchase up to 150,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock) for a per share exercise price equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE MKT on the Effective Date. The Effective Date Stock Options will be granted pursuant to the Companys Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 14, 2024 (the Stock Incentive Plan), and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Stock Incentive Plan and the Stock Option Agreement attached as an exhibit to the CFO Employment Agreement (the Stock Option Agreement). Subject to the terms of the Stock Option Agreement, the Effective Date Stock Options will vest in accordance with the following schedule: 

(i) 

18,750 shares will vest on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date; 

(ii) 

18,750 shares will vest on the second-year anniversary of the Effective Date; 

(iii) 

18,750 shares will vest on the third-year anniversary of the Effective Date; 

(iv) 

18,750 shares will vest on the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date; 

(v) 

37,500 shares will vest on the first date during Mr. Sugantharamans term of employment that the Companys Quarterly Average Market Capitalization (as defined in the Stock Option Agreement) is greater than $300,000,000; 

(vi) 

18,750 shares will vest on the first date during Mr. Sugantharamans term of employment that the Companys Quarterly Average Market Capitalization is greater than $450,000,000; and 

(vii) 

18,750 shares will vest on the first date during Mr. Sugantharamans term of employment that the Companys Quarterly Average Market Capitalization is greater than $600,000,000. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing schedule, the Effective Date Stock Options are subject to acceleration and forfeiture in the event of the termination of Mr. Sugantharamans employment and/or the consummation of a Change of Control of the Company, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Stock Option Agreement. 

Mr. Sugantharaman is also eligible to receive non-qualified stock options and other awards pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan in a manner and amount determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

In the event that Mr. Sugantharaman is terminated with Cause or resigns without Good Reason, the Company may immediately cease payment of any further wages, benefits or other compensation under the Sugantharaman Employment Agreements other than salary and benefits (excluding options or other equity awards) earned through the date of termination (the Accrued Obligations). In the event that Mr. Sugantharaman is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (in each case, other than within 12 months after a Change of Control of the Company), he is entitled to receive the Accrued Obligation and a severance equal to six months of his then current monthly base salary (less applicable deductions) that is payable by the Company over a six-month period following his termination date (the Severance Payments). Mr. Sugantharaman is also entitled to receive a pro-rated portion of his annual performance-based cash bonus target for the year in which his termination occurs (less applicable deductions), which is payable as soon as reasonably practicable following the completion of the Companys year-end audit for such year (the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment). 

In the event that Mr. Sugantharaman is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (in each case, other than within 12 months after a Change of Control of the Company) and the Company consummates a Change of Control after, but within twelve (12) months of, Mr. Sugantharamans termination date, Mr. Sugantharaman will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the difference between (i) the number of unvested and outstanding Accelerated Options (as defined below) on his termination date, multiplied by the fair market value of the consideration paid to one share of the Companys Common Stock in connection with such Change of Control (as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion), minus (ii) the aggregate exercise price for all of the Accelerated Options. Accelerated Options means (x) all unvested and outstanding time-based Effective Date Stock Options under the Stock Option Agreement and (y) all unvested and outstanding milestone-based Effective Date Stock Options that would become vested upon the achievement of the next applicable and then-unvested Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold under the Effective Date Stock Option Agreement. In the event that Mr. Sugantharaman is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (in each case, other than within 12 months after a Change of Control of the Company), any unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held by Mr. Sugantharaman on the date of his termination shall be forfeited. 

In the event that Mr. Sugantharaman is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason, in each case within 12 months after a Change of Control of the Company, he is entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations, the Severance Payments and the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment. In the event that Mr. Patel is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason, in each case within 12 months after a Change of Control of the Company, he is also entitled to the acceleration of the vesting and/or exercisability of all then-outstanding equity awards held effective as of the date of his termination, provided that the vesting and exercisability of the Effective Date Stock Options are subject to the terms of the Stock Option Agreement. 

Mr. Sugantharamans appointment is not pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with respect to any other person. There are no family relationships between Mr. Sugantharaman and any director or executive officer of the Company. There are no transactions in which Mr. Sugantharaman has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing description of the Sugantharaman Employment Agreements and the Stock Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Sugantharaman Employment Agreements (including the form of Stock Option Agreement attached as an exhibit to the CFO Employment Agreement), which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Decision of Bonnie K. Smith to not seek reelection as a Class II Director 

On April 3, 2025, Bonnie K. Smith, a member of the Board, notified the Company of her decision not to seek reelection as a Class II director at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). In addition to currently serving as a Class II director on the Board, Ms. Smith currently serves as a member of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board. Ms. Smith will continue to serve in such roles at the Company until her term as a Class II director on the Board expires at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Ms. Smiths decision not to seek reelection did not arise or result from any disagreement with the Company, but rather due to her desire to focus on personal commitments. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement, made as of March 31, 2025, by and between Mastech Digital, Inc. and Kannan Sugantharaman 

10.2 Executive Employment Agreement, made as of March 31, 2025, by and between Mastech Digital Private Limited and Kannan Sugantharaman 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ John J. Cronin, Jr.

Name: John J. Cronin, Jr.

Title: Chief Financial Officer

April 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938577dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of March 31, 2025, by and among Mastech Digital, Inc.
(Company), and Kannan Sugantharaman (Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive,
and Executive wishes to enter into the employ of the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, this Agreement
is a condition of Executives employment and is made in consideration for employment, wages and benefits offered to Executive contemporaneously with this Agreement. 

NOW THEREFORE, for the consideration set forth herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged by the parties, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS. 

1.1. Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control with such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including the terms controlled by and under common
control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

1.2. Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1.3. Cause shall mean (i) Executives convection of, or plea of guilty or no
contest to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or fraud; (ii) Executives willful conduct which constitutes personal dishonesty, incompetence, gross negligence or breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, theft
or deceit, which in each instance brings the Company or any Company Affiliate into public disgrace or disrepute and that is materially injurious to the business or reputation of the Company or any Company Affiliate; (iii) the substantial or
continued unwillingness of Executive to perform duties as reasonably directed by the Board, provide that Executive has been given reasonable written notice and explanation by the Board of any such failure to perform and reasonable opportunity to
cure such failure to perform, and no such cure has been effected within a reasonable time after notice; (iv) any material breach by Executive of Paragraphs 5 or 6 of this Agreement, or Executives breach of obligations pursuant to the
Confidential Information and Intellectual Property Protection Agreement; or (v) any facts, events or circumstances that would constitute Cause under any other written agreement between Executive, on the one hand, and the Company or
any Company Affiliate, on the other hand. 

1.4. Change of Controlshall mean (i) the consummation of
a reorganization, merger or consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction, involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a Business Combination), in each case, with respect to which all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial owners of the outstanding common stock immediately prior to such Business Combination do not, immediately following such Business Combination, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more
than fifty 

percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination; or (ii) the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
other than to a corporation with respect to which, following such sale or disposition, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then owned beneficially, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the common stock of
the Company immediately prior to such sale or disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control will not be deemed to have occurred unless such event would also be a Change in Control under Code Section 409A or would otherwise be
a permitted distribution event under Code Section 409A. 

1.5. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended from time to time. 

1.6. Company Affiliate(s) means any Affiliate of the Company. 

1.7. Company Employee(s) means any individual who is, as of the Termination Date, or was, within the three
(3) months prior to the Termination Date, a director, officer or employee of the Company or any Company Affiliate. 

1.8.
Competitor(s) means any undertaking, Person or entity engaged in, or about to become engaged in (as evidenced by announcements or contemporaneous written records), the Restricted Business, either in whole or substantially in part.

1.9. Confidential Information means and includes information which is confidential and proprietary to the
Company or Company Affiliate(s) and disclosed to or obtained by the Executive from the Company and / or such third parties, whether (without limitation) in graphic, written, electronic or machine readable form on any media or orally and whether or
not the information is expressly stated to be confidential or marked as such and includes, but is not limited to, information of value or significance to the Company or the Company Affiliate(s) such as: 

(i) 

intellectual property and trade secrets including information relating thereto or any part thereof;

(ii) 

data of past, present Customer / agent / licensee (whether in the United States or abroad) of the Company
including their names and the names of their directors, officers and employees and their respective addresses, sales figures, and sales conditions of Company; 

(iii) 

technological data used in conducting the business, including details as to the procedures and strategies, the
fees, discounts, commissions, and other credits of the Company; 

(iv) 

business data, including data relating to new products, projects, services, promotion campaigns, plans for
future development, pricing agreements and joint ventures in which the Company is involved; 

(v) 

all data in respect of executives of the Company i.e., details of compensation including but not limited to
employee stock options, performance-based incentives and benefits and commission; 

(vi) 

research and development data relating to the business; 

(vii) 

financial data, in particular, concerning budgets, the fees and revenue calculations, costs, financial
statements, costing, profits, profit margins, profit expectations and inventories of the Company; 

(viii) 

information received by the Company from third parties under obligation of confidentiality;

(ix) 

any information derived from any of the above; or 

(x) 

any copies of the abovementioned information; 

but does not include information that is part of public knowledge prior to or after the time of the disclosure (provided it was not made available to the
public as result of a prohibited disclosure). 

1.10. Customer(s) shall mean any individual, corporation,
partnership, business or other entity, whether for-profit or not-for-profit (i) whose existence and business is or should
reasonably be known to Executive as a result of Executives access to the Companys and Company Affiliates business information, Confidential Information, customer lists or customer account information; (ii) that is a business
entity or individual with whom the Company or any Company Affiliate has contracted or negotiated during Executives employment (or following Executives termination of employment, during the one (1) year period preceding such
termination); or (iii) who is or becomes a prospective client, customer or acquisition candidate of the Company or any Company Affiliate during the period of Executives employment. 

1.11. Good Reason shall mean, without the written consent of Executive, (i) a material diminution of
Executives job responsibilities, Executives reporting relationship to the Board, or Executive no longer holding the title of Chief Financial Officer of the Company; or (B) Executives responsibilities, as a result of such
Change of Control or corporate transaction, become that of executive-level management of a business unit, division, subsidiary or other Affiliate of the acquiring or surviving company or one of its Affiliates; (ii) a reduction in
Executives base salary or failure to pay Executive any compensation or benefits to which Executive is entitled within ten (10) days of the due date, unless any such reduction is part of and proportionate to a reduction in base
compensation for all similarly-situated employees of the Company in general, which reduction has been authorized by a majority of the Board; (iii) an uncured material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other agreement between
Executive and the Company; and (iv) the insolvency or filing (by any party, including the Company) of a petition for bankruptcy of 

the Company; and (v) the Company requiring Executive to be based at any place outside of Chennai, India, except for reasonably required travel on the Companys business. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist, and Executive shall not be permitted to terminate employment for Good Reason, unless and until (x) Executive has provided written notice of termination detailing the specific grounds
purportedly giving rise to the basis for Good Reason (or, for purposes of clause (iii), the purported material breach of this Agreement or other applicable agreement) not later than sixty (60) days after the time at which the event or condition
purportedly giving rise to the basis for Good Reason first occurs or arises; and (y) the Company has had thirty (30) days from the date of such written notice to cure such event or condition, as determined by Company in its reasonable and
good-faith discretion. 

1.12. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or governmental authority. 

1.13. Restricted Business means the business of offering data and analytics solutions and information technology
staffing services for both digital and mainstream technologies, digital engineering services, artificial intelligence services and generative artificial intelligence services, along with any business which provides, engages in, produces or sells and
products or services which are the same or substantially similar to the products and services provided, produced or sold by the Company or any Company Affiliate during the Term of Employment. 

1.14. Restricted Geography means the United States. 

1.15. Restricted Non-Compete Period means the period of twelve
(12) months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, that If Executive violates the provisions of Paragraph 5, the Restricted Non-Compete Period shall be extended by that number of
days which equals the aggregate of all days during which at any time any such violations occurred. 

1.16. Restricted Non-Solicitation Period means the period of twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, that If Executive violates the provisions of Paragraph 5, the
Restricted Non-Solicitation Period shall be extended by that number of days which equals the aggregate of all days during which at any time any such violations occurred. 

1.17. Termination Date means the date Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason.

2. EMPLOYMENT. 

2.1.TERM OF EMPLOYMENT. Executives employment under this Agreement shall commence on a date to be mutually agreed
by the parties, but in no event later than April 15, 2025 (such date, as set forth on the signature page hereto, the Effective Date) and shall continue until the date that is the fourth-year anniversary of the Effective Date
(unless terminated as provided under Paragraph 7), provided that thereafter this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one year, unless Executive or the Company shall 

give the other party not less than sixty (60) days written notice of non-renewal (the Term of Employment). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executives employment with the Company is at-will and nothing herein guarantees Executive continued employment by the Company for any
specified or intended term, and that his employment and this Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time. 

2.2.TITLES AND DUTIES. Subject to the terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement, during the Term of Employment, Executive shall be employed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and in such other positions with the Company
and any one or more Company Affiliates based in the United States (for no additional compensation) as may be determined by the Board or its designee from time to time. Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority normally
associated with such position and shall be responsible for consolidated financial reporting and submission of fillings to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Executive shall report in such capacity to the Board and shall be responsible for
providing advice and recommendations on financial matters, which the Board shall consider and elect to adopt, in its sole discretion. Executive agrees to perform Executives duties in a diligent, trustworthy, loyal, businesslike, productive,
and efficient manner and to use Executives reasonable best efforts to advance the business and goodwill of the Company and the Company Affiliates. Executive further agrees to devote all of Executives business time, skill, energy and
attention exclusively to the business of the Company and the Company Affiliates, and to comply with all rules, regulations and procedures of the Company and the Company Affiliates. During the Term of Employment, Executive will not engage in any
other business for Executives own account or accept any employment from any other business entity or Person, serve on any board of directors or trustees of any other Person or render any services, give any advice or serve in a consulting
capacity, whether gratuitously or otherwise, to or for any other Person, without the prior written approval of the Co-Chairmen of the Board (or the sole Chairman, if applicable), which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. In addition to Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, Executive may be required to perform services for Mastech Digital Pvt. Ltd., a separate but affiliated entity of the
Company. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any services performed for Mastech Digital Pvt. Ltd. shall be governed by a separate and distinct employment agreement and the agreements shall be considered independent and severable contracts. The
terms, conditions, rights, and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not apply to Executives employment with Mastech Digital Pvt. Ltd. Any compensation, benefits, or other remuneration provided to Executive for services performed for
Mastech Digital Pvt. Ltd. shall be separate and distinct from the compensation and benefits provided under this Agreement. 

3.
COMPENSATION AND OTHER BENEFITS. 

3.1. Executives compensation as of the Effective Date is set forth on
Schedule A hereto. Said compensation is subject to being reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Any changes to compensation will be set forth in a revised Schedule A. The Company shall be entitled to withhold
from any payments to Executive pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement any amounts required by any applicable taxing or other authority, or any amounts payable by Executive to the Company or any Company Affiliate. To the extent any compensation
or bonus payment made under this Agreement is subject to US taxes that exceed the amount of India taxes that would have been imposed on such compensation or bonus payment had 

the compensation or bonus payment been hypothetically subject exclusively to India taxes, the Company shall pay to Executive such additional amount
(Gross-Up Amount) as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by Executive after payment of such US Taxes (including any taxes on such additional amount) and after taking into
account any tax credits for such US taxes in India, will equal the full amount Executive would have received had no such US Taxes been applicable and instead only India taxes were applicable on such compensation or bonus. 

3.2.ANNUAL BONUS. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual performance bonus,
subject to the attainment of annual performance goals as determined by the Board. Executives annual target bonus shall be set forth on the most recently issued Schedule A. 

3.3.EQUITY. On the Effective Date, Executive shall receive an award of
non-qualified stock options to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company common stock (the Effective Date Stock Options), subject to the terms and conditions of a
Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement in the form attached hereto as Appendix A (the Effective Date Stock Option Agreement). Thereafter, during the Term of Employment, Executive shall
be eligible to receive non-qualified stock options and other awards pursuant to the Mastech Digital, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, originally effective as of October 1, 2008 and amended and restated
effective as of May 14, 2024 and as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, in a manner and amount determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its sole discretion. 

3.4.BENEFIT PLANS. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in and be covered on the
same basis as other executives of the Company, under all employee benefit plans and programs maintained by the Company at any time or from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Companys applicable benefit plans and policies, which
are controlling. 

3.5.EXPENSES. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all
properly documented expenses reasonably related to Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys standard policies and practices as in effect from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt,
under the terms of the Companys travel policy (as currently in effect), Executive is eligible to be reimbursed for the cost of business-class airfare on any international flights, or first-class airfare on any domestic flights, he takes when
travelling in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder. 

3.6.INDEMNIFICATION. Both during the Term of
Employment and for a period of two years thereafter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Company may not change or amend the indemnification provisions in its governing documents if such change or amendment reduces the Companys
indemnification available to Executive; provided, however, that the Company may effectuate any such change or amendment if the Company agrees to enter into a separate agreement with Executive to provide Executive with the same level of
indemnification as in effect prior to such change or amendment. 

4.POLICIES AND PRACTICES. Executive agrees to abide by all rules,
regulations, policies, practices and procedures of the Company and the Company Affiliates (as amended from time to time), of which he shall be given notice by the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all compensation shall be
subject to any forfeiture or clawback policy established by the Company or the Board generally for senior executives from time to time and any other such policy required by applicable law. 

5.RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. In order to protect the business interests and goodwill of the Company and the
Company Affiliates, Executive covenants and agrees that: 

5.1. during the Term of Employment and, in the event Executives
employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, also the during the Restricted Non-CompetePeriod, Executive shall not, either on Executives own account or
for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, be employed by, involved in or with or engaged in or with, in any way (including, without limitation, as an employee, officer, director, contractor, consultant, member, trustee,
partner, shareholder, lender or owner), any Competitor operating within the Restricted Geography with respect to the Restricted Business; 

5.2. during the Term of Employment and during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, Executive
shall not, either on Executives own account or for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, (i) canvass, solicit, approach or seek out or cause to be canvassed, solicited, approached or sought out any Customer for
orders or instructions in relation to the Restricted Business or any Competitor; (ii) induce any Customer to cease, reduce or otherwise limit or interfere with any Customers business with the Company or any Company Affiliate or adversely
vary the terms upon which any Customers business is conducted with the Company or with any Company Affiliate; or (iii) do business with or for any Customer in relation to the Restricted Business; 

5.3. during the Term of Employment and during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, Executive
shall not, either on Executives own account or for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or endeavor to entice away any Company Employee; (ii) induce or attempt to induce any Company Employee to
breach any contract of employment with the Company (or any Company Affiliate) or to terminate the Company Employees employment relationship with the Company of any Company Affiliate; (iii) induce or attempt to induce any Company Employee
to do anything which Executive is restricted from doing under the terms of this Agreement or (iv) recruit, hire or employ or aid others to recruit, hire or employ any Company Employee; provided that any subsequent employer of Executive
shall not be prohibited, during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, from making general solicitations for employment or from engaging search or recruiting firms that are not instructed to target Company
Employees, or from hiring any individual responding to such general solicitations or search or recruiting firms; and 

5.4. during
the Term of Employment and after the Termination Date, Executive shall not make any disparaging, untrue, negative, derogatory or defamatory remarks concerning the Company (or any Company Affiliate) or its (or their respective) officers, managers,
members, partners, equityholders, directors, or employees, reputations, or business practices at any time. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this provision is intended to prevent or inhibit lawful competition, the provision of truthful testimony as
required by court order or other legal process, or participating in good faith in any investigation by an administrative agency or governmental agency. 

Executive covenants and agrees that the terms of this Paragraph 5 are fair, reasonable in scope given the
highly competitive and global business in which the Company and the Company Affiliates are engaged and given Executives high-level role within the Company and Company Affiliates, and necessary to protect the Companys and the Company
Affiliates legitimate interests, including, without limitation, the protection of Confidential Information, relationships with and investments in Customers, goodwill and the training and education provided to employees. Executive further
acknowledges that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement with Executive or provided the consideration herein without Executives agreement to the obligations in this Agreement, specifically including the obligations in this
Paragraph 5. Executive further covenants and agrees that the geographic, length of term and types of activities restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and the
Company Affiliates because of the scope of the Companys and the Company Affiliates businesses. 

Executive agrees that if any
one or more of the terms, provisions, covenants or restrictions in this Paragraph 5 shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
and restrictions in this Paragraph 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and that any such court ruling shall not affect the enforcement of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
Executive further agrees that if any one or more of the terms, provisions, covenants or restrictions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessively broad as to duration,
geographical scope, activity or subject matter, it shall be reformed and revised to the extent necessary to protect the applicable legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Affiliates, or otherwise construed and enforced to the
maximum extent compatible with applicable law. 

Executive acknowledges that the offer of employment by the Company, or any other
consideration offered for signing this Agreement, is sufficient consideration for Executives agreement to the restrictive covenants set forth in this Paragraph 5, and that each Company Affiliate is an intended third-party beneficiary of such
covenants with a separate and independent right to enforce the same. Executive agrees that Executives signing of an employment agreement containing the restrictive covenants set forth herein was a condition precedent to Executives
continued employment with the Company. 

6.NONDISCLOSURE AND NONUSE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Executive
covenants and agrees during the Term of Employment and after the Termination Date, not to communicate or divulge to any Person, either directly or indirectly, and to hold in strict confidence for the benefit of the Company, all Confidential
Information except that Executive may disclose such Confidential Information to a Person who needs to know such Confidential Information during the course and within the scope of Executives employment. Executive will not use any Confidential
Information for any purpose or for Executives personal benefit other than in the course and within the scope of Executives employment. Executive agrees to sign and abide by the terms and conditions of the Companys Confidential
Information and Intellectual Property Protection Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix B and incorporated as though fully set forth herein. 

7.TERMINATION. The Term of Employment under this Agreement may
be terminated by either party with or without Cause or for any or no reason. Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, Executive shall and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned from any and all officer, director and other positions he then
holds with the Company and all Company Affiliates (and this Agreement shall act as notice of resignation by Executive without any further action required by Executive). Except as specifically provided in this Paragraph 7, all other rights Executive
may have to compensation and benefits from the Company or any Company Affiliate shall terminate immediately upon the Termination Date. Any termination of Executive by the Company shall be effective by vote of the majority of the Board (excluding
Executive). 

7.1.TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Executive may be terminated from employment by the Company with Cause. If
Executive is terminated with Cause, the Company may immediately terminate the employment of Executive and Executive shall only be entitled to his wages and benefits (excluding stock options and other equity awards) earned through the Termination
Date (the Accrued Obligations). For the avoidance of doubt, all vested and unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held by Executive on the Termination Date shall be forfeited on the Termination Date if Executive
is terminated from employment by the Company with Cause. Executive acknowledges that Executive has continuing obligations under this Agreement including, but not limited to Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7, if Executive is terminated with Cause. 

7.2.VOLUNTARY TERMINATION WITHOUT GOOD REASON. Upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Company, Executive
shall have the right to voluntarily terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason. Upon receipt of Executives notice of voluntary termination, the Company, at its sole discretion may elect to reduce the notice period and no such
action by the Company shall cause Executives termination to be a termination by the Company without Cause. In such event of Executives voluntary termination, Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations earned through the
Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, all unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held by Executive on the Termination Date shall be forfeited on the Termination Date if Executive terminates his employment hereunder without
Good Reason. 

7.3.TERMINATION DUE TO DEATH. In the event of Executives death during the Term of Employment,
Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated and Executives estate shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date. 

7.4.TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION FOR GOOD REASON OTHER THAN WITHIN 12 MONTHS AFTER A CHANGE OF CONTROL. The
Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause at any time and Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. If, during the Term of Employment, Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by
Executive for Good Reason (in either case, other than within 12 months after a Change of Control), Executive will be entitled to the following: 

(a) The Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date; 

(b) Six (6) months of Executives then current monthly base salary, as set forth in Schedule A, divided into equal
installments and paid on the Companys regular payroll dates over a period of six (6) months commencing with the first regular payroll date occurring on or after the date the Release described below becomes irrevocable and with the
remaining installments paid on succeeding regular payroll dates during such six (6) month period until paid in full (the payments under this Paragraph 7.4(b) being referred to in the aggregate as the Severance Payments); 

(c) A pro-rated portion of Executives annual performance-based cash bonus for the year in which
the Termination Date occurs, in an amount equal to (i) the target amount for such calendar year, multiplied by the percentage of the target amount actually achieved during such year, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of days of such year from January 1 of such year through the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such year, with such pro-rated bonus payment
payable as soon as reasonably practicable following the completion of the Companys year-end audit for such year (the payment under this Paragraph 7.4(c) being referred to as the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment); 

(d) In the event that the Company consummates a Change of Control
after, but within twelve (12) months of, the Termination Date, Executive will be entitled to receive a cash payment (the CoC Cash Bonus Amount) in the amount equal to the difference between (i) the number of
unvested and outstanding Accelerated Options (as defined below) on the Termination Date, multiplied by the fair market value of the consideration paid to one share of the Companys Common Stock in connection with such Change of
Control (as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion), minus (ii) the aggregate exercise price for all of the Accelerated Options. For purposes of this Section, the term Accelerated Options means
(x) all unvested and outstanding time-based Effective Date Stock Options under Sections 5(i) through 5(iv) of the Effective Date Stock Option Agreement and (y) all unvested and outstanding milestone-based Effective Date Stock Options that
would become vested upon the achievement of the next applicable and then-unvested Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold, under Sections 5(v) through 5(vii), as applicable, of the Effective Date Stock Option Agreement. Any CoC Cash Bonus Amount
payable to Executive hereunder shall be payable as soon as reasonably practicable following the consummation of the Change of Control. 

Executive further
acknowledges that Companys obligations under this Paragraph 7.4 are contingent upon and subject to Executives signing (and not revoking) an agreement and release of all claims against the Company in a form similar to the one attached
hereto as Appendix C (or such other form acceptable to the Company) (the Release), and the Release becoming effective in accordance with its terms prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. The Severance Payments will commence no later than thirty (30) days after the Release becomes effective (such commencement or payment date being
referred to as the Severance Commencement Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 60-day period following Executives termination ends in a calendar year after the year in which
Executives employment terminates, the Severance Commencement Date shall be no earlier than the first day of such later calendar year. 

For the avoidance of doubt, all unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held
by Executive on the Termination Date shall be forfeited on the Termination Date if Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason (in either case, other than on the date a Change of Control is
consummated or within 12 months after a Change of Control). 

7.5.TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION FOR GOOD REASON
WITHIN 12 MONTHS AFTER A CHANGE OF CONTROL. The Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause at any time and Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. If, during the Term of Employment, Executives
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason (in either case, on the date of the consummation of a Change of Control or within 12 months after a Change of Control), Executive will be entitled to the following
in lieu of the payments and benefits to which Executive would otherwise be entitled upon such termination in accordance with Paragraph 7.4: 

(a) The Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date; 

(b) The Severance Payments on the terms and conditions described in Paragraph 7.4(b); 

(c) The Pro-Rated Bonus Payment on the terms and conditions described in Paragraph 7.4(c); 

(d) Acceleration of the vesting and/or exercisability of all then-outstanding equity awards held by Executive in full, effective as of the
Termination Date; provided, however, that the vesting and exercisability of the Effective Date Stock Options shall be governed by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Effective Date Stock Option Agreement; and 

Executive further acknowledges that the Companys obligations under this Paragraph 7.5 are contingent upon and subject to
Executives signing (and not revoking) the Release, and such Release becoming effective in accordance with its terms prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will commence no later than thirty
(30) days after the Release becomes effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 60-day period following Executives termination ends in a calendar year after the year in which Executives
employment terminates, the Severance Payment Date shall be no earlier than the first day of such later calendar year. 

7.6.SEVERANCE POLICY. Executive shall not be eligible to participate in any generally-applicable severance policy maintained by the Company or any Company Affiliate (Severance Policy). 

7.7.VIOLATION OF RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. Without limiting the Companys remedies as set forth in Paragraph 5, upon
Executives breach of any restrictions set forth in Paragraph 5, the Company will have no obligation to continue to pay or provide any of the amounts or benefits under this Paragraph 7 other than the Accrued Obligations. 

7.8.SECTION 280G. If any payment or distribution by the Company to or
for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any other agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement or the lapse or
termination of any restriction on or the vesting or exercisability of any payment or benefit (each a Payment), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or to
any similar tax imposed by state or local law (such tax or taxes are hereafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax), then the aggregate amount of Payments payable to Executive shall be reduced to the aggregate amount of
Payments that may be made to Executive without incurring an excise tax (the Safe-Harbor Amount) in accordance with the immediately following sentence; provided that such reduction shall only be imposed if the aggregate after-tax value of the Payments retained by Executive (after giving effect to such reduction) is equal to or greater than the aggregate after-tax value (after giving effect to
the Excise Tax) of the Payments to Executive without any such reduction. Any such reduction shall be made in the following order: (i) first, any future cash payments (if any) shall be reduced (if necessary, to zero); (ii) second, any current
cash payments shall be reduced (if necessary, to zero); (iii) third, all non-cash payments (other than equity or equity derivative related payments) shall be reduced (if necessary, to zero); and
(iv) fourth, all equity or equity derivative payments shall be reduced. 

The determinations to be made with respect to this Paragraph shall be made
by the Companys independent accountants, which shall be paid by the Company for the services to be provided hereunder. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Paragraph, the accountants may make reasonable, good faith
interpretations concerning the application of Code Sections 280G and 4999 and make reasonable assumptions regarding Executives marginal tax rate in effect for such parachute payments, including the effect of the deductibility of state and
local taxes on such marginal tax rate. Executive and the Company shall furnish to accountants such information and documents as the accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Paragraph 

8.WITHHOLDING. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such income taxes it determines
may be appropriate. 

9.EQUITABLE RELIEF; FEES AND EXPENSES. Executive stipulates and agrees that any breach of this
Agreement by Executive will result in immediate and irreparable harm to the Company and the Company Affiliates, the amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain, and that the Company and the Company Affiliates could not be reasonably or
adequately compensated by damages in an action at law. For these reasons, the Company and the Company Affiliates shall have the right to seek such preliminary, temporary or permanent injunctions or restraining orders or decrees as may be necessary
to protect the Company or any Company Affiliate against, or on account of, any breach by Executive of the provisions of this Agreement without the need to post bond. Such right to equitable relief is in addition to all other legal remedies the
Company or any Company Affiliate may have to protect its rights. The prevailing party in any such action shall be responsible for reimbursing the non-prevailing party for all costs associated with obtaining
the relief, including reasonable attorneys fees, and expenses and costs of suit. Executive further covenants and agrees that any order of court or judgment obtained by the Company or any Company Affiliate which enforces the Companys or
any Company Affiliates rights under this Agreement may be transferred, without objection or 

opposition by Executive, to any court of law or other appropriate law enforcement body located in any other state in the United States or any other country in the world where the Company or any
Company Affiliate does business, and that said court or body shall give full force and effect to said order and or judgment. Executive agrees that the Company (and any Company Affiliate) may, in addition to pursuing any other remedies it or they may
have in law or in equity, cease making any payments otherwise required by this Agreement and seek the recoupment of any payments already made under this Agreement. 

10.DATA PROTECTION. In accordance with the prevailing data protection laws in force, the Executive hereby provides his consent
to the Company to collect, hold, record, process, use, disclose, share and transfer to third parties and Company Affiliates (whether within the United States or outside), personal data such as residence address, telephone number, photograph,
educational qualification, details of relatives, all employment related and compensation related information, government issued identification and related information (Personal Data) and any sensitive personal data or information
i.e. passwords, financial information, sexual orientation, physical / mental health condition, medical records or biometric information (SPDI), relating to the Executive held either electronically or manually, and / or collected
during the course of his employment or at the time of his appointment, for the purpose of the administration and management of its employees, its business and for compliance with applicable procedures, laws and regulations. Further, all Personal
Data and SPDI collected / provided by the Executive at the time of appointment or in the course of his employment with the Company, will be handled in accordance with the applicable laws and Companys policy in this regard. Further, the
Executive agrees to inform the Company of any change in his personal data and / or SPDI within 7 (seven) days of such change. 

11.EMPLOYMENT DISPUTE SETTLEMENT PROCEDURE-WAIVER OF RIGHTS. In consideration of the Company employing Executive and the wages and benefits provided under this Agreement, Executive, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand,
each agree that, in the event any party hereto (or such partys representatives, successors or assigns) brings an action in a court of competent jurisdiction relating to Executives recruitment, employment with, or termination of
employment from the Company, the plaintiff in such action agrees to waive his, her or its right to a trial by jury, and further agrees that no demand, request or motion will be made for trial by jury. 

In consideration of the Company employing Executive, and the wages and benefits provided under this Agreement, Executive further agrees that, in the event
that Executive seeks relief in a court of competent jurisdiction for a dispute covered by this Agreement, the Company may, at any time within sixty (60) days of the service of Executives complaint upon the Company, at its option, require
all or part of the dispute to be arbitrated by one arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Executive agrees that the option to arbitrate any dispute is governed by the
Federal Arbitration Act and is fully enforceable. Executive understands and agrees that, if the Company exercises its option, any dispute arbitrated will be heard solely by the arbitrator, and not by a court. The parties hereto agree that the
prevailing party shall be entitled to have all of its legal fees paid by the non-prevailing party. This pre-dispute resolution agreement will cover all matters directly
or indirectly related to Executives recruitment, employment or termination of employment by the Company; including, but not limited to, claims involving laws against any form of discrimination whether brought under federal and/or state law,
and/or claims involving co-employees, but excluding Workers Compensation Claims. 

THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL, AND TO A TRIAL BY JURY, IS OF VALUE. EXECUTIVE MAY WISH TO
CONSULT AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. IF SO, EXECUTIVE SHOULD TAKE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH HIM. HOWEVER, EXECUTIVE WILL NOT BE OFFERED EMPLOYMENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS AGREEMENT IS SIGNED AND RETURNED TO THE
COMPANY BY EXECUTIVE. 

12.AMENDMENTS. No supplement, modification, amendment or waiver of the terms of this
Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto unless executed in writing by the party to be bound thereby. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof
(whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. Any failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of
any such terms or conditions. 

13.ACKNOWLEDGMENTS OF EXECUTIVE. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that:
(a) this Agreement is necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Affiliates; (b) the restrictions contained in this Agreement may be enforced in a court of law whether or not Executive
is terminated with or without cause or for performance related reasons; (c) Executive has no intention of competing with the Company or the Company Affiliates within the limitations set forth above; (d) Executive has received adequate and
valuable consideration for entering into this Agreement; (e) Executives covenants shall be construed as independent of any other provision in this Agreement and the existence of any claim or cause of action Executive may have against the
Company or any Company Affiliate, whether predicated on this Agreement or not, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company or any Company Affiliate of these covenants; and (f) the execution and delivery of this Agreement is
a mandatory condition precedent to Executives receipt of the consideration provided herein. 

14.FULL
UNDERSTANDING. Executive acknowledges that Executive has been afforded the opportunity to seek legal counsel, that Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and that Executive, in
consideration for the compensation set forth herein, is voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

15.ENTIRE
AGREEMENT. This Agreement, along with the Confidential Information and Intellectual Property Protection Agreement and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements, written
or oral, between the Company and any Company Affiliate, on the one hand, and Executive, on the other hand, concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

16.SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect any 

other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been
contained herein. The restrictive covenants stated herein may be read as if separate and apart from this Agreement and shall survive the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason. 

17.PRIOR EMPLOYMENT; FUTURE EMPLOYMENT. Executive has disclosed any and all prior agreements which may limit in any way
Executives ability to work for or provide services to the Company and/or any Company Affiliate in any capacity. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not a party to or otherwise subject to or bound by the terms of any contract,
agreements or understandings that would affect Executives right or abilities to perform under this Agreement. Executive specifically represents that Executive will not use any confidential information obtained from Executives prior
employer(s) in the performance of Executives duties herein and is not subject to any other restrictive covenants or non-competition agreements 

18.CHOICE OF LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and
entered into in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania and that the law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania shall govern this Agreement, without regard to conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction and venue is exclusively limited in any proceeding by the
Company or any Company Affiliate or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder to any court or arbitrator geographically located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Executive hereby waives any objections to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts
in or for Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, including any objection to personal jurisdiction, venue, and/or forum non-conveniens, in any proceeding by the Company or any Company Affiliate to enforce its rights hereunder filed in or for Allegheny
County, Pennsylvania. Executive agrees not to object to any petition filed by the Company or any Company Affiliate to remove an action filed by Executive from a forum or court not located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania 

19.SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors,
permitted assigns, heirs and legal representatives of the parties hereto. The Company and each Company Affiliate shall each require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of its business and/or assets to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company or such Company Affiliate would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place, and
Executive agrees to be obligated by this Agreement to any successor, assign or surviving entity. As used in this Paragraph, the Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as
aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. Any successor to the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement. Executive may not assign any of his rights under this Agreement or
delegate any of his duties under this Agreement. 

20.NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands or other communications
by the terms hereof required or permitted to be given by one party to the other shall be given in writing by personal delivery or by registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such other party or delivered to such other party as follows: 

to the Company at: 1305 Cherrington Parkway, 

Building 210, 

Suite 400 

Moon Township, PA 15108 

Attention: Chairman of the Board 

to Executive at: Flat I 41, The Nest, Chaitanya Apts, 9, Ratna Nagar, Ganesapuram, Teynampet, Chennai 600018, India 

or at such other address as may be given by either of them to the other in writing from time to time, and such notices,
requests, demands, acceptances or other communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered or, if mailed, three (3) business days after the day of mailing thereof; provided that if any such notice, request, demand or
other communication shall have been mailed and if regular mail service shall be interrupted by strikes or other irregularities, such notices, requests, demands or other communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered or, if
mailed, three (3) business days from the day of the resumption of normal mail service. 

21.CONTINUED ASSISTANCE IN
LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. The Executive shall upon reasonable notice, furnish such information that the Executive may be privy to and render such assistance and cooperation to the Company as it may reasonably require in connection with
any litigation or other proceedings in which it is, or may become, a party either during the Executives employment or thereafter, such litigation or proceedings having arisen out of any matter to which the Executive has been privy to. 

22.SECTION 409A COMPLIANCE. The following rules shall apply, to the extent necessary, with respect to
distribution of the payments and benefits, if any, to be provided to Executive under this Agreement. Subject to the provisions in this Paragraph, the severance payments and benefits payable pursuant to Paragraph 7.4 or 7.5 of this Agreement that
constitute nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A) shall begin only upon the date of
Executives separation from service (determined as set forth below) which occurs on or after the date of Executives termination of employment. 

22.1. This Agreement is intended to be exempt from or to comply with Code Section 409A (to the extent applicable) and the parties
hereto agree to interpret, apply and administer this Agreement in the least restrictive manner necessary to comply therewith or be exempt therefrom and without resulting in any increase in the amounts owed hereunder by the Company. 

22.2. It is intended that each installment of the Severance Payments, the CoC Cash Bonus Amount, the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment and benefits provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Neither Executive nor the Company shall have the right to
accelerate or defer the delivery of any such payments or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A. 

22.3. If, as of the date of Executives separation from service from
the Company, Executive is not a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A), then each installment of the Severance Payments, CoC Cash Bonus Amount, the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment and
benefits shall be made on the dates and terms set forth in this Agreement. 

22.4. In the event that Executive is a specified
employee (within the meaning of Section 409A) (a Specified Employee), amounts and benefits that are nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) that would otherwise be payable or
provided under Paragraph 7.4 or 7.5 during the six-month period immediately following Executives separation from service shall instead be paid, without interest, on the first payroll date of
the Company after the earlier of (i) the date of Executives death and (ii) the date that is six months following Executives separation from service.

22.5. The determination of whether and when Executives separation from service from the Company has occurred shall be made in a
manner consistent with, and based on the presumptions set forth in, Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). Solely for purposes of this Paragraph 20, the Company shall include all
persons with whom the Company would be considered a single employer as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(3).

22.6. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or
provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent that such reimbursements or in-kind benefits are subject to Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirements that
(i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during Executives lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during a calendar year may not affect the
expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the
right to reimbursement is not subject to set off or liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

22.7. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Company shall have no liability to Executive or to any other Person if the payments and benefits provided in this Agreement that are intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A are not so exempt or
compliant. 

23.COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of multiple counterparts (including
by facsimile, .pdf, DocuSign or other similar electronic transmission), each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which shall constitute one agreement, binding on all parties hereto. 

24.HEADINGS. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered in
construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

25.DRAFTER PROVISION. Each party hereto agrees that he or it has
had the opportunity to review and negotiate this Agreement, and that any inconsistency or dispute related to the interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed against any party hereto. 

26.SURVIVORSHIP. The respective rights and obligations of the parties
hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement hereunder for any reason to the extent necessary to the intended provision of such rights and the intended performance of such obligations. 

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set Executives hand and each of the
Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY:

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC

By: 

/s/ Nirav Patel

Name: Nirav Patel

Its: President and CEO

INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, I hereby set my hand below: 

EXECUTIVE:

By: 

/s/ Kannan Sugantharaman

Kannan Sugantharaman

Dated: March 31, 2025

Effective Date: April 14, 2025 

Schedule A 

This Schedule A is issued pursuant to that certain Executive Employment Agreement, made as of March 31, 2025 (the Agreement),
by and between Mastech Digital, Inc. (Company), and Kannan Sugantharaman (Executive). This Schedule A is incorporated into and shall be governed by the terms and conditions of, the Agreement. 

This Schedule A is effective as of the Effective Date and is intended to replace any previously issued Schedule A issued pursuant to the
Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Schedule A shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

1. Base
Salary: 75 Lakhs per year, commencing as of the Effective Date, payable in USD at the prevailing exchange rate and in twelve equal monthly installments in accordance with the Companys payroll policies. 

2. Bonus: Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive will be entitled to an annual performance-based cash bonus of 33 Lakhs, payable in USD at the
prevailing exchange rate for the achievement of certain financial and operational targets. These targets, and the bonus dollars tied to such targets, will be determined and communicated to Executive by the Board on an annual basis. The targets for
the 2025 calendar year shall not be determined prior to the sixtieth (60th) following the Effective Date. Should Executive or, to the extent applicable, the Company fail to achieve the target
amount for the performance measures set by the Board, Executives annual performance-based bonus, if any, shall be based upon the Boards evaluation of the percentage of the target amount achieved during the year. Conversely, should
Executive or, to the extent applicable, the Company, exceed the target amount for the performance measures set by the Board, Executives annual performance-based bonus may exceed the bonus amount stated above, based upon the Boards
evaluation of the percentage of the over-achievement of such target amount(s). 

All bonuses will be paid following the completion of the Companys year-end audit and shall be conditioned upon Executives continuous employment with the Company through such date of payment. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, if Executive is not
employed by the Company on the date of the applicable bonus payment, whether due to the Company terminating Executives employment with or without Cause or Executive terminating his employment with or without Good Reason, Executive will not be
eligible for such bonus. 

[Signature page follows.] 

COMPANY:

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Nirav Patel

Name: Nirav Patel

Its: President and CEO

EXECUTIVE:

By: 

/s/ Kannan Sugantharaman

Kannan Sugantharaman

Dated: March 31, 2025

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

UNDER THE 

MASTECH
DIGITAL, INC. STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

(as amended and restated effective May 14, 2024) 

(the Plan) 

This Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of the date
set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Grant Date), by and between Mastech Digital, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (the Corporation), and the person named on Schedule A hereto (the
Optionee). 

WHEREAS, the Optionee is an employee of the Corporation and entered into that certain Executive Employment
Agreement, effective as of April [__], 2025, by and between the Corporation and the Optionee (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Employment Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Corporation is granting the Optionee an option to purchase shares of common
stock of the Corporation (the Common Stock) on the terms set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree that as of the Grant Date, the Corporation hereby grants the Optionee an option to purchase from it, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, in this Agreement and in Schedule A hereto,
that number of shares of the authorized and unissued Common Stock of the Corporation as is set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Option). 

Terms of Stock Option. The Option to purchase Common Stock granted hereby is subject to the terms, conditions, and covenants set forth
in the Plan, in Schedule A hereto and the following: 

a) 

This Option shall constitute a Non-Qualified Stock Option which is not
intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 

b) 

The per share exercise price for the shares subject to this Option is set forth on Schedule A hereto;

c) 

No portion of this Option may be exercised more thanten (10) years from the Grant Date; and

d) 

This Option is conditioned upon the Employment Agreement remaining in full force and effect on the Grant Date
and the Term of Employment (as defined in the Employment Agreement) having commenced. 

Payment of Exercise Price.
This Option may be exercised, in part or in whole, only by written request to the Corporation accompanied by payment of the exercise price in full either (i) in cash for the shares with respect to which it is exercised; (ii) by delivering
to the Corporation a notice of exercise with an irrevocable direction to a broker-dealer registered under the Act to sell a sufficient portion of the shares and deliver the sale proceeds directly to the Corporation to pay the exercise price; or
(iii) by delivering shares of Common Stock or a combination of shares and cash having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) equal to the exercise price of the shares being purchased; provided, 

however, that shares of Common Stock delivered by the Optionee may be accepted as full or partial payment of the exercise price for any exercise of the Option hereunder only if the shares
have been held by the Optionee for at least six (6) months. To the extent required by the Corporation, the Optionee shall also tender at the time of exercise cash equal to the amount of federal and state withholding taxes due in connection with
such exercise. 

Miscellaneous. 

a) 

This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives,
successors and assigns. 

b) 

This Agreement will be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, and may be executed in more than one counterpart, each of which shall constitute an original document. 

c) 

No alterations, amendments, changes or additions to this agreement will be binding upon either the Corporation
or the Optionee unless reduced to writing and signed by both parties. 

d) 

The Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan as presently in effect. All of the terms and conditions
of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference (including but not limited to capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein) and this Option is subject to such terms and conditions in all respects, except as expressly modified in this Agreement
and/or in Schedule A hereto. 

e) 

This Agreement, Schedule A hereto and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior written or oral agreements. 

In witness whereof, the
parties have executed this Agreement as of the Grant Date. 

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

By: 

Nirav Patel

OPTIONEE

Kannan Sugantharaman

Schedule A 

1. 

Optionee: Kannan Sugantharaman 

2. 

Grant Date: [April 14], 2025 

3. 

Number of Shares of Common Stock covered by the Option: 150,000 

4. 

Exercise Price: [INSERT EXERCISE PRICE] 

5. 

Subject to the condition set forth in subsection (c) of the section of the Agreement entitled Terms
of Stock Option, the Option shall become vested and exercisable in accordance with the following schedule provided that the Optionee remains in continuous employment with the Corporation through each such vesting date: 

(i) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to 18,750 shares on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(ii) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 18,750 shares on the two-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(iii) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 18,750 shares on the three-year
anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(iv) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 18,750 shares on the four-year
anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(v) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 37,500 shares on the first date
during the Optionees Term of Employment that the Quarterly Average Market Capitalization (as defined below) of the Corporation is greater than $300,000,000 (the First Tier Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold);

(vi) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 18,750 shares on the first date
during the Optionees Term of Employment that the Quarterly Average Market Capitalization of the Corporation is greater than $450,000,000 (the Second Tier Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold); 

(vii) 

The Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to an additional 18,750 shares on the first date
during the Optionees Term of Employment that the Quarterly Average Market Capitalization of the Corporation is greater than $600,000,000 (together with the First Tier Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold and the Second Tier Market
Capitalization Vesting Threshold, the Market Capitalization Vesting Thresholds); 

provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 5: 

(w) 

in the event the Optionees employment with the Corporation is terminated by the Corporation with Cause
(as defined in the Employment Agreement) pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Employment Agreement, then this Option, including any vested or unvested portion at the time of such termination, shall be forfeited on such termination date without
further action of the Corporation or the Optionee; 

(x) 

in the event the Optionees employment with the Corporation is terminated by the Optionee without Good
Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Employment Agreement, or due to the Optionees death pursuant to Section 7.3 of the Employment Agreement, or by the Corporation without Cause or by the
Optionee for Good Reason (other than on the date of the consummation of a Change of Control or within 12 months following a Change of Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement)) pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Employment Agreement, then
this Option, to the extent unvested at the time of such termination, shall be forfeited on such termination date without further action of the Corporation or the Optionee; 

(y) 

in the event the Optionees employment with the Corporation is terminated by the Corporation without Cause
or by the Optionee for Good Reason (other than on the date of the consummation of a Change of Control or within 12 months following a Change of Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement)) pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Employment
Agreement, then: 

a. 

if the Termination Date is prior to the one-year anniversary of the
Grant Date, then a pro rata portion of the Option covered by Section 5(i) of this Agreement, to the extent unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination, shall become vested and exercisable on such termination,
with such pro rata portion equal to the product of (i) 18,750 and (ii) the number of days after the Grant Date that Optionee was employed by the Corporation, divided by 365; 

b. 

if the Termination Date is after the one-year anniversary of the Grant
Date but prior to the second-year anniversary of the Grant Date, then a pro rata portion of the Option covered by Section 5(ii) of this Agreement, to the extent unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination,
shall become vested and exercisable on such termination, with such pro rata portion equal to the product of (i) 18,750 and (ii) the number of days after the first anniversary of the Grant Date that Optionee was employed by the Corporation,
divided by 365; 

c. 

if the Termination Date is after the second-year anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the third-year
anniversary of the Grant Date, then a pro rata portion of the Option covered by Section 5(iii) of this Agreement, to the extent unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination, shall become vested and exercisable
on such termination, with such pro rata portion equal to the product of (i) 18,750 and (ii) the number of days after the second anniversary of the Grant Date that Optionee was employed by the Corporation, divided by 365;

d. 

if the Termination Date is after the third-year anniversary of the Grant Date but prior to the fourth-year
anniversary of the Grant Date, then a pro rata portion of the Option covered by Section 5(iv) of this Agreement, to the extent unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination, shall become vested and exercisable on
such termination, with such pro rata portion equal to the product of (i) 18,750 and (ii) the number of days after the third anniversary of the Grant Date that Optionee was employed by the Corporation, divided by 365; and

(z) 

in the event the Optionees employment with the Corporation is terminated by the Corporation without Cause
or by the Optionee for Good Reason (in either case on the date of the consummation of a Change of Control or within 12 months following a Change of Control) pursuant to Section 7.5 of the Employment Agreement, then (I) the portion of the
Option covered by Sections 5(i) through 5(iv) of this Agreement, to the extent unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination and (II) the portion of the Option unvested and outstanding at the time of such termination
that would become vested upon the achievement of the next applicable Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold covered by Sections 5(v) through 5(vii) of this Agreement, as applicable, shall each become vested and exercisable on such
termination date; and 

(aa) 

in the event of the consummation of a Change of Control whereby Executives employment is not terminated
in connection with such Change of Control, then the portion of the Option covered by Sections 5(i) through 5(iv) of this Agreement that is then unvested and outstanding at the time of such Change of Control and that would have vested
as of the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of consummation of such Change of Control shall become vested and exercisable on the date of consummation of such Change of Control. 

For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly set forth in Section 5(z)(II) above, in the event the Optionees employment
with the Corporation is terminated for any reason prior to the date that the applicable Market Capitalization Vesting Threshold is achieved, then the portion of the Option covered by Section 5(v),
Section 5(vi) or Section 5(vii) of this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be forfeited on the date the Optionees employment with the Corporation is terminated without further action of the
Corporation or the Optionee. 

For purposes of this Section 5: 

(a) 

Daily Market Capitalization Amount means, as of a particular date, the VWAP of the Common
Stock on such date, multiplied by the aggregate of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on such date; 

(b) 

Quarterly Average Market Capitalization means, for a particular calendar quarter, the
aggregate Daily Market Capitalization Amounts for all Trading Days during such calendar quarter, divided by the number of Trading Days during such calendar quarter; 

(c) 

Trading Day means a day on which the NYSE American or another established stock exchange or
national market system on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the shares of Common Stock are not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE American or another established
stock exchange or national market system, a business day; and 

(d) 

VWAP means, for any particular date, the per share price determined by the first of the
following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the NYSE American or another established stock exchange or national market system, the daily volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock for
such date on the NYSE American or such other established stock exchange or national market system as reported by, or based upon data reported by, Bloomberg Financial Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service selected by the Corporation,
or (b) in all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. 

6. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the last day on which the vested portion of the Option may be
exercised is the earliest of: 

(i) 

the ten (10)-year anniversary of the Grant Date; 

(ii) 

the date on which the Optionee becomes an officer, director, employee or consultant of a Competing
Business (as defined in the Plan); 

(ii) 

three (3) months after the Optionees termination of employment with the Corporation other than a
termination by the Corporation for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) or due to Disability or retirement (each as defined in the Plan); or 

(iv) 

one (1) year following the Optionees death or his termination of employment with the Corporation due
to Disability or retirement (each as defined in the Plan). 

For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Optionees
employment with the Corporation is terminated by the Corporation with Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Employment Agreement, then this Option, whether vested or unvested at the time of such
termination, shall be forfeited on such termination date without further action of the Corporation or the Optionee. 

Initials of Authorized Officer of

MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

Optionees Initials

Appendix B 

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

PROTECTION AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement is made and entered into to be effective as of the date set forth below, by and between Mastech Digital, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation, (hereinafter called the Company) and the undersigned employee _______________________,
(hereinafter called Employee). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Employee has been or will be employed by the Company in a capacity such that, in the performance of Employees duties, Employee
may acquire Confidential Information or Trade Secrets (as those terms are defined below) relating to the Companys business (or that of its joint ventures, affiliated companies or its clients) and Employee may develop copyrightable works,
inventions or improvements relating to the Companys products and business (or that of its affiliated companies or joint ventures); and 

WHEREAS, it is the understanding between the Company and Employee that the Company shall have certain rights in such Confidential Information,
Trade Secrets, copyrightable works, inventions and improvements; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Companys agreement to
employ Employee and the fees paid to Employee by the Company during Employees employment by the Company, Employee agrees as follows: 

Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that each of the copyrightable works authored by Employee (including, without limitation, all software
and related documentation and all web site designs), alone or with others, during Employees employment by the Company shall be deemed to have been to be works prepared by Employee within the scope of Employees employment by the Company
and, as such, shall be deemed to be works made for hire under the United States copyright laws from the inception of creation of such works. In the event that any of such works shall be deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction not to
be a work made for hire, this Agreement shall operate as an irrevocable assignment by Employee to the Company of all right, title and interest in and to such works, including, without limitation, all worldwide copyright interests
therein, in perpetuity. The fact that such copyrightable works are created by Employee outside of the Companys facilities or other than during Employees working hours with the Company shall not diminish the Companys rights with
respect to such works which otherwise fall within this paragraph. Employee agrees to execute and deliver to the Company such further instruments or documents as may be requested by the Company in order to effectuate the purposes of this paragraph 1.

Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company all inventions or improvements made or conceived by Employee, solely or with
others, during Employees employment by the Company and, where the subject matter of such inventions or improvements results from or is suggested by any work which Employee may do for or on behalf of the Company or relates in any way to the
Companys products or business (or that of its affiliated companies or joint ventures), the Company shall have all rights to such inventions and improvements, whether they are patentable or not. The fact that such inventions and improvements
are made or conceived by Employee outside of the Companys facilities or other than during Employees working hours with the Company shall not diminish the Companys rights with respect to such inventions or improvements which
otherwise fall within this paragraph 2. 

The Company shall have no rights pursuant to this Agreement in any invention of Employee
made during the term of Employees employment by the Company if such invention has not arisen out of or by reason of Employees work with the Company or does not relate to the products, business or operations of the Company or of its
affiliated companies or joint ventures, although Employee shall nonetheless inform the Company of any such invention. 

At the request of
the Company, either during or after termination of Employees employment by the Company, Employee shall execute or join in executing all papers or documents required for the filing of patent applications in the United States and such foreign
countries as the Company may elect, and Employee shall assign all such patent applications to the Company or its nominee, and shall provide the Company or its agents or attorneys with all reasonable assistance in the preparation and prosecution of
patent applications, drawings, specifications and the like, all at the expense of the Company, and shall do all that may be necessary to establish, protect and maintain the rights of the Company or its nominee in the inventions, patent applications
and Letters Patent in accordance with the spirit of this Agreement. 

Employee shall treat as confidential all Trade Secrets and
Confidential Information belonging to the Company (or information belonging to third parties to which the Company shall owe an obligation of secrecy) which is disclosed to Employee, which Employee may acquire or develop or which Employee may observe
in the course of Employees employment by the Company and which at the time of disclosure is not previously known by Employee and not known or used by others in the trade generally, and Employee shall not disclose, publish or otherwise use,
either during or after termination of Employees employment by the Company, any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information
means the whole or any portion or phase of any data or information relating to the Companys services, products, processes or techniques relating to its business or that of any of the Companys clients, whether or not copyrighted, patented
or patentable. As used in this Agreement, Trade Secret means any useful process, machine or other device or composition of matter which is new and which is being used or studied by the Company and is not described in a patent or
described in any literature already published and distributed externally by the Company; the source code or algorithms of any software developed or owned by the Company; any formula, plan, tool, machine, process or method employed by the Company,
whether patentable or not, which is not generally known to others; business plans and marketing concepts of the Company; marketing or sales information of the Company; financial information or projections regarding the Company or potential
acquisition candidates of the Company; financial, pricing and/or credit information regarding clients or vendors of the Company; a listing of names, addresses or telephone numbers of customers or clients of the Company; internal corporate policies
and procedures of the Company; and any other information falling under the definition of a Trade Secret pursuant to the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (or, if applicable, the version thereof adopted by Pennsylvania). 

Upon termination of employment with Company for any reason, Employee shall promptly deliver to Company the originals and copies of all
correspondence, drawings, manuals, computer related or generated information, letters, notes, notebooks, reports, prospect lists, customer lists, flow charts, programs, proposals, and any documents concerning Companys business, Customers or
suppliers and, without limiting the foregoing, will promptly deliver to Company any and all other documents or materials containing or constituting Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. Employee agrees to maintain the integrity of all stored
computer information and agrees not to alter, damage or destroy said computer information before returning it to Company. 

Employee shall keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Trade Secrets
and Confidential Information made by Employee (solely or jointly with others) during the term of employment (Records). The Records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings,
laboratory notebooks and any other format. The Records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. Employee shall not remove such Records from the Companys place of business except as expressly permitted by
the Company. 

This Agreement shall in no way alter, or be construed to alter, the terms and conditions of any Employment Agreement entered
into by Employee with the Company. The Company may utilize any portion of Employees Employment Agreement to enforce the terms and conditions set forth herein and remedy any violation of this Agreement. The Company has the exclusive right to
assign this Agreement. 

The parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and entered into in Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania and that the Law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania shall govern this Agreement, without regard to conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction and venue is exclusively limited in any proceeding by the Company or Employee to enforce their
rights hereunder to any court geographically located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. The Employee hereby waives any objections to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts in or for Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, including any objection to
personal jurisdiction, venue, and/or forum non-conveniens, in any proceeding by the Company to enforce its rights hereunder filed in or for Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Employee agrees not to object to any
petition filed by the Company to remove an action filed by Employee from a forum or court not located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. 

I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT I AM VOLUNTARILY ENTERING
INTO THIS AGREEMENT. I UNDERSTAND THAT I AM REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT AS A CONDITION OF MY EMPLOYMENT. 

EMPLOYEE:

Signature

Date: 

Appendix C 

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

WHEREAS, Mastech Digital, Inc. (Company) employed _________ (Executive); and 

WHEREAS, Company and Executive wish to resolve any and all matters between them relating to Executives employment and termination from
employment; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual undertakings set forth below, this Confidential Separation Agreement and
General Release (Release) will resolve, finally and completely, any and all possible claims and disputes between Company and Executive arising from such employment and the termination of that employment and, accordingly, Company and
Executive, each intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Executives employment with the Company terminated
_______________ (the Termination Date). 

2. (a) Except as provided in Paragraph 2(b) below, Executive shall have no further
right to any salary or Executive benefits provided by the Company or any other Executive benefit plans of the Company. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Release and the payments under this Release do not extend Executives service or
increase any amounts due him under the benefit plans of the Company. 

(b) In exchange for execution of this Release within thirty days
following the Termination Date, the Company will: 

(1) pay to Executive ______________________, less withholdings and deductions
required by law. This amount will be paid by Company to Executive pursuant to the terms of Executives Employment Agreement effective ____________, such amount payable in the event of a termination of Executives employment other than for
cause, on the dates and in the form specified in the Employment Agreement, specifically in ___ equal installments of ______, less required withholding and deductions. The payments will commence with the first regular payroll date
occurring on or after the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives termination date, together with a catch-up payment consisting of the installments
that otherwise would have been paid on the regular payroll dates occurring between the termination date and such initial payment date, and the remaining installments paid on succeeding regular payroll dates during such Severance Period until paid in
full. Executive agrees and acknowledges that he is not entitled to payment of any severance pay under the Companys generally applicable severance pay policy (Severance Policy). To the extent the payments to be received by Executive
during the first six (6) months after termination of employment, together with all other taxable payments received during that six (6)-month period (determined under Internal Revenue Code 409A and including the payments under this
Agreement if required), exceeds the maximum amount permitted to be paid to a specified employee under Internal Revenue Code 409A, the excess payments shall be aggregated and paid instead in a single lump sum on the first business
day after the end of the six (6)-month period; 

(2) Continued coverage under Companys Executive benefit plans (other than 401(k) or
pension benefit coverage) after termination of employment for Executive and his eligible dependents, as and when provided under the Severance Policy, and subject to the payment of applicable premiums or other costs, all in accordance with the terms
of the Severance Policy and the applicable benefit plans (including, without limitation, cessation of such benefits due to receiving similar benefit coverage from a new Company); 

(3) Following the cessation of coverage under the Companys group health (medical, dental, vision) plans under (3) above, Executive
shall be entitled to continue his coverage and coverage for any eligible qualified beneficiary under Companys group health plans in accordance with and for as long as required under the federal COBRA requirements (subject to
payment of the applicable cost for such coverage as may be required by Company in accordance with COBRA). Any period of post-termination coverage under (3) above shall not be considered as part of the COBRA continued coverage period; and 

(4) For any period COBRA coverage under Companys group health plans is in effect for Executive and/or Executives qualified
beneficiaries during the first six (6) months after Executives termination of employment, Executive shall receive a monthly payment at the same time as the payments set forth in subparagraph (1), above, less appropriate withholding,
pursuant to the Companys regular schedule and payroll practices, in an amount equal to the excess of the Executives cost for COBRA coverage over the cost Executive would have paid for group health plan coverage as an active Executive of
the Company. 

Company and Executive agree and acknowledge that the foregoing amounts and benefits exceed any payments to which Executive
might otherwise be entitled under existing Company policies or practices in the absence of execution of this Release. 

(c) Included as
part of Executives final salary payment is a lump sum payment equal to the amount of accrued and unused vacation that Executive is entitled to receive under the Companys existing policies. Upon the termination of his employment,
Executive will receive payment for accrued and unused vacation and personal days regardless of execution of the Release. 

3. This Release
shall not constitute or be construed as an admission of any liability or wrongdoing by the Company. Executive expressly understands and agrees that by entering into this Release, Company in no way is admitting to having violated any of
Executives rights or to having violated any of the duties or obligations owed Executive or to having engaged in any conduct in violation of the law. Company, in fact, affirmatively states that it treated Executive in full accord with the law
at all times. Further, Executive understands and agrees that the Company will not be obligated in any way to provide him with future employment and Executive agrees not to seek any such employment or reemployment. 

4. Executive, on behalf of himself, his heirs, representatives, estates, dependents,
executors, administrators, successors and assigns, hereby voluntarily, expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally releases and forever discharges the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, related companies, predecessors, affiliates, successors and
assigns, and its and their respective benefits plans, and their past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, administrators, agents, attorneys, employees, and representatives, as well as the heirs, successors or assigns of any of such
persons or such entities (severally and collectively called Releasees), jointly and individually, from any and all manner of suits, actions, causes of action, demands, damages and claims, known and unknown, that Executive has or ever had
or which he may have against any of the Releasees for any acts, practices or events up to and including the date he executes this Release, and the continuing effects thereof, it being the intention of Executive to effect a general release of all
such claims. By executing this Release, Executive understands that he is releasing any and all claims under any possible legal, equitable, contract, tort or statutory theory, including but not limited to: (i) any and all claims arising from or
relating to Executives employment with the Company and/or his termination from employment with the Company including, but not limited to, any and all claims for breach of the Companys policies, rules, regulations, or handbooks or for
breach of express or implied contracts or express or implied covenants of good faith, and any and all claims for wrongful discharge, defamation, slander, invasion of privacy, violation of public policy, retaliation, intentional or negligent
infliction of emotional distress or any other personal injury; (ii) any and all claims for back pay, front pay, or for any kind of compensatory, special or consequential damages, punitive or liquidated damages, attorneys fees, costs,
disbursements or expenses of any kind whatsoever; (iii) any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local constitutions, laws, rules, regulations or common law prohibiting employment discrimination based upon age, race, color, sex,
religion, handicap or disability, national origin or any other protected category or characteristic, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pennsylvania Human Rights Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act,
Section 1981, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and/or under any other federal, state, or local human rights, civil rights, or employment discrimination statutes, ordinances, rules or
regulations; and (iv) any and all other claims of any kind whatsoever that Executive has or may have against Releasees up to and including the Date he executes this Release. Notwithstanding anything in this Release to the contrary, Executive is
not waiving any rights that, under the law, cannot be waived (including any rights to challenge the validity of this Release). 

5.
Executive specifically releases all Releasees from any and all claims or causes of action for the fees, costs, expenses and interest of any and all attorneys who have at any time or are now representing Executive in connection with this Release
and/or in connection with any matters released in this Release. 

6. Executive acknowledges that he has been given the opportunity to consider this Release
for at least twenty-one (21) days, which is a reasonable period of time, and that he has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release. Executive further acknowledges that he has
had a full and fair opportunity to confer with an attorney, that he has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of the Release, and that he has executed it of his own free will, act and deed without coercion and with knowledge of
the nature and consequences thereof. If Executive executes this Release in less than twenty-one (21) days, he acknowledges that he has thereby waived his right to the full
twenty-one (21) day period. For a period of seven (7) calendar days following the execution of this Release, Executive may revoke this Release by delivery of a written notice revoking the same within
that seven (7) day period to the Company at Mastech Digital, Inc., 1000 Commerce Drive, Suite 500, Pittsburgh, PA 15275, Attention: Jenna Ford Lacey. This Release shall not become effective or enforceable until said seven (7) day
revocation period has expired. The date of expiration of such revocation period is referred to herein as the Effective Date. Company shall have no obligation to pay any sums under paragraph 2(b) of this Release until eight (8) days after
receipt of a fully executed copy of the Release. 

7. Executive acknowledges that he was provided with, received, used and was exposed to
confidential proprietary information and trade secrets relating to the Company (hereinafter referred to as Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information). Executive agrees that the Company has a substantial business interest in the
protection of its Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information from disclosure and/or misuse and that the Company has a substantial business interest in the covenants set forth below. Executive, therefore, covenants and agrees that he shall not,
without the written consent of a duly authorized executive officer of the Company, directly or indirectly use, disclose or disseminate to any other person, organization or entity or otherwise employ any Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information
of the Company for so long as the pertinent information or documentation remain Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information; provided, however, that for purposes of this Release, Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information shall not include any
information known generally to the public (other than as a result of unauthorized disclosure by Executive) or any information of a type not otherwise considered confidential by persons engaged in the same business or a business similar to that
conducted by the Company. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the ascertainment of damages in the event of his breach or violation of the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 7 of this Release would be difficult, if not impossible, and
further that the various rights and duties created hereunder are extraordinary and unique so that upon breach by Executive of the duties and obligations provided hereunder, the Company will suffer irreparable injury for which it will have no
meaningful remedy in law. Executive therefore agrees that, in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in order to enforce the provisions hereof. 

8. Executive hereby confirms that he has returned to the Company all Company-issued credit cards and keys as well as computers, computer
software, files, manuals, letters, notes, records, drawings, notebooks, reports and any other documents and tangible items owned by the Company or which Executive obtained, prepared or acquired while he was employed with the Company or used or
maintained in connection with conducting business for or on behalf of the Company, expressly including documents and tangible items containing confidential information about the Company, whether maintained at Executives office, his home or any
other location. Such information includes information in all forms, including electronic form. Executive will not disclose or make any further use, directly or indirectly, of any such Company information. 

9. Executive agrees and acknowledges that there are no outstanding expense reimbursements
due to him. 

10. a. Except as otherwise required by law, Executive agrees to refrain from directly or indirectly engaging in publicity or
any other action or activity which reflects adversely upon Company, its Board, officers, Executives, agents and business, including any successor or affiliate. 

b. Except as otherwise required by law, Executive agrees to keep confidential and not disclose the terms of this Release to any person, with
the exception of his spouse, attorneys or tax professionals consulted by Executive to understand he interpretation, application, or legal or financial effect of this Release or to implement any portion of it with those persons to pledge to strictly
maintain such confidentiality before Executive shares such information with them. 

11. If any of the provisions of this Release are
determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions and portions of this Release shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

12. Executive and Company agree that the language of all parts of this Release shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to the
fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. 

13. Executive and Company understand, covenant and agree that the terms and
conditions of this Release constitute the full and complete understandings, agreements and arrangements of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereto. Executive and Company understand, covenant and agree that the post-termination
obligations of Executives Executive Employment Agreement dated _______________, shall continue in full force and effect. Executive acknowledges that his Executive Employment Agreement provides that for one (1) year after Executives
termination with Company, Executive shall not: 

(a) directly or indirectly contact any Customer (as defined in the Executive Employment
Agreement) for the purpose of soliciting such Customer to purchase, lease or license a product or service that is the same as, similar to, or in competition with those products and/or services made, rendered, offered or under development by Company
or any Affiliate; 

(b) directly or indirectly employ, or knowingly permit any company or business directly or indirectly controlled by
Executive to employ any person who is employed by Company or any Affiliate at any time during the term of this Agreement, or in any manner facilitate the leaving of any such person from his or her employment with Company or any Affiliate; or 

(c) directly or indirectly interfere with or attempt to disrupt the relationship,
contractual or otherwise, between Company or any Affiliate and any of its employees or solicit, induce, or attempt to induce Executives of Company or any Affiliate to terminate employment with Company or Affiliate and become self-employed or
employed with others in the same or similar business or any product line or service provided by Company or any Affiliate.Any subsequent alteration in or variance from any term or condition of this Release shall be effective only if in
writing; or 

(d) directly or indirectly engage in any activity or business as a consultant, independent contractor, agent, employee,
officer, partner, director or otherwise, alone or in association with any other person, corporation or other entity, in any Competing Business operating within the United States or any other country where the Executive has worked and/or conducted
business for Company and its Affiliates within the one (1) year period prior to the termination of Executives employment. 

14.
This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania except as preempted by federal law. This Release shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. It shall not be construed against either party. 

15. Executive shall make no
assignment of any released claims, and he hereby warrants that no such assignment has been made. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
parties, having read this Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release, and intending to be legally bound thereby, have caused this Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release to be executed as of the date set forth below. 

AGREED: Dated: 

(Executive)

For Myself, My Heirs,
Personal Representatives and Assigns 

Witnessed by:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938577dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of March 31, 2025, by and among Mastech Digital
Private Limited (Company), and Kannan Sugantharaman (Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to
employ Executive, and Executive wishes to enter into the employ of the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a condition of Executives employment and is made in consideration for employment, wages and benefits offered
to Executive contemporaneously with this Agreement. 

NOW THEREFORE, for the consideration set forth herein, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are acknowledged by the parties, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 

1.
DEFINITIONS. 

1.1. Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person that, directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control with such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including the terms controlled by and
under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. 

1.2. Cause shall mean (i) Executives conviction of, or plea of guilty or
no contest to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or fraud; (ii) Executives willful conduct which constitutes personal dishonesty, incompetence, gross negligence or breach of fiduciary duty involving personal
profit, theft or deceit, which in each instance brings the Company or any Company Affiliate into public disgrace or disrepute and that is materially injurious to the business or reputation of the Company or any Company Affiliate; (iii) the
substantial or continued unwillingness of Executive to perform duties as reasonably directed by the Companys board of directors, provide that Executive has been given reasonable written notice and explanation by the Companys board of
directors of any such failure to perform and reasonable opportunity to cure such failure to perform, and no such cure has been effected within a reasonable time after notice; (iv) harassment of any kind, including sexual harassment, committed
against any person (including a third party) in the course of employment, at the Companys workplace, or during any online interaction through virtual means of communication. For this purpose, sexual harassment shall have the same
meaning as is ascribed to it under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013; (v) personal or professional details and information provided by the Executive to the Company at any time, having been
found to be untrue, fabricated, or deficient; (vi) Executives disqualification under any contractual obligations or under any applicable laws, regulatory orders, or professional regulations, to hold the Executives position at the
Company, or to attend, discharge or fulfil the duties and obligations assigned by the Company; (vii) any material breach by Executive of Paragraphs 5 or 6 of this Agreement, or Executives breach of obligations pursuant to the Confidential
Information and Intellectual Property Protection Agreement; or (viii) any facts, events or circumstances that would constitute Cause under any other written agreement between Executive, on the one hand, and the Company or any
Company Affiliate, on the other hand. 

1.3. Change of Controlshall mean (i) the consummation
of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction, involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a Business Combination), in each case, with respect to which all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial owners of the outstanding common stock immediately prior to such Business Combination do not, immediately following such Business Combination, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more
than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the
corporation resulting from such Business Combination; or (ii) the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than to a corporation with respect
to which, following such sale or disposition, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors is then owned beneficially, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such sale or
disposition. 

1.4. Company Affiliate(s) means any Affiliate of the Company. 

1.5. Company Employee(s) means any individual who is, as of the Termination Date, or was, within the three
(3) months prior to the Termination Date, a director, officer or employee of the Company or any Company Affiliate. 

1.6.
Competitor(s) means any undertaking, Person or entity engaged in, or about to become engaged in (as evidenced by announcements or contemporaneous written records), the Restricted Business, either in whole or substantially in part.

1.7. Confidential Information means and includes information which is confidential and proprietary to
the Company or Company Affiliate(s) and disclosed to or obtained by the Executive from the Company and / or such third parties, whether (without limitation) in graphic, written, electronic or machine readable form on any media or orally and whether
or not the information is expressly stated to be confidential or marked as such and includes, but is not limited to, information of value or significance to the Company or the Company Affiliate(s) such as: 

(i) 

intellectual property and trade secrets including information relating thereto or any part thereof;

(ii) 

data of past, present Customer / agent / licensee (whether in India or abroad) of the Company including their
names and the names of their directors, officers and employees and their respective addresses, sales figures, and sales conditions of Company; 

(iii) 

technological data used in conducting the business, including details as to the procedures and strategies, the
fees, discounts, commissions, and other credits of the Company; 

(iv) 

business data, including data relating to new products, projects, services, promotion campaigns, plans for
future development, pricing agreements and joint ventures in which the Company is involved; 

(v) 

all data in respect of executives of the Company i.e., details of compensation including but not limited to
employee stock options, performance-based incentives and benefits and commission; 

(vi) 

research and development data relating to the business; 

(vii) 

financial data, in particular, concerning budgets, the fees and revenue calculations, costs, financial
statements, costing, profits, profit margins, profit expectations and inventories of the Company; 

(viii) 

information received by the Company from third parties under obligation of confidentiality;

(ix) 

any information derived from any of the above; or 

(x) 

any copies of the abovementioned information; 

but does not include information that is part of public knowledge prior to or after the time of the disclosure (provided it was not made available to the
public as result of a prohibited disclosure). 

1.8. Customer(s) shall mean any individual, corporation,
partnership, business or other entity, whether for-profit or not-for-profit (i) whose existence and business is or should
reasonably be known to Executive as a result of Executives access to the Companys and Company Affiliates business information, Confidential Information, customer lists or customer account information; (ii) that is a business
entity or individual with whom the Company or any Company Affiliate has contracted or negotiated during Executives employment (or following Executives termination of employment, during the one (1) year period preceding such
termination); or (iii) who is or becomes a prospective client, customer or acquisition candidate of the Company or any Company Affiliate during the period of Executives employment. 

1.9. Good Reason shall mean, without the written consent of Executive, (i) a material diminution of
Executives job responsibilities, Executives reporting relationship to the Companys board of directors, or Executive no longer holding the title of Chief Operations Officer of the Company; or (B) Executives
responsibilities, as a result of such Change of Control or corporate transaction, become that of executive-level management of a business unit, division, subsidiary or other Affiliate of the acquiring or surviving company or one of its Affiliates;
(ii) a reduction in Executives fixed salary or failure to pay Executive any compensation or benefits to which Executive is entitled within ten (10) days of the due date, unless any such reduction is part

of and proportionate to a reduction in fixed compensation for all similarly-situated employees of the Company in general, which reduction has been authorized by a majority of the Board;
(iii) an uncured material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company; and (iv) the insolvency or filing (by any party, including the Company) of a petition for bankruptcy of the Company
and (v) the Company requiring Executive to be based at any place outside of Chennai, India, except for reasonably required travel on the Companys business;. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist, and
Executive shall not be permitted to terminate employment for Good Reason, unless and until (x) Executive has provided written notice of termination detailing the specific grounds purportedly giving rise to the basis for Good Reason (or, for
purposes of clause (iii), the purported material breach of this Agreement or other applicable agreement) not later than sixty (60) days after the time at which the event or condition purportedly giving rise to the basis for Good Reason first
occurs or arises; and (y) the Company has had thirty (30) days from the date of such written notice to cure such event or condition, as determined by Company in its reasonable and good-faith discretion. 

1.10. Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or governmental authority. 

1.11. Restricted Business means the business of offering data and analytics solutions and information technology
staffing services for both digital and mainstream technologies, digital engineering services, artificial intelligence services and generative artificial intelligence services, along with any business which provides, engages in, produces or sells and
products or services which are the same or substantially similar to the products and services provided, produced or sold by the Company or any Company Affiliate during the Term of Employment. 

1.12. Restricted Geography means India. 

1.13. Restricted Non-Compete Period means the period of twelve
(12) months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, that If Executive violates the provisions of Paragraph 5, the Restricted Non-Compete Period shall be extended by that number of
days which equals the aggregate of all days during which at any time any such violations occurred. 

1.14. Restricted Non-Solicitation Period means the period of twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, that If Executive violates the provisions of Paragraph 5, the
Restricted Non-Solicitation Period shall be extended by that number of days which equals the aggregate of all days during which at any time any such violations occurred. 

1.15. Termination Date means the date Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason.

2. EMPLOYMENT. 

2.1.TERM OF EMPLOYMENT. Executives employment under this Agreement shall commence on a date to be mutually agreed
by the parties, but in no event later than April 15, 2025 (such date, as set forth on the signature page hereto, the Effective Date) and shall continue until the date that is the fourth-year anniversary of the Effective Date
(unless terminated as provided under Paragraph 7), provided that thereafter this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one year, unless Executive or the Company shall give the other party not less than sixty
(60) days written notice of non-renewal (the Term of Employment). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive continued employment by the
Company for any specified or intended term is not guaranteed, and that his employment and this Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time, subject to applicable notice period being complied with. 

2.2TITLES AND DUTIES. Subject to the terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement, during the Term of
Employment, Executive shall be employed as the Chief Operations Officer of the Company and in such other positions with the Company and any one or more India Company Affiliates (for no additional compensation) as may be determined by the
Companys board of directors or its designee from time to time. Executive shall report in such capacity to the Companys Chief Executive Officer. Except as otherwise agreed to in advance, and in writing, by the Company, all services
performed by the Executive under this Agreement shall be performed outside the United States. Executive agrees to perform Executives duties in a diligent, trustworthy, loyal, businesslike, productive, and efficient manner and to use
Executives reasonable best efforts to advance the business and goodwill of the Company. Executive further agrees to devote all of Executives business time, skill, energy and attention exclusively to the business of the Company, and to
comply with all rules, regulations and procedures of the Company. During the Term of Employment, Executive will not engage in any other business for Executives own account or accept any employment from any other business entity or Person,
serve on any board of directors or trustees of any other Person or render any services, give any advice or serve in a consulting capacity, whether gratuitously or otherwise, to or for any other Person, without the prior written approval of the Chief
Executive Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. In addition to Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, Executive may be required to perform services for Mastech Digital, Inc.,
a separate but affiliated entity of the Company. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any services performed for Mastech Digital, Inc. shall be governed by a separate and distinct employment agreement and the agreements shall be considered
independent and severable contracts. The terms, conditions, rights, and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not apply to Executives employment with Mastech Digital. Any compensation, benefits, or other remuneration provided to
Executive for services performed for Mastech Digital, Inc. shall be separate and distinct from the compensation and benefits provided under this Agreement. 

3. COMPENSATION AND OTHER BENEFITS.

3.1. Executives compensation as of the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule A hereto. Said compensation is subject to
being reviewed annually by the Companys board of directors. Any changes to compensation will be set forth in a revised Schedule A. It is clarified that all payments made to the Executive shall be subject to deduction of tax at source
and social 

security contribution, as applicable from time to time under the laws of India. It is further clarified that the responsibility for making the requisite income tax filings and responding to any
queries and questions from the Indian tax authorities shall vest solely with the Executive, and the Company will not be responsible for any tax filings in respect of the Executives income in India or elsewhere. 

3.2.ANNUAL BONUS. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual performance bonus,
subject to the attainment of annual performance goals as determined by the Companys board of directors. Executives annual target bonus shall be set forth on the most recently issued Schedule A. 

3.3.BENEFIT PLANS. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in and be covered on the
same basis as other executives of the Company, under all employee benefit plans and programs maintained by the Company at any time or from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Companys applicable benefit plans and policies, which
are controlling. 

3.4.EXPENSES. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all
properly documented expenses reasonably related to Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys standard policies and practices as in effect from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt,
under the terms of the Companys travel policy (as currently in effect), Executive is eligible to be reimbursed for the cost of business-class airfare on any international flights, or first-class airfare on any domestic flights, he takes when
travelling in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder. 

3.5.INDEMNIFICATION. Both during the Term of
Employment and for a period of two years thereafter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Company may not change or amend the indemnification provisions in its governing documents if such change or amendment reduces the Companys
indemnification available to Executive; provided, however, that the Company may effectuate any such change or amendment if the Company agrees to enter into a separate agreement with Executive to provide Executive with the same level of
indemnification as in effect prior to such change or amendment. 

4.POLICIES AND PRACTICES. Executive agrees to abide
by all rules, regulations, policies, practices and procedures of the Company (as amended from time to time), of which he shall be given notice by the Company. The Executive will be eligible for leaves which shall be in accordance with the
Companys policy in this regard, as may be amended from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all compensation shall be subject to any forfeiture or clawback policy established by the Company or the Board generally for
senior executives from time to time and any other such policy required by applicable law. 

5.RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. In order to protect the
business interests and goodwill of the Company and the Company Affiliates, Executive covenants and agrees that: 

5.1. during the
Term of Employment and, in the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, also the during the Restricted Non-CompetePeriod, Executive
shall not, either on Executives own account or for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, be employed by, involved in or with or engaged in or with, in any way (including, without limitation, as an employee, officer,
director, contractor, consultant, member, trustee, partner, shareholder, lender or owner), any Competitor operating within the Restricted Geography with respect to the Restricted Business; 

5.2. during the Term of Employment and during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, Executive
shall not, either on Executives own account or for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, (i) canvass, solicit, approach or seek out or cause to be canvassed, solicited, approached or sought out any Customer for
orders or instructions in relation to the Restricted Business or any Competitor; (ii) induce any Customer to cease, reduce or otherwise limit or interfere with any Customers business with the Company or any Company Affiliate or adversely
vary the terms upon which any Customers business is conducted with the Company or with any Company Affiliate; or (iii) do business with or for any Customer in relation to the Restricted Business; 

5.3. during the Term of Employment and during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, Executive
shall not, either on Executives own account or for or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or endeavor to entice away any Company Employee; (ii) induce or attempt to induce any Company Employee to
breach any contract of employment with the Company (or any Company Affiliate) or to terminate the Company Employees employment relationship with the Company of any Company Affiliate; (iii) induce or attempt to induce any Company Employee
to do anything which Executive is restricted from doing under the terms of this Agreement or (iv) recruit, hire or employ or aid others to recruit, hire or employ any Company Employee; provided that any subsequent employer of Executive
shall not be prohibited, during the Restricted Non-Solicitation Period, from making general solicitations for employment or from engaging search or recruiting firms that are not instructed to target Company
Employees, or from hiring any individual responding to such general solicitations or search or recruiting firms; and 

5.4. during
the Term of Employment and after the Termination Date, Executive shall not make any disparaging, untrue, negative, derogatory or defamatory remarks concerning the Company (or any Company Affiliate) or its (or their respective) officers, managers,
members, partners, equityholders, directors, or employees, reputations, or business practices at any time. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this provision is intended to prevent or inhibit lawful competition, the provision of truthful testimony as
required by court order or other legal process, or participating in good faith in any investigation by an administrative agency or governmental agency. 

Executive covenants and agrees that the terms of this Paragraph 5 are fair, reasonable in scope given the highly competitive and global business in which the
Company and the Company Affiliates are engaged and given Executives high-level role within the Company and Company Affiliates, and necessary to protect the Companys and the Company Affiliates legitimate interests, including,
without limitation, the protection of Confidential Information, relationships with and investments in Customers, goodwill and the training and education provided to employees. Executive further acknowledges that the Company would not have entered
into this Agreement with Executive or provided the consideration herein without Executives agreement to the obligations in this Agreement, specifically including the obligations in this Paragraph 5. Executive further covenants and agrees that
the geographic, length of term and types of activities restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Affiliates because of the scope of the
Companys and the Company Affiliates businesses. 

Executive agrees that if any one or more of the terms, provisions, covenants or restrictions
in this Paragraph 5 shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions in this Paragraph 5 shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and that any such court ruling shall not affect the enforcement of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. Executive further agrees that if any one or more of the terms,
provisions, covenants or restrictions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject matter, it shall be reformed
and revised to the extent necessary to protect the applicable legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Affiliates, or otherwise construed and enforced to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law. 

Executive acknowledges that the offer of employment by the Company, or any other consideration offered for signing this Agreement, is
sufficient consideration for Executives agreement to the restrictive covenants set forth in this Paragraph 5, and that each Company Affiliate is an intended third-party beneficiary of such covenants with a separate and independent right to
enforce the same. Executive agrees that Executives signing of an employment agreement containing the restrictive covenants set forth herein was a condition precedent to Executives continued employment with the Company. 

6.NONDISCLOSURE AND NONUSE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Executive covenants and agrees during the Term of
Employment and after the Termination Date, not to communicate or divulge to any Person, either directly or indirectly, and to hold in strict confidence for the benefit of the Company, all Confidential Information except that Executive may disclose
such Confidential Information to a Person who needs to know such Confidential Information during the course and within the scope of Executives employment. Executive will not use any Confidential Information for any purpose or for
Executives personal benefit other than in the course and within the scope of Executives employment. Executive agrees to sign and abide by the terms and conditions of the Companys Confidential Information and Intellectual Property
Protection Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix B and incorporated as though fully set forth herein. 

7.TERMINATION. The Term of Employment under this Agreement may be terminated by either party with or without
Cause or for any or no reason. Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, Executive shall and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned from any and all officer, director and other positions he then holds with the Company and all Company
Affiliates (and this Agreement shall act as notice of resignation by Executive without any further action required by Executive). Except as specifically provided in this Paragraph 7, all other rights Executive may have to compensation and benefits
from the Company or any Company Affiliate shall terminate immediately upon the Termination Date. Any termination of Executive by the Company shall be effective by vote of the majority of the Board (excluding Executive). 

7.1.TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Executive may be terminated from employment
by the Company with Cause. If Executive is terminated with Cause, the Company may immediately terminate the employment of Executive and Executive shall only be entitled to his wages and benefits (excluding stock options and other equity awards)
earned through the Termination Date (the Accrued Obligations). For the avoidance of doubt, all vested and unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held by Executive on the Termination Date shall be forfeited on the
Termination Date if Executive is terminated from employment by the Company with Cause. Executive acknowledges that Executive has continuing obligations under this Agreement including, but not limited to Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7, if Executive is
terminated with Cause. 

7.2.RESIGNATION WITHOUT GOOD REASON . Upon ninety (90) days prior written
notice to the Company, Executive shall have the right to resign from the Companys employment hereunder without Good Reason. The Company may at its sole discretion waive such notice requirement, partly or in full and shall pay to the Executive
his fixed salary for the notice period served and / or waived off, as the case maybe. However, if the Executive chooses to resign from the services of the Company and does not intend to serve the notice period provided herein, the Company may:
(i) deduct a sum equal to the fixed salary payable for the shortfall in the period of notice, from the full and final settlement amount payable to the Executive in accordance with this Employment Agreement and the applicable laws; and / or
(ii) exercise the right to initiate appropriate legal proceedings against the Executive for such contractual breach and seek relief as may be appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, all unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards
held by Executive on the Termination Date shall be forfeited on the Termination Date if Executive resigns from his employment hereunder without Good Reason. 

7.3.TERMINATION DUE TO DEATH. In the event of Executives death during the Term of Employment, Executives
employment hereunder shall be terminated and the Executives legal heirs / nominees shall be entitled to receive any Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date. 

7.4.TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION FOR GOOD REASON OTHER THAN WITHIN 12 MONTHS AFTER A CHANGE OF CONTROL. The
Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause at any time and Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. If, during the Term of Employment, Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by
Executive for Good Reason (in either case, other than within 12 months after a Change of Control), Executive will be entitled to the following: 

(a) The Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date; 

(b) Six (6) months of Executives then current monthly base salary, as set forth in Schedule A, divided into equal
installments and paid on the Companys regular payroll dates over a period of six (6) months commencing with the first regular payroll date occurring on or after the date the Release described below becomes irrevocable and with the
remaining installments paid on succeeding regular payroll dates during such six (6) month period until paid in full (the payments under this Paragraph 7.4(b) being referred to in the aggregate as the Severance Payments); 

(c) A pro-rated portion of Executives annual
performance-based cash bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, in an amount equal to (i) the target amount for such calendar year, multiplied by the percentage of the target amount actually achieved during such year,
multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days of such year from January 1 of such year through the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such year, with such pro-rated bonus payment payable as soon as reasonably practicable following the completion of the Companys year-end audit for such year (the payment under this Paragraph
7.4(c) being referred to as the Pro-Rated Bonus Payment); 

Executive further acknowledges that
Companys obligations under this Paragraph 7.4 are contingent upon and subject to Executives signing (and not revoking) an agreement and release of all claims against the Company in a form similar to the one attached hereto
as Appendix C (or such other form acceptable to the Company) (the Release), and the Release becoming effective in accordance with its terms prior to the sixtieth
(60th) day following the Termination Date. The Severance Payments will commence no later than thirty (30) days after the Release becomes effective (such commencement or payment date
being referred to as the Severance Commencement Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 60-day period following Executives termination ends in a calendar year after the year in
which Executives employment terminates, the Severance Commencement Date shall be no earlier than the first day of such later calendar year. 

For the avoidance of doubt, all unvested stock options and other unvested equity awards held by Executive on the Termination Date shall be
forfeited on the Termination Date if Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

7.5.TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION FOR GOOD REASON WITHIN 12 MONTHS AFTER A CHANGE OF CONTROL. The Company may
terminate Executives employment without Cause at any time and Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. If, during the Term of Employment, Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for
Good Reason (in either case, on the date of the consummation of a Change of Control or within 12 months after a Change of Control), Executive will be entitled to the following in lieu of the payments and benefits to which Executive would otherwise
be entitled upon such termination in accordance with Paragraph 7.4: 

(a) The Accrued Obligations earned through the Termination Date;

(b) The Severance Payments on the terms and conditions described in Paragraph 7.4(b); 

(c) The Pro-Rated Bonus Payment on the terms and
conditions described in Paragraph 7.4(c); 

Executive further acknowledges that the Companys obligations under this Paragraph 7.5 are contingent upon
and subject to Executives signing (and not revoking) the Release, and such Release becoming effective in accordance with its terms prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will commence no later
than thirty (30) days after the Release becomes effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 60-day period following Executives termination ends in a calendar year after the year in which
Executives employment terminates, the Severance Payment Date shall be no earlier than the first day of such later calendar year. 

7.6.SEVERANCE POLICY. Executive shall not be eligible to participate in any generally-applicable severance policy
maintained by the Company or any Company Affiliate (Severance Policy). 

7.7.VIOLATION OF RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS. Without limiting the Companys remedies as set forth in Paragraph 5, upon Executives breach of any restrictions set forth in Paragraph 5, the Company will have no obligation to continue to pay or provide any of the
amounts or benefits under this Paragraph 7 other than the Accrued Obligations. 

8.WITHHOLDING. The Company may
withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such income taxes it determines may be appropriate. 

9.EQUITABLE
RELIEF; FEES AND EXPENSES. Executive stipulates and agrees that any breach of this Agreement by Executive will result in immediate and irreparable harm to the Company and the Company Affiliates, the amount of which will be extremely
difficult to ascertain, and that the Company and the Company Affiliates could not be reasonably or adequately compensated by damages in an action at law. For these reasons, the Company and the Company Affiliates shall have the right to seek such
preliminary, temporary or permanent injunctions or restraining orders or decrees as may be necessary to protect the Company or any Company Affiliate against, or on account of, any breach by Executive of the provisions of this Agreement without the
need to post bond. Such right to equitable relief is in addition to all other legal remedies the Company or any Company Affiliate may have to protect its rights. The prevailing party in any such action shall be responsible for reimbursing the non-prevailing party for all costs associated with obtaining the relief, including reasonable attorneys fees, and expenses and costs of suit. Executive further covenants and agrees that any order of court or
judgment obtained by the Company or any Company Affiliate which enforces the Companys or any Company Affiliates rights under this Agreement may be transferred, without objection or opposition by Executive, to any court of law or other
appropriate law enforcement body located in any other state in the United States or any other country in the world where the Company or any Company Affiliate does business, and that said court or body shall give full force and effect to said order
and or judgment. Executive agrees that the Company (and any Company Affiliate) may, in addition to pursuing any other remedies it or they may have in law or in equity, cease making any payments otherwise required by this Agreement and seek the
recoupment of any payments already made under this Agreement. 

10.DATA PROTECTION: In accordance with the prevailing data protection laws in
force, the Executive hereby provides his consent to the Company to collect, hold, record, process, use, disclose, share and transfer to third parties and Company Affiliates (whether within India or outside), personal data such as residence address,
telephone number, photograph, educational qualification, details of relatives, all employment related and compensation related information, government issued identification and related information (Personal Data) and any sensitive
personal data or information i.e. passwords, financial information, sexual orientation, physical / mental health condition, medical records or biometric information (SPDI), relating to the Executive held either electronically or
manually, and / or collected during the course of his employment or at the time of his appointment, for the purpose of the administration and management of its employees, its business and for compliance with applicable procedures, laws and
regulations. Further, all Personal Data and SPDI collected / provided by the Executive at the time of appointment or in the course of his employment with the Company, will be handled in accordance with the applicable laws and Companys policy
in this regard. Further, the Executive agrees to intimate the Company of any change in his personal data and / or SPDI within 7 (seven) days of such change. 

11.AMENDMENTS. No supplement, modification, amendment or waiver of the terms of this Agreement shall be binding on the
parties hereto unless executed in writing by both the parties.. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver
constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. Any failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any such terms or conditions. 

12.ACKNOWLEDGMENTS OF EXECUTIVE. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (a) this Agreement is necessary for
the protection of the legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Affiliates; (b) the restrictions contained in this Agreement may be enforced in a court of law whether or not Executive is terminated with or without cause or
for performance related reasons; (c) Executive has no intention of competing with the Company or the Company Affiliates within the limitations set forth above; (d) Executive has received adequate and valuable consideration for entering
into this Agreement; (e) Executives covenants shall be construed as independent of any other provision in this Agreement and the existence of any claim or cause of action Executive may have against the Company or any Company Affiliate,
whether predicated on this Agreement or not, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company or any Company Affiliate of these covenants; and (f) the execution and delivery of this Agreement is a mandatory condition precedent
to Executives receipt of the consideration provided herein. 

13.FULL UNDERSTANDING. Executive acknowledges
that Executive has been afforded the opportunity to seek legal counsel, that Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and that Executive, in consideration for the compensation set forth herein, is
voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

14.ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, along with the Confidential
Information and Intellectual Property Protection Agreement and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between the Company and any Company Affiliate, on the
one hand, and Executive, on the other hand, concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

15.SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had
never been contained herein. The restrictive covenants stated herein may be read as if separate and apart from this Agreement and shall survive the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason. 

16.PRIOR EMPLOYMENT; FUTURE EMPLOYMENT. Executive has disclosed any and all prior agreements which may limit in any way
Executives ability to work for or provide services to the Company and/or any Company Affiliate in any capacity. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not a party to or otherwise subject to or bound by the terms of any contract,
agreements or understandings that would affect Executives right or abilities to perform under this Agreement. Executive specifically represents that Executive will not use any confidential information obtained from Executives prior
employer(s) in the performance of Executives duties herein and is not subject to any other restrictive covenants or non-competition agreements 

17.CHOICE OF LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE. The validity, construction and performance of this Employment Agreement shall
be governed by laws of India. This Employment Agreement shall subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts at Chennai, India. 

18.SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors,
permitted assigns, heirs and legal representatives of the parties hereto. The Company and each Company Affiliate shall each require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of its business and/or assets to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company or such Company Affiliate would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place, and
Executive agrees to be obligated by this Agreement to any successor, assign or surviving entity. As used in this Paragraph, the Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as
aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. Any successor to the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement. Executive may not assign any of his rights under this Agreement or
delegate any of his duties under this Agreement. 

19.NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands or other communications
by the terms hereof required or permitted to be given by one party to the other shall be given in writing by personal delivery or by registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such other party or delivered to such other party as follows: 

to the Company at: 3302 & 4301, 3rd Floor, 

Tower 3 & 4, 

Sector 132, 

Expressway NOIDA 

UP - 201301 

to Executive at: Flat I 41, The Nest, Chaitanya Apts, 9, Ratna Nagar, Ganesapuram, Teynampet, Chennai 600018, India 

or at such other address as may be given by either of them to the other in writing from time to time, and such notices,
requests, demands, acceptances or other communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered or, if mailed, three (3) business days after the day of mailing thereof; provided that if any such notice, request, demand or
other communication shall have been mailed and if regular mail service shall be interrupted by strikes or other irregularities, such notices, requests, demands or other communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered or, if
mailed, three (3) business days from the day of the resumption of normal mail service. 

20.CONTINUED ASSISTANCE IN
LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS: The Executive shall upon reasonable notice, furnish such information that the Executive may be privy to and render such assistance and cooperation to the Company as it may reasonably require in
connection with any litigation or other proceedings in which it is, or may become, a party either during the Executives employment or thereafter, such litigation or proceedings having arisen out of any matter to which the Executive has been
privy to. 

21.COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of multiple counterparts (including
by facsimile, .pdf, DocuSign or other similar electronic transmission), each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which shall constitute one agreement, binding on all parties hereto. 

22.HEADINGS. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered in
construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

23.DRAFTER PROVISION. Each party hereto agrees that he or it has
had the opportunity to review and negotiate this Agreement, and that any inconsistency or dispute related to the interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed against any party hereto. 

24.SURVIVORSHIP. The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this
Agreement hereunder for any reason to the extent necessary to the intended provision of such rights and the intended performance of such obligations. 

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set Executives hand and each of the
Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY:

MASTECH DIGITAL PRIVATE LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Nirav Patel

Name: Nirav Patel

Its: President and CEO

INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, I hereby set my hand below: 

EXECUTIVE:

By: 

/s/ Kannan Sugantharaman

Kannan Sugantharaman

Dated: March 31, 2025

Effective Date: April 14, 2025 

Schedule A 

This Schedule A is issued pursuant to that certain Executive Employment Agreement, made as of March 31, 2025 (the Agreement),
by and between Mastech Digital Private Limited (Company), and Kannan Sugantharaman (Executive). This Schedule A is incorporated into and shall be governed by the terms and conditions of, the Agreement.

This Schedule A is effective as of the Effective Date and is intended to replace any previously issued Schedule A issued pursuant to the
Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Schedule A shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

1. Fixed
Salary: 1.5 Cr INR per year, commencing as of the Effective Date, and payable in twelve equal monthly installments in accordance with the Companys payroll policies. 

2. Bonus: Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive will be entitled to an annual performance-based cash bonus of 67 Lakhs INR, for the achievement
of certain financial and operational targets. These targets, and the bonus dollars tied to such targets, will be determined and communicated to Executive by the Companys board of directors on an annual basis. The targets for the 2025 calendar
year shall not be determined prior to the sixtieth (60th) following the Effective Date. Should Executive or, to the extent applicable, the Company, fail to achieve the target amount for the
performance measures set by the Companys board of directors, Executives annual performance-based bonus, if any, shall be based upon the Companys board of directors evaluation of the percentage of the target amount achieved
during the year. Conversely, should Executive or, to the extent applicable, the Company, exceed the target amount for the performance measures set by the Companys board of directors, Executives annual performance-based bonus may exceed
the bonus amount stated above, based upon the Companys board of directors evaluation of the percentage of the over-achievement of such target amount(s). 

All bonuses will be paid following the completion of the Companys year-end audit and shall be conditioned upon
Executives continuous employment with the Company through such date of payment. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, if Executive is not employed by the Company on the date of the applicable bonus payment, whether due to
the Company terminating Executives employment with or without Cause or Executive terminating his employment with or without Good Reason, Executive will not be eligible for such bonus. 

[Signature page follows.] 

COMPANY:

MASTECH DIGITALPRIVATE LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Nirav Patel

Name: Nirav Patel

Designation: President and CEO

EXECUTIVE:

By: 

/s/ Kannan Sugantharaman

Kannan Sugantharaman

Dated: March 31, 2025

Appendix B 

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

PROTECTION AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement is made and entered into to be effective as of the date set forth below, by and between Mastech Digital Private Limited, an India corporation, (hereinafter called the Company) and the undersigned employee
_______________________, (hereinafter called Employee). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Employee has been or will be employed by the Company in a capacity such that, in the performance of Employees duties, Employee
may acquire Confidential Information or Trade Secrets (as those terms are defined below) relating to the Companys business (or that of its joint ventures, affiliated companies or its clients) and Employee may develop copyrightable works,
inventions or improvements relating to the Companys products and business (or that of its affiliated companies or joint ventures); and 

WHEREAS, it is the understanding between the Company and Employee that the Company shall have certain rights in such Confidential Information,
Trade Secrets, copyrightable works, inventions and improvements; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Companys agreement to
employ Employee and the fees paid to Employee by the Company during Employees employment by the Company, Employee agrees as follows: 

Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that each of the copyrightable works authored by Employee (including, without limitation, all software
and related documentation and all web site designs), alone or with others, during Employees employment by the Company shall be deemed to have been to be works prepared by Employee within the scope of Employees employment by the Company
and, as such, shall be deemed to be works made for hire under the United States copyright laws from the inception of creation of such works. In the event that any of such works shall be deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction not to
be a work made for hire, this Agreement shall operate as an irrevocable assignment by Employee to the Company of all right, title and interest in and to such works, including, without limitation, all worldwide copyright interests
therein, in perpetuity. The fact that such copyrightable works are created by Employee outside of the Companys facilities or other than during Employees working hours with the Company shall not diminish the Companys rights with
respect to such works which otherwise fall within this paragraph. Employee agrees to execute and deliver to the Company such further instruments or documents as may be requested by the Company in order to effectuate the purposes of this paragraph 1.

Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company all inventions or improvements made or conceived by Employee, solely or with
others, during Employees employment by the Company and, where the subject matter of such inventions or improvements results from or is suggested by any work which Employee may do for or on behalf of the Company or relates in any way to the
Companys products or business (or that of its affiliated companies or joint ventures), the Company shall have all rights to such inventions and improvements, whether they are patentable or not. The fact that such inventions and improvements
are made or conceived by Employee outside of the Companys facilities or other than during Employees working hours with the Company shall not diminish the Companys rights with respect to such inventions or improvements which
otherwise fall within this paragraph 2. 

The Company shall have no rights pursuant to this Agreement in any invention of Employee
made during the term of Employees employment by the Company if such invention has not arisen out of or by reason of Employees work with the Company or does not relate to the products, business or operations of the Company or of its
affiliated companies or joint ventures, although Employee shall nonetheless inform the Company of any such invention. 

At the request of
the Company, either during or after termination of Employees employment by the Company, Employee shall execute or join in executing all papers or documents required for the filing of patent applications in the United States and such foreign
countries as the Company may elect, and Employee shall assign all such patent applications to the Company or its nominee, and shall provide the Company or its agents or attorneys with all reasonable assistance in the preparation and prosecution of
patent applications, drawings, specifications and the like, all at the expense of the Company, and shall do all that may be necessary to establish, protect and maintain the rights of the Company or its nominee in the inventions, patent applications
and Letters Patent in accordance with the spirit of this Agreement. 

Employee shall treat as confidential all Trade Secrets and
Confidential Information belonging to the Company (or information belonging to third parties to which the Company shall owe an obligation of secrecy) which is disclosed to Employee, which Employee may acquire or develop or which Employee may observe
in the course of Employees employment by the Company and which at the time of disclosure is not previously known by Employee and not known or used by others in the trade generally, and Employee shall not disclose, publish or otherwise use,
either during or after termination of Employees employment by the Company, any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information
means the whole or any portion or phase of any data or information relating to the Companys services, products, processes or techniques relating to its business or that of any of the Companys clients, whether or not copyrighted, patented
or patentable. As used in this Agreement, Trade Secret means any useful process, machine or other device or composition of matter which is new and which is being used or studied by the Company and is not described in a patent or
described in any literature already published and distributed externally by the Company; the source code or algorithms of any software developed or owned by the Company; any formula, plan, tool, machine, process or method employed by the Company,
whether patentable or not, which is not generally known to others; business plans and marketing concepts of the Company; marketing or sales information of the Company; financial information or projections regarding the Company or potential
acquisition candidates of the Company; financial, pricing and/or credit information regarding clients or vendors of the Company; a listing of names, addresses or telephone numbers of customers or clients of the Company; internal corporate policies
and procedures of the Company; and any other information falling under the definition of a Trade Secret pursuant to the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (or, if applicable, the version thereof adopted by Pennsylvania). 

Upon termination of employment with Company for any reason, Employee shall promptly deliver to Company the originals and copies of all
correspondence, drawings, manuals, computer related or generated information, letters, notes, notebooks, reports, prospect lists, customer lists, flow charts, programs, proposals, and any documents concerning Companys business, Customers or
suppliers and, without limiting the foregoing, will promptly deliver to Company any and all other documents or materials containing or constituting Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. Employee agrees to maintain the integrity of all stored
computer information and agrees not to alter, damage or destroy said computer information before returning it to Company. 

Employee shall keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Trade Secrets
and Confidential Information made by Employee (solely or jointly with others) during the term of employment (Records). The Records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings,
laboratory notebooks and any other format. The Records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. Employee shall not remove such Records from the Companys place of business except as expressly permitted by
the Company. 

This Agreement shall in no way alter, or be construed to alter, the terms and conditions of any Employment Agreement entered
into by Employee with the Company. The Company may utilize any portion of Employees Employment Agreement to enforce the terms and conditions set forth herein and remedy any violation of this Agreement. The Company has the exclusive right to
assign this Agreement. 

I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT
I AM VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT. I UNDERSTAND THAT I AM REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT AS A CONDITION OF MY EMPLOYMENT. 

EMPLOYEE:

Signature

Date: 

Appendix C 

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

WHEREAS, Mastech Digital Private Limited (Company) employed _________ (Executive); and 

WHEREAS, Company and Executive wish to resolve any and all matters between them relating to Executives employment and termination from
employment; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual undertakings set forth below, this Confidential Separation Agreement and
General Release (Release) will resolve, finally and completely, any and all possible claims and disputes between Company and Executive arising from such employment and the termination of that employment and, accordingly, Company and
Executive, each intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Executives employment with the Company terminated
_______________ (the Termination Date). 

2. (a) Except as provided in Paragraph 2(b) below, Executive shall have no further
right to any salary or Executive benefits provided by the Company or any other Executive benefit plans of the Company. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Release and the payments under this Release do not extend Executives service or
increase any amounts due him under the benefit plans of the Company. 

(b) In exchange for execution of this Release within thirty days
following the Termination Date, the Company will: 

(1) pay to Executive ______________________, less withholdings and deductions
required by law. This amount will be paid by Company to Executive pursuant to the terms of Executives Employment Agreement effective ____________, such amount payable in the event of a termination of Executives employment other than for
cause, on the dates and in the form specified in the Employment Agreement, specifically in ___ equal installments of ______, less required withholding and deductions. The payments will commence with the first regular payroll date
occurring on or after the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives termination date, together with a catch-up payment consisting of the installments
that otherwise would have been paid on the regular payroll dates occurring between the termination date and such initial payment date, and the remaining installments paid on succeeding regular payroll dates during such Severance Period until paid in
full. Executive agrees and acknowledges that he is not entitled to payment of any severance pay under the Companys generally applicable severance pay policy (Severance Policy). To the extent the payments to be received by Executive
during the first six (6) months after termination of employment, together with all other taxable payments received during that six (6)-month period (determined under Internal Revenue Code 409A and including the payments under this
Agreement if required), exceeds the maximum amount permitted to be paid to a specified employee under Internal Revenue Code 409A, the excess payments shall be aggregated and paid instead in a single lump sum on the first business
day after the end of the six (6)-month period; 

(2) Continued coverage under Companys Executive benefit plans (other than 401(k) or
pension benefit coverage) after termination of employment for Executive and his eligible dependents, as and when provided under the Severance Policy, and subject to the payment of applicable premiums or other costs, all in accordance with the terms
of the Severance Policy and the applicable benefit plans (including, without limitation, cessation of such benefits due to receiving similar benefit coverage from a new Company); 

(3) Following the cessation of coverage under the Companys group health (medical, dental, vision) plans under (3) above, Executive
shall be entitled to continue his coverage and coverage for any eligible qualified beneficiary under Companys group health plans in accordance with and for as long as required under the federal COBRA requirements (subject to
payment of the applicable cost for such coverage as may be required by Company in accordance with COBRA). Any period of post-termination coverage under (3) above shall not be considered as part of the COBRA continued coverage period; and 

(4) For any period COBRA coverage under Companys group health plans is in effect for Executive and/or Executives qualified
beneficiaries during the first six (6) months after Executives termination of employment, Executive shall receive a monthly payment at the same time as the payments set forth in subparagraph (1), above, less appropriate withholding,
pursuant to the Companys regular schedule and payroll practices, in an amount equal to the excess of the Executives cost for COBRA coverage over the cost Executive would have paid for group health plan coverage as an active Executive of
the Company. 

Company and Executive agree and acknowledge that the foregoing amounts and benefits exceed any payments to which Executive
might otherwise be entitled under existing Company policies or practices in the absence of execution of this Release. 

(c) Included as
part of Executives final salary payment is a lump sum payment equal to the amount of accrued and unused vacation that Executive is entitled to receive under the Companys existing policies. Upon the termination of his employment,
Executive will receive payment for accrued and unused vacation and personal days regardless of execution of the Release. 

3. This Release
shall not constitute or be construed as an admission of any liability or wrongdoing by the Company. Executive expressly understands and agrees that by entering into this Release, Company in no way is admitting to having violated any of
Executives rights or to having violated any of the duties or obligations owed Executive or to having engaged in any conduct in violation of the law. Company, in fact, affirmatively states that it treated Executive in full accord with the law
at all times. Further, Executive understands and agrees that the Company will not be obligated in any way to provide him with future employment and Executive agrees not to seek any such employment or reemployment. 

4. Executive, on behalf of himself, his heirs, representatives, estates, dependents,
executors, administrators, successors and assigns, hereby voluntarily, expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally releases and forever discharges the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, related companies, predecessors, affiliates, successors and
assigns, and its and their respective benefits plans, and their past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, administrators, agents, attorneys, employees, and representatives, as well as the heirs, successors or assigns of any of such
persons or such entities (severally and collectively called Releasees), jointly and individually, from any and all manner of suits, actions, causes of action, demands, damages and claims, known and unknown, that Executive has or ever had
or which he may have against any of the Releasees for any acts, practices or events up to and including the date he executes this Release, and the continuing effects thereof, it being the intention of Executive to effect a general release of all
such claims. By executing this Release, Executive understands that he is releasing any and all claims under any possible legal, equitable, contract, tort or statutory theory, including but not limited to: (i) any and all claims arising from or
relating to Executives employment with the Company and/or his termination from employment with the Company including, but not limited to, any and all claims for breach of the Companys policies, rules, regulations, or handbooks or for
breach of express or implied contracts or express or implied covenants of good faith, and any and all claims for wrongful discharge, defamation, slander, invasion of privacy, violation of public policy, retaliation, intentional or negligent
infliction of emotional distress or any other personal injury; (ii) any and all claims for back pay, front pay, or for any kind of compensatory, special or consequential damages, punitive or liquidated damages, attorneys fees, costs,
disbursements or expenses of any kind whatsoever; (iii) any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local constitutions, laws, rules, regulations or common law prohibiting employment discrimination based upon age, race, color, sex,
religion, handicap or disability, national origin or any other protected category or characteristic, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pennsylvania Human Rights Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act,
Section 1981, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and/or under any other federal, state, or local human rights, civil rights, or employment discrimination statutes, ordinances, rules or
regulations; and (iv) any and all other claims of any kind whatsoever that Executive has or may have against Releasees up to and including the Date he executes this Release. Notwithstanding anything in this Release to the contrary, Executive is
not waiving any rights that, under the law, cannot be waived (including any rights to challenge the validity of this Release). 

5.
Executive specifically releases all Releasees from any and all claims or causes of action for the fees, costs, expenses and interest of any and all attorneys who have at any time or are now representing Executive in connection with this Release
and/or in connection with any matters released in this Release. 

6. Executive acknowledges that he has been given the opportunity to consider this Release
for at least twenty-one (21) days, which is a reasonable period of time, and that he has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release. Executive further acknowledges that he has
had a full and fair opportunity to confer with an attorney, that he has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of the Release, and that he has executed it of his own free will, act and deed without coercion and with knowledge of
the nature and consequences thereof. If Executive executes this Release in less than twenty-one (21) days, he acknowledges that he has thereby waived his right to the full
twenty-one (21) day period. For a period of seven (7) calendar days following the execution of this Release, Executive may revoke this Release by delivery of a written notice revoking the same within
that seven (7) day period to the Company. This Release shall not become effective or enforceable until said seven (7) day revocation period has expired. The date of expiration of such revocation period is referred to herein as the
Effective Date. Company shall have no obligation to pay any sums under paragraph 2(b) of this Release until eight (8) days after receipt of a fully executed copy of the Release. 

7. Executive acknowledges that he was provided with, received, used and was exposed to confidential proprietary information and trade secrets
relating to the Company (hereinafter referred to as Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information). Executive agrees that the Company has a substantial business interest in the protection of its Trade Secrets and/or Confidential
Information from disclosure and/or misuse and that the Company has a substantial business interest in the covenants set forth below. Executive, therefore, covenants and agrees that he shall not, without the written consent of a duly authorized
executive officer of the Company, directly or indirectly use, disclose or disseminate to any other person, organization or entity or otherwise employ any Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information of the Company for so long as the pertinent
information or documentation remain Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information; provided, however, that for purposes of this Release, Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information shall not include any information known generally to the public
(other than as a result of unauthorized disclosure by Executive) or any information of a type not otherwise considered confidential by persons engaged in the same business or a business similar to that conducted by the Company. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that the ascertainment of damages in the event of his breach or violation of the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 7 of this Release would be difficult, if not impossible, and further that the various rights and duties
created hereunder are extraordinary and unique so that upon breach by Executive of the duties and obligations provided hereunder, the Company will suffer irreparable injury for which it will have no meaningful remedy in law. Executive therefore
agrees that, in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in order to enforce the provisions hereof. 

8. Executive hereby confirms that he has returned to the Company all Company-issued credit cards and keys as well as computers, computer
software, files, manuals, letters, notes, records, drawings, notebooks, reports and any other documents and tangible items owned by the Company or which Executive obtained, prepared or acquired while he was employed with the Company or used or
maintained in connection with conducting business for or on behalf of the Company, expressly including documents and tangible items containing confidential information about the Company, whether maintained at Executives office, his home or any
other location. Such information includes information in all forms, including electronic form. Executive will not disclose or make any further use, directly or indirectly, of any such Company information. 

9. Executive agrees and acknowledges that there are no outstanding expense reimbursements
due to him. 

10. a. Except as otherwise required by law, Executive agrees to refrain from directly or indirectly engaging in publicity or
any other action or activity which reflects adversely upon Company, its Board, officers, Executives, agents and business, including any successor or affiliate. 

b. Except as otherwise required by law, Executive agrees to keep confidential and not disclose the terms of this Release to any person, with
the exception of his spouse, attorneys or tax professionals consulted by Executive to understand he interpretation, application, or legal or financial effect of this Release or to implement any portion of it with those persons to pledge to strictly
maintain such confidentiality before Executive shares such information with them. 

11. If any of the provisions of this Release are
determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions and portions of this Release shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

12. Executive and Company agree that the language of all parts of this Release shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to the
fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. 

13. Executive and Company understand, covenant and agree that the terms and
conditions of this Release constitute the full and complete understandings, agreements and arrangements of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereto. Executive and Company understand, covenant and agree that the post-termination
obligations of Executives Executive Employment Agreement dated _______________, shall continue in full force and effect. Executive acknowledges that his Executive Employment Agreement provides that for one (1) year after Executives
termination with Company, Executive shall not: 

(a) directly or indirectly contact any Customer (as defined in the Executive Employment
Agreement) for the purpose of soliciting such Customer to purchase, lease or license a product or service that is the same as, similar to, or in competition with those products and/or services made, rendered, offered or under development by Company
or any Affiliate; 

(b) directly or indirectly employ, or knowingly permit any company or business directly or indirectly controlled by
Executive to employ any person who is employed by Company or any Affiliate at any time during the term of this Agreement, or in any manner facilitate the leaving of any such person from his or her employment with Company or any Affiliate; or 

(c) directly or indirectly interfere with or attempt to disrupt the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between Company or any Affiliate
and any of its employees or solicit, induce, or attempt to induce Executives of Company or any Affiliate to terminate employment with Company or Affiliate and become self-employed or employed with others in the same or similar business or any
product line or service provided by Company or any Affiliate.Any subsequent alteration in or variance from any term or condition of this Release shall be effective only if in writing; or 

(d) directly or indirectly engage in any activity or business as a consultant, independent
contractor, agent, employee, officer, partner, director or otherwise, alone or in association with any other person, corporation or other entity, in any Competing Business operating within the United States or any other country where the Executive
has worked and/or conducted business for Company and its Affiliates within the one (1) year period prior to the termination of Executives employment. 

14. Executive shall make no assignment of any released claims, and he hereby warrants that no such assignment has been made. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties, having read this Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release, and intending to be
legally bound thereby, have caused this Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release to be executed as of the date set forth below. 

AGREED: Dated: 

(Executive)

For Myself, My Heirs,
Personal Representatives and Assigns 

Witnessed by:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mhh-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mhh-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mhh-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g938577dsp28.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001437226

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MASTECH DIGITAL, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code PA

Entity File Number 001-34099

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-2753540

Entity Address, Address Line One 1305 Cherrington Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Moon Township

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15108

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 787-2100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol MHH

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.mastech.com//20250331/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d938577d8k.htm 
mhh-20250331.xsd 
mhh-20250331_lab.xml 
mhh-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-073415-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d938577d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001437226 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

false 
0001437226 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
MASTECH DIGITAL, INC. 
PA 
001-34099 
26-2753540 
1305 Cherrington Parkway 
Suite 400 
Moon Township 
PA 
15108 
(412) 
787-2100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
MHH 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>