<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001474903-25-000018.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001474903-25-000018.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318170740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001474903-25-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BGSF, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				260656684
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36704
		FILM NUMBER:		25749414

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-692-2422

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BG Staffing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LTN Staffing, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?bgsf-20250312

0001474903FalseFY2025BGSF, INC.00014749032025-03-122025-03-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

March 12, 2025

BGSF, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-36704 26-0656684

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification

Number)

5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730

Plano, Texas75024

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(972) 692-2400

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock BGSF NYSE

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

On March 12, 2025, the Board of Directors of BGSF, Inc. (BGSF or the Company) approved the appointment of Keith Schroeder, age 69, as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, effective March 18, 2025 (the Commencement Date).

Mr. Schroeder brings over 40 years of experience in accounting, corporate control and reporting, finance, operations, and as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer strategic roles. Before joining the Company, Mr. Schroeder served as President and Chief Executive of Novipax Buyer, LLC in a carve-out transaction from December 2020 through September, 2024. Before this, Mr. Schroeder served as Chief Financial Officer of Novipax LLC from February 2019 to November 2020. Schroeder was also Chief Financial Officer and promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of Xcaliber International LTD, LLC from 2016 to 2018. Between 2002 and 2016, Mr. Schroeder served as Chief Financial Officer for Orchids Paper Products. Earlier in his career, he worked in the large accounting and finance organizations for Cummins Engine Company and Atlas Van Lines, Inc. Mr. Schroeder earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).

On March 12, 2025 (effective February 24, 2025), B G Staff Services, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement) with Mr. Schroeder. The Employment Agreement remains in effect through December 31, 2027, and then under successive one-year extensions unless written notice of non-renewal is given in accordance with the Employment Agreement. The initial annualized base salary will be $350,000 and will be raised to $375,000 effective on March 13, 2026, and to $400,000 effective on March 13, 2027. Mr. Schroeders annualized base salary may be evaluated by the Compensation Committee, but may not be less than the then effective base salary. Mr. Schroeder will receive an equity grant in the amount of $200,000, consisting of 50% stock options (with three year cliff vesting on March 13, 2028) and 50% restricted stock (with three year cliff vesting on March 13, 2028), in each case, subject to accelerated vesting upon a change of control and upon other specified events. 

Mr. Schroeder is eligible to receive an annual bonus based on the Company achieving certain adjusted EBITDA levels as reported in the Companys financial statements for the applicable fiscal year and set forth in the applicable variable pay plan. Moreover, if certain acquisitions occur during his employment period, and Mr. Schroeder is involved in the acquisition as described in the Employment Agreement, Mr. Schroeder will receive a bonus equal to 1% of the acquired companys adjusted EBITDA, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, for the first 12 months after the acquisitions closing date. The Compensation Committee may also grant discretionary bonuses, stock options, or restricted stock. Incentive-based compensation, payments, and benefits provided to Mr. Schroeder under the Employment Agreement will be subject to claw back under certain circumstances as described in the Employment Agreement.

In the event that Mr. Schroeders employment is terminated for any reason, he is eligible to receive his accrued but unpaid base salary, earned but unpaid acquisition bonus, and (if the termination is due to death, involuntary termination without cause, termination for good reason, or expiration of the employment period) earned but unpaid bonus for the preceding fiscal year and a prorated bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs (each as described in the Employment Agreement). In the event Mr. Schroeders employment is terminated without cause or for good reason, or as a result of the Companys non-renewal, Mr. Schroeder will also receive a severance amount equal to 12 months of base salary and an additional amount equal to COBRA premiums for 18 months, which severance amounts are contingent upon Mr. Schroeders execution and non-revocation of a separation and release agreement. Mr. Schroeder will also become fully vested in any outstanding equity awards, subject to the conditions specified in the Employment Agreement. 

In the event Mr. Schroeder is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Schroeder after a change of control within one year after such change of control, then the aforementioned severance amounts would be increased from 12 months to 18 months of base salary and Mr. Schroeder would become vested in any outstanding equity awards, subject to the execution and non-revocation of a separation and release agreement.

On March 12, 2025 (effective February 24, 2025), the Company and Mr. Schroeder have also entered into a confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-interference, and non-competition agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Schroeder generally agrees not to disclose our confidential information (as defined in the agreement) and, for a period of 18 months following his termination, not to solicit our client partners, interfere with our client partner or supplier relationships, or solicit our team members. Mr. Schroeder also agrees not to compete with us for a period of 12 months after termination of employment. 

On March 12, 2025, the Company also entered into an Indemnification Agreement with Mr. Schroeder. The Indemnification Agreement clarifies, and supplements indemnification provisions already contained in the Companys Bylaws and generally provides for indemnification of Mr. Schroeder to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to certain exceptions, against expenses, judgments, fines, and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with his service as an executive officer and also provides for rights to advancement of expenses.

There are no family relationships between Mr. Schroeder and any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer of the Company, no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Schroeder and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and no transactions between Mr. Schroeder and the Company that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Resignation of Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

On March 12, 2025, John Barnett resigned as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company and its subsidiaries, effective as of March 17, 2025. Mr. Barnetts resignation was part of the Companys leadership succession plan, and Mr. Barnett will continue to work for the Company in an advisory capacity through an undefined transition period.

The descriptions of the Employment Agreement and the Indemnification Agreement set forth in this Item 5.02 are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Form of Indemnification Agreement for director and executive officers of BGSF, Inc. (incorporated by reference from the registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2014)

10.2 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 (effective as of February 24, 2025), between B G Staff Services, Inc. and Keith Schroeder

104.0 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BGSF, INC.

Date: March 18, 2025 /s/ Keith Schroeder

Name:

Title: Keith Schroeder

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

(Principal Financial Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex102-cfoagrmt.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered as of February 24, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Keith Schroeder (the Executive) and BG Staff Services, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company) (collectively, the Parties or singularly, a Party). 

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of BGSF, Inc., a Delaware corporation (BGSF), which is publicly traded and taxable as a C corporation;

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the business of providing workforce solutions to third parties; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto mutually agree as follows:

1.COMMENCEMENT DATE AND TERM. Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement began on February 24, 2025 (the Start Date) and his duties as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary shall commence on March 18, 2025 (the Commencement Date) and shall continue through December 31, 2027, and successive one-year extensions, to the extent applicable, as provided in this paragraph (the Term). The Term shall automatically be extended for additional one-year periods beyond December 31, 2027, unless written notice is given by one Party to the other Party, at least 180 days prior to the expiration date of the then current Term, of such Partys intention not to renew. If a notice not to renew has been provided on a timely basis pursuant to this Agreement, this Agreement shall expire upon the conclusion of the then current Term. The period of Executives employment under this Agreement 

1 | Page

during the initial Term and successive one-year periods thereafter, if any, until terminated as provided herein, may also be referred to as the Employment Period.

2.DUTIES. 

2.1From and after the Commencement Date, Executive shall be employed as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, with the authority, duties and responsibilities assigned to Executive by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) and Chair, CEO and President, to whom he shall report. Executive shall devote all of his working time and efforts exclusively to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not be employed or otherwise be engaged in any other business activity that would conflict or interfere with the performance of Executives duties without the prior written approval of the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will be permitted to (a) act or serve as a director of one publicly traded company so long as such activities are disclosed in writing to the Board, provided that such service does not interfere with the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company; (b) with the prior written consent of the Board (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) act or serve as a director, trustee, or committee member of any type of civic or charitable organization as long as such activities are disclosed in writing to the Board and, provided that the activities described above do not interfere with the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company; and (c) purchase or own less than 5% of the publicly traded securities of any corporation, provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, the corporation. Executive shall be employed at the Companys executive office in the Dallas area or remotely as agreed upon with the CEO. Executive shall perform his duties during customary business hours at such executive office, except when his duties require business travel. The Executive shall initially be employed remotely, working from the Executives principal residence in Lombard, Illinois, subject to required business travel, and shall commute to the Dallas area home office location as mutually agreed upon with the CEO. If it is determined by the Executive and the CEO 

2 | Page

that the Executive needs to relocate to Dallas, the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for reasonable and customary relocation costs including but not limited to: 1) reasonable costs related to shipping and storage of Executives household goods from Lombard, Illinois to the Dallas area; 2) temporary living expenses in the Dallas area from the date of the relocation request until Executives primary residence in Lombard, Illinois is sold; 3) reimbursements for a reasonable number of house-hunting trips, including airfare, hotel, and meals for Executive and his spouse; and 4) other reasonable expenses incurred by Executive. 

2.2If elected, Executive agrees to serve on the Board and on the board of any affiliates without additional compensation. Executive further agrees to serve as an officer of any affiliates without additional compensation.

3.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.

3.1Base Salary. The Company shall pay Executive an initial annualized gross salary of $350,000 (the Base Salary) which shall be payable in accordance with the standard payroll practices of the Company (subject to such withholdings and other customary deductions as may be required by law) for his services pursuant to this Agreement. The Base Salary will be raised to $375,000 effective on or about March 13, 2026; and $400,000 effective on or about March 13, 2027. The Base Salary may be evaluated by the Board and its Compensation Committee, and may be raised, but may not be less than the then effective Base Salary. 

3.2Annual Bonus. Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Bonus) the amount of which will be determined based on the BGSFs Adjusted EBITDA, as reported in BGSFs financial statements for the applicable fiscal year (EBITDA) and set forth in the Executives VARIABLE PAY PLAN(s), and subject to the VARIABLE PAY TERMS & CONDITIONS, (collectively the VPP). No later than the first quarter of each fiscal year, BGSF will establish the budget for that fiscal year. The Bonus (if and to the extent earned) will be paid according to the terms of the VPP, except that Executive shall be entitled to receive a Bonus and/or a prorated Bonus in accordance with Section 4.6 upon Executives involuntary 

3 | Page

termination without Cause (defined below), resignation for Good Reason (defined below), or termination upon expiration of the Employment Period. The Company will have the discretion to provide additional incentives to Executive as the Company deems appropriate.

The annual Bonus (if and to the extent earned) will be paid pursuant to the terms of the VPP. Except as provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, Executive must be employed by the Company on the last day of the applicable fiscal year for which the bonus is calculated in order to be entitled to payment of the bonus for that year. The Board will have the discretion to increase the percentage of Base Salary paid as a bonus and may provide additional incentives to Executive as the Board deems appropriate.

3.3Sign-On Equity Awards. Executive shall receive an equity grant in the amount of $200,000 consisting of 50% stock options and 50% restricted stock upon the Commencement Date.

(a) The restricted stock shall have a three-year cliff vest on March 13, 2028, and shall be valued at the closing price of BGSF common stock on the Commencement Date.

(b) The stock options shall have a three-year cliff vest on March 13, 2028, and the exercise price shall be the closing price of BGSF common stock on the Commencement Date. 

(c) The Sign-On Equity Awards will vest immediately upon a Change of Control (as defined in the 2013 Plan (as defined below) or upon a termination of the Executive as a result of Executives Death, Disability, Incapacitation, Termination By Company without Cause, or Termination by Executive for Good Reason as outlined in Section 4, or upon expiration of the Term due to Companys election under Section 1 not to extend the Term. 

Executive agrees that the restricted stock and stock options shall be subject to the terms of the BGSF, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2013 Plan), and Executives 

4 | Page

execution of any applicable award agreement as provided by BGSF, along with his execution of any other required documents evidencing such awards, as may be required of other executives at his level of authority. 

3.4Acquisition Bonus. If an Acquisition (as defined herein) occurs during the Employment Period, and Executive is Involved in the Acquisition, Executive shall receive a bonus equal to 1% of any acquired companys adjusted EBITDA, as determined by the Board in consultation with the Executive, for the first complete twelve months following the Acquisitions closing date (the Acquisition Bonus). Involved in the Acquisition means any activity in which the Executive significantly participates (as reasonably determined in good faith by the CEO and the Board) related to any Acquisition activity, begun after the Start Date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is presumed that Executive is involved in any Acquisition undertaken by Company unless Executive is specifically advised, in advance in writing, that Executive is excluded from participation, including any Acquisitions that may be currently in process. The Acquisition Bonus shall be paid quarterly (subject to such withholdings and other customary deductions as may be required by law) no later than 10 days following the completion of the review of the Companys quarterly financial statements. For purposes of this Agreement, Acquisition means a transaction in which the Company acquires a majority of the equity interests, or all or substantially all of the assets, of an unrelated third party, as determined by the Board in consultation with the Executive.

3.5Stock Options and Restricted Stock. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be considered, no less than annually, for an additional award of options to purchase BGSF common stock (stock options) and/or restricted stock (RS) by the Board and its Compensation Committee in accordance with the 2013 Plan, along with terms and conditions as may be set forth in any applicable award agreement. Such award of stock options or RS, if any, shall be determined by the Board, consistent with the 2013 Plan. If awarded, Executive agrees that any award of such stock options or RS shall be subject to the terms of the 2013 Plan and his execution of any applicable award agreement as provided by BGSF, along with his 

5 | Page

execution of any other required documents evidencing such an award, as may be required of other executives at his level of authority. 

3.6Benefits. Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys various health care, retirement and insurance benefit plans and programs that the Company provides to its other employees whose responsibilities and duties are comparable to those of Executive, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of such plans and programs. The Company may modify or terminate such benefit programs at any time in its sole discretion.

3.7Short-term Disability. Executive shall be entitled to short-term disability comparable to the program that the Company provides to its other employees, should he become temporarily disabled, meaning that he is not able to work for a short period of time due to sickness or injury (excluding on-the-job injuries which are covered by workers compensation insurance) as defined by any applicable plan document. 

3.8Paid Time Off (PTO). Executive shall be entitled to such paid holidays and other days of leave as may be designated by the Company. In addition, Executive shall initially be entitled to PTO of four (4) weeks per fiscal year and will increase pursuant Company policy. Unless approved in advance, no more than two (2) weeks of PTO may be taken consecutively. Unused PTO time shall be carried over from any one fiscal year to the next fiscal year in accordance with the Companys policy. Except as specified otherwise in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive will be paid for accrued but unused PTO in accordance with the Companys PTO policy.

3.9Professional Fees. Subject to Section 10 below, the Company shall reimburse Executive for annual membership dues related to Executives membership in organizations that the Board may approve.

3.10Expenses. Subject to such policies as may from time to time be established by the Company and Section 10 below, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives 

6 | Page

duties under this Agreement, upon the timely presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may require.

3.11Indemnification and Insurance. During the Term and thereafter, the Executive shall be entitled to indemnification to the fullest extent permitted in accordance with the By-Laws and/or charters or other formation and governing documents of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and as provided under the terms of the Companys directors and officers liability and (if applicable) fiduciary liability insurance policies, or any other applicable insurance policies (the Policies), as the Policies may be amended from time to time, or any successor policy, provided, that any such policy shall have terms that are, in the aggregate, no less favorable than the terms of the relevant policy in effect on the Effective Date. If at any time the Companys Board of Directors or a committee thereof approves a form of indemnification agreement for use with the Companys directors or officers, then the Company shall enter into an indemnification agreement with the Executive containing the same terms and conditions as are contained in such form of indemnification agreement.

4.TERMINATION.

4.1Early Termination. Executives employment shall continue pursuant to Section 1 above unless earlier terminated by: (a) Executives death; (b) Executives Incapacity (as defined herein); or (c) Executive or the Company, for any lawful reason or no reason, provided that if the termination by the Company is without Cause (as defined herein) or the termination by Executive is with Good Reason (as defined herein), the Company or Executive, as applicable, shall provide the other party with 30 days written notice prior to the effective date of the termination. 

4.2Death. Executives employment will terminate automatically upon his Death.

4.3Incapacity. The term Incapacity has the same meaning as the term disabled, in the Companys long-term disability insurance program, as in effect from time to time provided 

7 | Page

such definition complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(iv), which requires either that: (a) the Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or (b) the Executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than Twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. If the Executive is determined by the Board in good faith to have incurred Incapacity, the Company may give him a written notice of his termination of employment pursuant to this section (Termination Notice). If within ninety (90) days of the Termination Notice, Executive does not return to full-time performance and is not able to perform the essential functions of his duties, with or without reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, Executives employment will terminate hereunder, unless otherwise prohibited by law, upon the date set forth in the Termination Notice. If Executive does return to full-time performance in that ninety (90) day period and is able to perform the essential functions of his duties, with or without a reasonable accommodation, the Termination Notice will be cancelled. Nothing in this Section 4.3 shall be construed to waive the Executives rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.

4.4Definition of Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause for termination by the Company shall be deemed to exist if: (a) Executive has been convicted of, or plead guilty, no contest or deferred adjudication to, a felony; (b) the Board determines that Executive has engaged in acts of dishonesty or fraud involving the Company; (c) Executive materially breaches this Agreement; (d) Executive has engaged in illegal conduct or intentional misconduct, in either case, that is materially and demonstrably injurious to Company; (e) Executive materially violates written policies of the Company; or (f) Executive refuses or fails to perform the duties 

8 | Page

reasonably assigned to him by the Board in accordance with this Agreement (other than by reason of Death or Incapacity); provided, however, with respect to Section 4.4 (c), (e) and (f), that Executive is given written notice by the Board of the specific nature of the failure to perform, breach of agreement or violation of written policies, as applicable, and Executive does not correct such failure, breach or violation within thirty (30) days after Executives receipt of such notice.

4.5Definition of Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason for Executives termination of this Agreement shall mean (a) any reduction in Executives Base Salary, as such amount may be increased from time to time; (b) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties or responsibilities as set forth under this Agreement (which shall include, without limitation and for avoidance of doubt, a change in the reporting of the Executive from the Board to any other person); (c) any action or inaction by the Company that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement; (d) a change in the location of the Executives principal place of employment (other than the Executives relocation to the Dallas area in accordance with Section 2.1); or (e) Companys failure to require any successor to expressly assume the terms of this Agreement. In order for Executives termination to qualify as a termination for Good Reason, Executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of the condition(s) giving rise to Good Reason within thirty (30) days of Executives initial discovery of the condition(s), upon the notice of which the Company shall have thirty (30) days to cure the condition(s). If such condition(s) are not cured by the Company within such thirty (30) day period, Executive must actually terminate his employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of such thirty (30)-day cure period.

4.6Termination for Any Reason. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, upon Executives termination for any reason, the Company will (a) pay Executive his Accrued Compensation (defined below) and (b) shall timely pay Executive any amounts and provide him any benefits that are required, or to which Executive is then entitled, under any plan, contract or arrangement of the Company (together, the Other 

9 | Page

Benefits) in accordance with the terms of such plan, contract or arrangement. For purposes of this Section 4.6, Accrued Compensation means (1) Executives accrued but unpaid Base Salary up to and including the date of termination, (2) the amount of any expense reimbursements and other cash entitlements through the date of termination (including, without limitation, reimbursements due under Sections 3.7 or 3.8), and (3) the amount of any earned, but unpaid, Acquisition Bonus that would otherwise be due under Section 3.3; provided, however, that if Executives employment with the Company terminates due to (v) Executives death or (x) involuntary termination by the Company without Cause, (y) by Executive for Good Reason, or (z) expiration of the Employment Period, then Accrued Compensation shall also include the following amounts: (4) any earned, but unpaid Bonus for the immediately preceding fiscal year; and (5) a Bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, calculated assuming that the Company will meet its target adjusted EBITDA based on year-to-date performance for the year of termination calculated in accordance with the Companys normal accrual practice, but prorated based on the number of days that elapse from the first day of such fiscal year to the date on which Executives termination occurs. The amounts in (1) and (2) shall be paid within six days following Executives termination date (or earlier to the extent required by applicable law). The amounts in (3), (4) and (5) shall be paid within ten days following the completion of the review of the Companys applicable quarterly or annual financial statements.

4.7Termination without Cause, for Good Reason, or Non-Renewal by Company. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, by Executive for Good Reason, or as a result of the expiration of the Term due to the Companys election under Section 1 not to extend the Term, then, subject to Executives compliance with post-employment termination obligations including, without limitation, as provided in the Covenant Agreement referred to in Section 5 below and subject to applicable withholdings, Executive (or Executives legal representative), shall receive in addition to his Accrued Compensation and Other Benefits as outlined in Section 4.6, a severance amount equal to twelve (12) months of Base Salary, payable in installments as provided in this Section 4.7. The Company shall also pay Executive an additional 

10 | Page

amount equal to the monthly COBRA premiums for Executive and his dependents, grossed-up for federal income taxes, for eighteen (18) months. The foregoing severance amounts shall be paid in substantially equivalent installments in the same manner and at the same intervals as Executive was being paid immediately prior to termination (the Severance Payments). Executives rights under this Section 4.7 shall be contingent upon Executive executing and not revoking a separation and release agreement (the Release) in form and substance substantially similar to the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims attached hereto as Exhibit A, and Executives return of Company property within the time period specified in the in the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims; provided, however, that if such period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payments shall commence in the second calendar year no later than ten business days following the last day of such period, and the installment payment made in the second calendar year shall include the installment(s) that would otherwise have been paid during the earlier calendar year. Additionally, subject to Executives satisfaction of the Release required described above, Executive will become 100% vested in any awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan or similar plan.

4.8Termination due to a Change in Control. For protection against possible termination after a Change of Control (defined below) of the Company and to induce Executive to continue to serve in his present capacity with the Company or in such other capacity to which Executive may be elected or appointed, the Company (or, if applicable, its successors or assigns) will provide the Severance Payments in a single lump sum payment to Executive, together with all Other Benefits, in the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive after a Change in Control within one year after such Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective Date that also constitutes a change in control under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3:

11 | Page

(a) one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of BGSF or the Company that, together with the stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of BGSF or the Company (as applicable); provided that, a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of BGSFs or the Companys stock, as applicable, and acquires additional stock;

(b) one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) ownership of BGSFs or the Companys stock possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of BGSF or the Company, as applicable;

(c) a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election;

(d) completion of a consolidation, merger, or sale, lease, exchange, or other transfer of substantially all of the assets of BGSF or the Company; or

(e) approval by the stockholders of BGSF or the Company of a liquidation or dissolution of BGSF or the Company.

If Executives employment is terminated under the circumstances provided in this Section 4.8, then Executive shall be entitled to the same payments and benefits as provided in Section 4.7 subject to the following adjustments: (1) the severance amount shall be increased to eighteen (18) months of Base Salary (i.e., instead of 12 months Base Salary). Additionally, Executive will become 100% vested in any awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan or similar plan. Executives right to receive the foregoing severance is subject to Executives timely satisfaction of the Release required described above in Section 4.7.

4.9Golden Parachute Payments. 

12 | Page

(a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by Executive (including, without limitation, any payment or benefits received in connection with a Change in Control or the Executives termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein as, the 280G Payments) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the, Code) and would, but for this Section 4.9, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then prior to making the 280G Payments, a calculation shall be made comparing (a) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to Executive of the 280G Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (b) the Net Benefit to Executive if the 280G Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (a) above is less than the amount under (b) above will the 280G Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the 280G Payments is subject to the Excise Tax. Net Benefit shall mean the present value of the 280G Payments net of all federal, state, local, foreign income, employment, and excise taxes. Any reduction made pursuant to this Section 4.9 shall be made in a manner determined by the Tax Counsel (defined below) in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Sections 280G and 409A of the Code and that leaves Executives in the best after-tax position.

(b) All calculations and determinations under this Section 4.9 shall be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel appointed by the Company and approved by Executive (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (the Tax Counsel) whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 4.9, the Tax Counsel may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel, and each other, with such information and documents as the Tax Counsel may 

13 | Page

reasonably request in order to make its determinations under this Section 4.9. The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with its services.

4.10Termination relating to Executives Incapacity or Death. If, during the Employment Period, Executives employment terminates as a result of his Incapacity or death, the Company shall pay Executive or his estate as the case may be, the Accrued Compensation and Other Benefits as outlined in Section 4.6.

5.REQUIRED RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall execute a Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, Non-Interference and Non-Competition Agreement in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the Covenant Agreement).

6.ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement with its Exhibits constitute the entire understanding between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement, and there are no covenants, conditions, representatives, or agreements, oral or written, or any nature whatsoever, other than those herein contained.

7.MODIFICATIONS. This Agreement may be amended, modified, cancelled or superseded only by a written instrument signed by the Parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance. Except as otherwise provided herein, no delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any right, power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of any right power or privilege hereunder, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder.

8.SEVERABILITY. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and if any part of any provision is held illegal, void or invalid under applicable law such provision may be changed to the extent reasonably necessary to make the provision, as so changed, 

14 | Page

legal, valid and binding. If any provision of this Agreement is held illegal, void or invalid in its entirety, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired but shall remain binding in accordance with their terms.

9.ASSIGNMENT. Executive shall not assign, transfer or convey this Agreement, or in any way encumber the compensation or other benefits payable to him hereunder, except with the prior written consent of the Company. The Company may assign this Agreement and its rights hereunder in whole, but not in part, to any entity with or into which it may transfer all or substantially all of its assets (and, in such event, the term Company as used herein shall mean and refer to such successor-in-interest).

10.CODE SECTION 409A.

10.1 To the extent that any payments to be made to Executive upon a termination of employment are subject to Section 409A of the Code, a termination of employment with the Company shall not have occurred unless and until Executive has incurred a separation from service as defined under Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

10.2 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of Executives separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement on account of Executives separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the 20% additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (a) six (6) months and one (1) day after Executives separation from service, or (b) Executives death. If 

15 | Page

any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule.

10.3 All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

10.4 The Parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 2(b)(2). The Parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either Party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either Party. This Section 10 shall apply only to the extent required to avoid Executives incurrence of any tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder.

16 | Page

10.5 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any payment under the terms of this Agreement would constitute an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated thereunder, such payments shall be made no earlier than at such times allowed under Section 409A of the Code.

11.CLAW BACK. All incentive-based compensation, payments and benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement (e.g., the annual bonus described in Section 3.2), as determined by the Company, shall be subject to claw back by the Company or BGSF (i.e., repayment by Executive to the Company or BGSF, as applicable), less the amount of any withholdings or other deductions previously withheld on such compensation, (a) to the extent required by applicable law, or (b) in the event Executives misconduct pertaining to any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws results in the Company, BGSF or related entity or being required to prepare and file an accounting restatement or similar with the federal Securities and Exchange Commission or a similar agency; provided, however, that no offset of any amounts owed under this Agreement or otherwise to Executive shall be permissible by the Company under this Section 11 to the extent that Executive would incur a violation of Section 409A of the Code as a result of any such offset, as determined solely by the Company.

12.NOTICES. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by facsimile, overnight delivery, or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the Parties at the addresses set forth below, or to such changed address as either Party may subsequently give notice of.

If to Executive:

Keith Schroeder 

381 E. 16th Place

Lombard, IL 60149

17 | Page

If to the Company:

BG Staff Services Inc. Board of Directors

C/o Chief Executive Officer

5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730

Plano, TX 75024

Notices delivered personally or by overnight delivery shall be effective upon delivery or delivery refused. Notices properly addressed and delivered by mail, return receipt requested, shall be effective upon deposit with the United States Postal Service. 

13.BINDING EFFECT. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding on the Parties hereto and on their respective heirs, administrators, executors, permitted successors and permitted assigns.

14.COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which together shall constitute but a single document.

15.ARBITRATION. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration. Arbitration shall be administered exclusively by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) and shall be conducted consistent with the rules, regulations, and requirements thereof as well as any requirements imposed by Texas law. Venue for any arbitration pursuant to this Agreement will lie in Collin County, Texas. Any award entered by the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding, and judgment may be entered thereon by either party in accordance with applicable law in any court of competent jurisdiction. This arbitration provision shall be specifically enforceable. Each party shall be responsible for its own expenses relating to the conduct of the arbitration (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) and shall share the fees of AAA and the arbitrator(s), if applicable, equally.

16.GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement is being executed in the State of Texas and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

18 | Page

17.CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS. The Golden Parachute provisions of Section 4.9, the Covenant Agreement referenced in Section 5 of this Agreement, the Section 409A provisions of Section 10 and the claw back provisions in Section 11 shall survive termination of Executives employment for any reason (with or without Cause or Good Reason). Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, no rights or obligations of either Party shall continue after the termination of this Agreement.

18.OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL. Executive has been given ample time to consult with an attorney of his choice with respect to the terms of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall reimburse Executive for legal fees in negotiating and drafting this Agreement up to a maximum of $3,000.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

19 | Page

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

EXECUTIVE:

/s/ Keith Schroeder

Keith Schroeder

Date: March 12, 2025

COMPANY

BG STAFF SERVICES, INC.

By: BGSF, Inc.

its sole shareholder

By: /s/ Richard L. Baum, Jr.

Chair, Compensation Committee

Date: March 12, 2025

20 | Page

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit A Separation Agreement and General Release

Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims

(the General Release)

For and in consideration of benefits described in the Executive Employment Agreement dated effective February 24, 2025 (the Employment Agreement) by and between BG Staff Services, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company), and Keith Schroeder (Executive) and for other good and valuable consideration, Executive hereby releases, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company and its parent company, BGSF, Inc., and their respective divisions, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, predecessors, successors, assigns, officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents, shareholders, administrators, representatives, attorneys, insurers and fiduciaries, past, present and future (the Released Parties) from any and all claims of any kind arising out of or related to Executives employment with the Company, Executives separation from employment with the Company or derivative of Executives employment, which Executive now has or may have against the Released Parties, whether known or unknown to Executive, by reason of facts which have occurred on or prior to the date that Executive has signed this Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims (this General Release). Such released claims include, without limitation, any alleged violation of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, the Older Worker Benefits Protection Act ; Title VII of the Civil Rights of 1964, as amended; Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Equal Pay Act; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; the Rehabilitation Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act; Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as amended; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the National Labor Relations Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Act; Executive Polygraph Protection Act; the Immigration Reform Control Act; the retaliation provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; the Federal False Claims Act; the Texas Labor Code; (and including any and all amendments to the above) 

21 | Page

and/or any other alleged violation of any federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance, and/or contract or any other alleged violation of any federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance, and/or contract or implied contract, including but not limited to the Employment Agreement, or tort law or public policy or whistleblower claim, having any bearing whatsoever on Executives employment by and the termination of Executives employment with the Company, including, but not limited to, any claim for wrongful discharge, back pay, vacation pay, sick pay, wage, commission or bonus payment, money or equitable relief or damages of any kind, attorneys fees, costs, and/or future wage loss.

It is understood that this General Release is not intended to and does not affect or release (i) any future rights or any claims arising after the date this General Release is executed by Executive, (ii) any payments due to Executive under the terms of the Employment Agreement on account of Executives termination of employment, (iii) any rights Executive may have with respect to stock options, restricted stock, stock rights or stock ownership in BGSF, Inc. and (iv) any rights of Executive to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or coverage under directors and officers insurance policies from or maintained by the Company, BGSF, Inc. or any of their affiliates.

Executive understands that the consideration provided to Executive under the terms of the Employment Agreement or otherwise does not constitute any admission by the Company that it has violated any law or legal obligation.

Executive agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that Executive will not commence, maintain, prosecute or participate in any action or proceeding of any kind against the Released Parties based on any of the claims waived herein occurring up to and including the date of Executives signature hereto. The Executive represents and warrants that he will not have done so as of the Effective Date (defined below) of this General Release. Notwithstanding the foregoing agreement, representation and warranty, if Executive violates any of the provisions of this paragraph, Executive agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company from 

22 | Page

and against any and all costs, attorneys fees and other expenses authorized by law which result from, or are incident to, such violation. This paragraph is not intended to preclude Executive from (1) challenging the knowing and voluntary nature of this General Release; or (2) filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any state or municipal equivalent agency.

Executive further agrees to waive his right to any monetary or equitable recovery should any federal, state or local administrative agency pursue any claims on Executives behalf arising out of or related to Executives employment with and/or separation from employment with the Company and promises not to seek or accept any award, settlement or other monetary or equitable relief from any source or proceeding brought by any person or governmental entity or agency on Executives behalf or on behalf of any class of which Executive is a member with respect to any of the claims Executive has waived.

Executive acknowledges and agrees that: (i) after he received a written copy of this General Release, he had adequate opportunity to review it and that he has personally read it; (ii) he fully understand its contents; (iii) he has been advised to consult an attorney before signing it; (iv) he enters into this General Release knowingly, voluntarily and after any consultations with his attorney or other advisor, as he deems appropriate and (v) he has been given at least 21 days from the date of receipt of this General Release to consider all of its terms. Executive fully understands that, by signing below, he is voluntarily giving up any right which he may have to sue or bring any other claims against the Released Parties, including any rights and claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act.

The terms of this General Release shall not become effective or enforceable until eight days following the date of its execution by Executive, provided that Executive has not revoked his agreement hereto (the Effective Date). The Executive may revoke the General Release by notifying the Company in writing (via US Mail to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer, BG Staff Services, Inc., 5850 

23 | Page

Granite Parkway, Suite 730, Plano, TX 75024, or via fax to (972) 960-6115 or via email to bgarvey@bgsf.com). For Executives revocation to be effective, written notice must be received by the Company no later than the close of business on the eighth (8th) day following the date Executive signs this General Release.

The Companys obligation to provide the benefits described in Section 4.7 of the Employment Agreement, will expire and become null and void, if this General Release is not executed and delivered to the Company via US Mail to Chief Executive Officer, BG Staff Services, Inc., 5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730, Plano, TX 75024, or via fax to (972) 960-6115 or via email to bgarvey@bgsf.com during the twenty-one (21) day review period or if Executive revokes this General Release within the eight-day revocation period following his executing this General Release.

Executive certifies that he does not have in his possession, nor has he failed to return, any devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, materials, equipment or reproductions of any of the aforementioned items and any Confidential Information (as defined in the Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, Non-Interference and Non-Competition Agreement by and between the Company and Executive effective February 24, 2025 (the Covenant Agreement)); provided that nothing in this provision prohibits Executive from retaining non-confidential materials relating to the terms and conditions of his employment with the Company.

Executive further certifies that Executive has complied with all the terms of the Covenant Agreement, and Executive agrees that Executive will comply with all post-termination obligations set forth in the Covenant Agreement.

Executive agrees and covenants that he shall not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company or its businesses, or any of its employees or officers, and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties, now or in the 

24 | Page

future. This does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Companys Chief Executive Officer.

The Company agrees that it will use reasonable efforts to ensure that its executives do not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning Executive, now or in the future. This does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Company from complying with any applicable law, regulation, or listing requirement.

This General Release shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. If any clause of this General Release should ever be determined to be unenforceable, it is agreed that this will not affect the enforceability of any other clause or the remainder of this General Release. This General Release is binding on Executive and his representatives, heirs, and assigns.

Please read carefully, as this document includes a release of claims, and is legally-binding.

EXECUTIVE:

_________________________Keith Schroeder

Date: ________________________

25 | Page

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit B Covenant Agreement

NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION,

NON-SOLICITATION, NON-INTERFERENCE AND

NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

THIS NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NON-SOLICITATION, NON-INTERFERENCE AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT (this Covenant Agreement) is entered into as of the 24th day of February, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between Keith Schroeder (Executive) and BG Staff Services, Inc. (the Company).

WHEREAS, the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of BGSF, Inc. (BGSF);

WHEREAS, the Company and its affiliated entities, including but not limited to its parent, BGSF, are engaged in the business of providing temporary staffing to third parties;

WHEREAS, for purposes of this Covenant Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, all references herein to the Company (including, without limitation, references to the Company contained in Sections 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) shall be deemed to include the Company and its affiliated entities including, without limitation, BGSF.

WHEREAS, Executive acknowledges that the Companys reputation in the temporary staffing industry and the Companys client relationships and potential client relationships are nationwide in scope and are a highly valued component of its business;

WHEREAS, Executive acknowledges that in exchange for entering into this Covenant Agreement, Executive will be granted unique access to confidential and proprietary information, processes and expertise that are used by the Company, in rendering services to its clients and that the confidentiality of such confidential and proprietary information, processes and expertise has significant value to the Company and its current and future success;

26 | Page

MOREOVER, the Company desires to employ Executive in a capacity which will inevitably provide Executive with access to the highest level of confidential information regarding the Companys operational, financial, marketing and business plans, programs, data and condition, which the Company desires to protect;

WHEREAS, the Company requires that Executive enter into this Covenant Agreement as a precondition and material inducement to continuing the employment relationship with Executive pursuant to the terms of the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 24, 2025 by and between the Company and Executive (the Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, Executive desires to continue employment by the Company under such conditions; and

WHEREAS, Executives principal office while employed by the Company shall be located in Executives Dallas area home office.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto mutually agree as follows:

1. Confidential Information. 

Upon Executives execution of this Agreement, which shall coincide with the continuing of his employment relationship with the Company and is a condition of and separate inducement for the Companys entry into the Employment Agreement, the Company shall, and is hereby obligated to, provide Executive immediately with the right and ability to access certain confidential and proprietary information belonging to the Company, which are necessary for Executive to perform his duties as part of his employment relationship with the Company (the Confidential Information). Confidential Information means proprietary, trade secret or other non-public confidential information obtained as a result of 

27 | Page

Executives employment with the Company, including, without limitation, information belonging to the Company regarding the identity of its clients and their preferences and requirements; information regarding the Companys processes, techniques; and technical data or that belonging to their clients; personnel information regarding the Companys employees either permanent staff or temporary; information regarding the Companys business relationships with its vendors or suppliers; the Companys business practices and procedures, research and development data, and financial, marketing and economic plans; information regarding the Companys affiliates; and information pertaining to confidential strategic business assignments which Executive performed for the Company.

Executive acknowledges that the Company has expended substantial resources acquiring and developing its: (a) Confidential Information; (b) customer relationships; and (c) qualified work force. Protecting these assets is critical to the Companys survival and success because a competitor with access to such assets would have an unfair advantage over the Company. Accordingly, Executive acknowledges that the Company has a legitimate business interest in protecting these assets and that the restrictive covenants set forth in this Covenant Agreement are a reasonable means of doing so.

2. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information

Except in accordance with Executives job duties for the Company, Executive shall not disclose nor use any Confidential Information by any means whatsoever during the term of his employment or following the termination of his employment relationship with the Company. This Section shall survive the termination of the employment relationship. Nothing herein may be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation or order. 

28 | Page

Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Board of Directors or its designee.

3. Non-Competition

Ancillary to this otherwise enforceable Covenant Agreement including the Companys agreement to provide Executive with Confidential Information, which the Company desires to protect, and its entry into and performance of its obligations under the Employment Agreement, during the Employment Period, and for twelve (12) months after the termination of his employment for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly (except ownership through mutual funds or like investment methods), unless approved by the Company, own an interest in any business or become employed, retained or otherwise engaged to work in any capacity (Employed) (except as allowed below) for any person or business engaged in the provision of temporary staffing that competes in the Primary Market of the Company. The Primary Market of the Company is limited to professional and real estate temporary staffing or temporary staffing in another business/industry sector (New Vertical) when such New Vertical revenue exceeds twenty-five percent (25%) of the Companys total revenue during the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive may become Employed by a temporary staffing firm that does not compete in the Primary Market of the Company during the twelve (12) month non-competition period. in any state in United States in which the Company conducts business as of the Termination Date. Executive acknowledges that his position as Chief Financial Officer and its related duties would provide him with access to Confidential Information in this regard which the Company would not want to be used to compete against it. Executive agrees that the restrictions on Executives activities imposed by this paragraph are reasonable in duration, scope and geography and in all other respects and are narrowly tailored to protect the Companys legitimate business interests. The Company and Executive agree that the geographic scope is reasonable given that the Companys business is national in nature. The Company agrees that the Executive may work 

29 | Page

for any business otherwise prohibited under this section, provided that the Executive is not an officer, director, or otherwise engaged in the management of such business. 

4. Non-Solicitation of Clients and Prospective Clients

Ancillary to this otherwise enforceable Covenant Agreement including the Companys agreement to provide Executive with Confidential Information, which the Company desires to protect, during the Employment Period and for eighteen (18) months after the termination of his employment for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, knowingly (i) solicit business on behalf of any person or entity other than the Company, or (ii) solicit the business of or do business with any Client or Prospective of the Company. Client or Prospective of the Company means any person or entity during the term of Executives employment about which Executive had accessed any Confidential Information at any time during the twelve months period prior to the termination of his employment or with respect to which Executive possessed Confidential Information.

5. Non-Interference with Clients and Suppliers

During the Employment Period and for eighteen (18) months after the termination of his employment for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, attempt to persuade (i) any person or entity to reduce the amount of business it does or to cease doing business with the Company, or (ii) any Client of the Company or Supplier of the Company to reduce the amount of business it does or to cease doing business with the Company. Client of the Company is defined in paragraph 4. Supplier of the Company means any person or entity that provided goods or services to the Company at any time during the twelve months prior to the termination of Executives employment.

6. Non-Solicitation of Employees and Independent Contractors

30 | Page

During the Employment Period and for eighteen (18) months after the termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not, unless approved by the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit the employment, retention or engagement of, or hire any employee, billable independent contractor or other personnel of the Company on behalf of any person or entity, and (ii) knowingly solicit the employment, retention or engagement, or hire, of any Personnel of the Company. Personnel of the Company means any employee (whether staff, temporary or leased), billable independent contractor or other personnel employed, retained or engaged by the Company at any time during the twelve months prior to the termination of Executives employment.

7. No Hardship to Executive

Executive agrees that enforcement of any of the restrictive covenants in the Covenant Agreement shall not cause Executive any hardship, and because of Executives background and experience shall not in any manner preclude Executive, in the event that Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, from becoming gainfully employed in such manner and to such extent as shall provide Executive with a standard of living of at least the sort and fashion to which Executive has become accustomed.

8. Survival of Restrictive Covenants

The restrictive covenants contained in the Covenant Agreement shall survive the termination of Executives employment, whether terminated by Executive or the Company for any reason (with or without Cause or Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive of even date herewith)).

9. Absence of Conflicting Agreements

Executive understands that the Company does not desire to acquire from him any trade secrets, know-how or confidential business information that he may have acquired from others. 

31 | Page

Executive represents and warrants that he is not and will not become bound by any agreement, commitment, arrangement or court order, or any other existing or previous business relationship which violates, conflicts with or prevents the full performance of Executives duties and obligations to the Company under the Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive of even date herewith.

Further, Executive acknowledges that the Company may, at any time while any of the non-disclosure or restrictive covenant provisions contained in this Agreement are in force, provide notice of the existence of this Agreement to any third party with whom or which Executive proposes to become, or becomes, employed or otherwise associated, without any liability to the Company for providing such notice.

10. No Employment Contract

Nothing in this Covenant Agreement creates or is intended to create, a fixed term of employment or a guarantee of employment, express or implied, or to otherwise alter the nature of Executives employment with the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive of even date herewith.

11. Return of the Companys Property

All Confidential Information is the sole property of the Company. During Executives employment by the Company, Executive shall not remove any Confidential Information from the business premises of the Company or deliver any Confidential Information to any person or entity outside of the Company, except as Executive is required to do in connection with performing his duties and responsibilities within the employment relationship. Further, immediately upon the termination of Executives employment relationship by either Executive or by the Company for any or no reason, or during Executives employment if so requested by the Company, Executive shall return all Confidential Information 

32 | Page

and all other Company materials, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, or any reproduction of such property to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or their designee. This Section shall survive the termination of the employment relationship.

Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason or upon the Companys earlier request, Executive shall immediately provide the Company with all documents and data (including originals, photocopies, hard copies and electronic versions) of any nature pertaining to Executives work with the Company, whether or not created by Executive, including, without limitation, documents and data pertaining to the Companys Clients; provided that nothing in this provision prohibits Executive from retaining non-confidential documentation pertaining to the terms and conditions of his employment with the Company.

12. Waiver

The waiver by either Party of a breach of any provision of this Covenant Agreement by the other Party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the non-breaching Party.

13. Protected Communications

Nothing in this Covenant Agreement or the Employment Agreement is intended to, or will be used in any way to, limit Executives rights to communicate with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental agency, as provided for, protected under, or warranted by applicable law, including, but not limited to, Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and SEC Rule 21F-7 (the Protected Communications). Nothing in this Agreement requires Executive to notify, or obtain permission from, the Company before engaging in any Protected Communications.

14. Entire Covenant Agreement

33 | Page

This Covenant Agreement and the Executive Employment Agreement constitute the entire understanding between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no covenants, conditions, representatives, or agreements, oral or written, or any nature whatsoever, other than those herein contained. This Covenant Agreement cannot be changed, modified or discharged unless agreed to in writing by both parties.

15. Assignability

Unless the Company expressly indicates otherwise in writing, the Companys rights and obligations under this Covenant Agreement shall automatically transfer with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets, stock or business. Executive may not assign any rights or obligations under this Covenant Agreement without the Companys prior written consent. This Covenant Agreement shall survive the termination of Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such termination.

16. Remedies for Breach

Executive agrees that any breach of this Covenant Agreement could cause irreparable harm to the Company and that, in the event of such breach, the Company shall have, in addition to all other remedies at law, the right to seek an injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, to prevent or redress Executives violation.

17. Severability

If any provision of this Covenant Agreement is declared unenforceable for any reason, such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions. Such provision shall be reformed and construed to the extent permitted by law so that it would be valid, legal and enforceable to the extent possible.

18. Opportunity to Consult With Counsel

34 | Page

The Company encourages Executive to consult with counsel of Executives choice, at Executives expense, concerning the terms and conditions of this Covenant Agreement including, but not limited to, the restrictive covenants in paragraphs 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Executive acknowledges having had ample time to do so.

19. Governing Law

This Covenant Agreement is being executed in the State of Texas and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, Non-Interference and Non-Competition Agreement as of the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Keith Schroeder 

Keith Schroeder

Date: March 12, 2025

COMPANY

BG Staff Services Inc.

By: /s/ Beth A. Garvey

Beth A. Garvey

President & Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

35 | Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover [Abstract] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Line of Credit Facility, Fourth Borrowing Amount 
Line of Credit Facility, Fourth Borrowing Amount 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 
Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312_g1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BGSF, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36704

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-0656684

Entity Address, Address Line One 5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75024

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 692-2400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol BGSF

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Amendment Flag false

Document Fiscal Period Focus FY

Document Fiscal Year Focus 2025

Entity Central Index Key 0001474903

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3. 1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.bgstaffing.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bgsf-20250312.htm 
bgsf-20250312.xsd 
bgsf-20250312_lab.xml 
bgsf-20250312_pre.xml 

bgsf-20250312_g1.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001474903-25-000018-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>bgsf-20250312_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001474903 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001474903 
false 
FY 
2025 
BGSF, INC. 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
BGSF, INC. 
DE 
001-36704 
26-0656684 
5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730 
Plano 
TX 
75024 
972 
692-2400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BGSF 
NYSE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>