<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005777.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005777.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423081013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005777
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855485
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				862967193
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40789
		FILM NUMBER:		25859268

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-794-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Light Acquisition Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210406
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185548500018554852025-04-172025-04-170001855485CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-172025-04-170001855485CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 17, 2025

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40789 86-2967193

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200,

San
Diego, California 92121

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(858)794-9600

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share CLDI NYSE
American LLC

Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock CLDI
WS OTC
Pink

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
description in Item 5.02 below, as it relates to the terms and conditions of the General Release of Claims and Transition Agreement with
Mr. Camaisa, and the Employment Agreement with Dr. Poma, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively,
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Chief
Executive Officer Transition; Appointment of New Director

On
April 17, 2025, Allan Camaisa notified the board of directors (Board) of Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
of his resignation as the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and as Chairman of the Board and from all his positions
with the Companies subsidiaries (except Nova Cell, Inc.), effective April 21, 2025, subject to finalization of the terms of the General
Release of Claims and Transition Agreement, which agreement was fully-executed on April 22, 2025. Mr. Camaisa will continue to serve
as a Class III director of the Company, and will assume the title of CEO Emeritus. Mr. Camaisa would also continue
to serve as a director on the board of directors of our subsidiary Nova Cell, Inc. Mr. Camaisas resignation is not the result
of any disagreement with the Company or its Board or any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies, or practices. 

The
Company executed, on April 22, 2025, a General Release of Claims and Transition Agreement (Release Agreement) with Mr.
Camaisa. The Agreement contains customary protections, including a general release of claims by Mr. Camaisa in favor of the
Company and certain other related parties. The Agreement will only go effective after the Revocation Period (which is seven business
days from April 22, 2025, and excluding such date) has expired. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, after the Revocation Period,
the Company shall be obligated to pay Mr. Camaisa $500,000 separation pay in the form of compensation continuation over 12 months pursuant
to the Companys regular and customary payroll schedule, less all regular and customary payroll withholdings and shall also be
liable to pay Mr. Camaisas COBRA premiums for 12 months, commencing May 2025, upon timely election. Mr. Camaisa shall also be
entitled to receive a transition/ consulting pay of $10,000 per month during the transition period, and may also be entitled to incentive
payments for opportunities that Mr. Camaisa has developed, as more specifically described in the Release Agreement. Such incentive will
be calculated and paid based on revenues, capital, or monies actually received by the Company on or before December 31, 2026. No incentive
will be earned or paid for revenues, capital, or monies that are received by the Company after that date. Mr. Camaisa will not receive
compensation as a member of the Board during the period that he receives consideration pursuant to the Release Agreement.

The
foregoing description of the Release Agreement is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Release Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

On
April 17, 2025, the Board, by a unanimous vote, appointed Eric Poma, Ph.D. to serve as CEO of the Company, effective April 22, 2025.
In addition, on April 22, 2025, the Board, upon recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, appointed
Dr. Poma to serve as a Class I director of the Company, also effective April 22, 2025, with a term expiring at the annual meeting
of stockholders to be held in 2027.

Most
recently, Dr. Poma, 53, served as CEO and as a member of the board of directors at Molecular Templates (NASDAQ: MTEM), a clinical-stage
biotechnology company, from February 2009 until January 2025. From March 2005 to September 2008, Dr. Poma served as Vice President, Business
Development of Innovive Pharmaceuticals. From 2001 to 2005, Dr. Poma held various senior level positions at Imclone Systems, Inc.
From 2000 to 2001 Dr. Poma served as an analyst at Eagle Growth Investors, LLC. Dr. Poma received a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Immunology
from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an M.B.A. from Leonard N. Stern School of Business and a Bachelor of Science in Biology
from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

There
are no family relationships between Dr. Poma and any of the Companys existing directors or executive officers. Since the beginning
of the Companys last fiscal year, the Company has not engaged in any transactions, and there are no proposed transactions, or
series of similar transactions, in which Dr. Poma was or is to be a participant and in which Dr. Poma had a direct or indirect material
interest in which the amount involved exceeds or exceeded $120,000.

Eric
Poma, Ph.D. Compensation Arrangements

In
connection with his appointment as CEO, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Poma, dated as of April 22, 2025 (the
Employment Agreement). The Employment Agreement provides for Dr. Pomas at-will employment as the CEO of the Company
for a term commencing on April 22, 2025 and continuing until terminated by either the Company or Dr. Poma. Under the terms of the Employment
Agreement, the Company will pay Dr. Poma an annual base salary of $535,000, which amount is subject to periodic review by the compensation
committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee). Dr. Poma may also be eligible to receive an annual bonus award in
an amount up to a target of 50% of his base salary at the sole discretion of the Board.

In
accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement, Dr. Poma will receive a stock option to purchase 726,412 shares of common stock,
25% of which will vest on the first anniversary of Dr. Pomas actual start date, and the remainder will vest ratably on a monthly
basis over the three-year period thereafter (the Option Grant). Vesting generally requires Dr. Pomass continued
employment through the relevant vesting date.

If
Dr. Pomas employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Dr. Poma for Good Reason (each such capitalized term as
defined in the Employment Agreement), then the Company will pay Dr. Poma all amounts accrued but unpaid as of the effective date of such
termination, continuation of his base salary for the nine months following termination and COBRA benefits for the nine months following
termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a termination without Cause or for Good Reason occurs within the twelve months following
a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), Dr. Poma will receive a lump-sum payment comprised of all amounts accrued
but unpaid as of the effective date of such termination, 24 months of his then-current base salary, and 24 months of COBRA benefits.
Any such severance benefits under the Employment Agreement are contingent on Dr. Poma entering into and not revoking a general release
of claims in favor of the Company.

The
Employment Agreement provides for reimbursement of reasonable business expenses and participation in the Companys benefit plans.
The Employment Agreement contains customary covenants related to confidentiality and non-disparagement.

The
foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Employment Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by
reference.

The
Company also expects to enter into its standard director and officer indemnification agreement with Dr. Poma, a form of which was filed
as Exhibit 10.20 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 31,
2025.

The
foregoing summary of the material terms of Dr. Pomas Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is included to this Current Report on Form 8-K as
Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Chairman
of the Board

On
April 22, 2025, the Board appointed James Schoeneck as chairman of the Board, effective April 22, 2025, to serve until his successor
is duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. As previously disclosed, Mr. Schoeneck has served on the
Board since September 12, 2023.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 23, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the CEO transition and appointments described in this Current Report on
Form 8-K. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

The
information set forth under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Item
8.01Other Events.

On
April 22, 2025, following the appointment of Dr. Poma as the CEO and Class I director, and as permitted by the Bylaws of the Company,
the Board at the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, increased the size of the Board from five (5) to
six (6) members, by increasing the number of Class I directors on the Board. The information under Item 5.02 above, as it relates to
such appointment of Class I director is also incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit Exhibit
Description

10.1 General Release of Claims and Transition Agreement by and between the Company and Allan Camaisa dated April 21, 2025.

10.2

Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Poma dated April 22, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated April 23, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated:
April 23, 2025 

By: /s/
Andrew Jackson 

Name: Andrew
Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

GENERAL
RELEASE OF CLAIMS AND TRANSITION AGREEMENT

This
GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS AND TRANSITION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Calidi Biotherapeutics,
Inc. (Company) and Allan Camaisa (Executive) (collectively referred to as the Parties) on the
terms and conditions set forth below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Executive resigns from his employment relationship with the Company;

WHEREAS,
The Company desires to provide certain consideration to Executive in exchange for the mutual promises and agreements contained herein,
including Executives agreement to release all claims against the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of and exchange for the promises, covenants, and releases contained herein, the Parties mutually agree as
follows:

1.
Effective Dates.

A. Effective
Date of Resignation. Executives separation from his Chief Executive Officer position with the Company and all employment
positions that Executive holds with the Companys subsidiaries shall be effective on April 21, 2025, (Resignation Date)
and all of Executives duties cease at that time. Executive will continue to serve his term as a member of the Board of Directors.

B. Effective
Date of Agreement. This Agreement shall be effective as provided in the following acknowledgement:

C. Acknowledgment
of Rights and Waiver of Claims Under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA). Executive acknowledges that
Executive is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act (ADEA). Executive also acknowledges that the consideration given for the waiver and release in the following paragraph
is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been
advised by this writing, as required by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, that: (i) Executives waiver and release
does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the Effective Date (defined below) of this Agreement; (ii) Executive
should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (iii) Executive has at least twenty-one (21) days to consider
this Agreement (although Executive may by her own choice execute this Agreement earlier); (iv) Executive has seven (7) days following
the execution of this Agreement by the parties to revoke the Agreement; and (v) this Agreement shall not be effective until the date
upon which the revocation period has expired (Effective Date). Executive may revoke this Release only by giving the
Company formal, written notice of Executives revocation of this Release, to Chief Legal Officer, Wendy Pizarro at 4475 Executive
Drive, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92121, to be received by the Company by the close of business on the seventh (7th) day
following Executives execution of this Release.

2.
Separation Benefits. In further consideration for this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following separation benefits,
which exceed the benefits to which Executive would be entitled absent Executives agreement to the covenants, conditions, and terms
set forth in this Agreement:

A. Separation Payment.

Commencing
on the first regular payroll date following the Effective Date of the Agreement and for a period of 12 months, the Company will pay Executive
separation pay in the form of compensation continuation. The total amount of separation pay will be $500,000.00. The separation payments
shall be made in equal installments pursuant to the Companys regular and customary payroll schedule, less all regular and customary
payroll withholdings. If the first or last payroll period is a partial period due to date of termination/resignation, payments in those
pay periods will be pro-rated. At the Companys sole discretion, may pay Executive in a lump sum separation payment.

B. Benefits.

The
Company shall pay Executives COBRA premiums for 12 months, if Executive timely elects COBRA coverage, commencing in May 2025.
Executive acknowledges that commencing with the 13th month of COBRA coverage (May 2026), Executive shall be solely responsible for the
payment of COBRA premiums. Executive agrees to notify Employer immediately upon obtaining alternative insurance coverage.

C. Accelerated
Vesting of Stock Options. Upon a Corporate Transaction (also known as a change in control) as defined in the Companys
2023 Equity Incentive Plan, and conditioned upon Executive having been granted Stock Awards as part of the Executives Compensation,
and notwithstanding any term of any Agreement (as defined in the Plan) between Executive and the Company to the contrary, 100% of
Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards shall become fully vested. For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards
means all stock options, restricted stock and such other equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and equity
incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof.

E. Employment
References. Executive agrees to direct all reference requests to the Companys Human Resources Department. In response
to any such inquiry, the Company shall make a reasonable effort to disclose no more than, (i) dates of Executives employment;
and (ii) Executives last position held.

F. Timing.
Executive will not be entitled to the Separation Benefits provided herein until the occurrence of each of the following: (i) this
Agreement is fully executed by the Parties hereto; and (ii) this Agreement becomes Effective as provided in paragraph 1B, above.

2

3.
Accrued Salary, Bonus and Paid Time Off. Within three (3) days of the Resignation Date, the Company will pay Executive all accrued
salary, an Executive bonus in the amount of $80,000, and all accrued and unused Paid Time Off earned through the Resignation Date, subject
to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. Executive will receive these payments regardless of whether Executive enters into this
Agreement.

4.
Acknowledgments. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Separation Payment is not required by the Companys policies
and procedures or otherwise and hereby agrees that as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive has timely received all wages
and other compensation or remuneration of any kind due or owed from the Company, including but not limited to all wages, penalties, commissions,
bonuses, advances, vacation pay, and any other incentive-based compensation as well as all non-economic and non-compensatory damages
to which Executive is or may become entitled or eligible, and that the Company shall owe Executive nothing further once Executive receives
the Separation Payment set forth in paragraph 2A, above. Employee agrees that California Labor Code section 206.5 is not applicable because
there is a good faith dispute as to whether the Company owes Executive any wages. Section 206.5 provides, in pertinent part, as follows:
An employer shall not require the execution of a release of claim right on account of wages due, or to become due, or made as
an advance on wages to be earned, unless payment of those wages has been made. Executive further acknowledges that Executive would
not otherwise be entitled to the consideration set forth in this section were it not for the covenants, promises, and releases set forth
hereunder.

5.
Transition and Consulting Period. Beginning on the date Executive executes this Agreement and returns it to the Company (Transition
Period), Executive will provide services to the Company to assist with the transition as the Company may from time to time require
of him. Executive will assume the title of CEO Emeritus. Executive will retain his Company email account provided he changes
his signature line to the title of Consultant / CEO Emeritus. Executive will be reasonably available to assist the Company
during regular business hours at the direction of the new CEO. This includes assisting the new CEO with transitioning any matters, providing
assistance and advice relating to matters and procedures in which Executive was involved or which Executive managed or was responsible
for while Executive was employed by the Company. So as not to interfere with the new CEOs business development strategy, executive
agrees not to reach out to any other prospective targets related to licenses, collaborations, partnerships or any other business transaction
beyond Mexico and the Philippines, or anywhere else within the global pharmaceutical space without prior permission from the new CEO.
Provided that Executive makes himself reasonably available and assists during the Transition Period as set forth above, the Company will
pay Executive $10,000 per month (Transition Pay). If Executive does not comply with the above requirements during the Transition
Period, Executive waives his right to the Transition Pay and the Company can forego making any future payments. In any case, the Company
or the Executive may give the other party thirty (30) days written notice to discontinue the Transition Period for any reason
at any time.

3

In
addition, if the Executive assists with closing any deals for raising capital, obtaining option fees, obtaining licensing fees, or obtaining
purchase contracts in Mexico or the Philippines for current opportunities that Executive has developed, Executive is eligible to receive
an incentive calculated as 3.0% of the gross profit from the deal(s) as set forth below. This incentive is based on any contracts finalized
sixty (60) days after the later of the following: (a) six (6) months from the date that Executive signs and returns this Agreement to
the Company; or (b) the end of the Transition Period. The 3.0% incentive will be calculated and paid based on revenues, capital, or monies
actually received by the Company on or before December 31, 2026. No incentive will be earned or paid for revenues, capital, or monies
that are received by the Company after that date. The incentive is not earned and will not be paid until after any revenues, capital,
or monies are received by the Company.

6.
Release by Executive. In consideration for the Separation Benefits referenced in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, Executive as well
as Executives heirs and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release, acquit and forever discharge the Company, all
its subsidiaries, parents, predecessors, successors, affiliates, investors, members, professional employer organizations (PEO), staffing
agencies, current and former employees, managing agents, servants, consultants, agents, directors, officers, shareholders, independent
contractors, representatives, insurers and reinsurers and attorneys (and the current and former servants, agents, employees, directors,
officers, shareholders, independent contractors, representatives, consultants, insurers, reinsurers and attorneys of any such subsidiaries,
parents, predecessors, successors, or affiliates, PEOs, or staffing agencies), and all persons acting by, through, under or in
concert with any of them, and each of their respective heirs, successors, and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to as Releasees
or Released Parties), or any of them, from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises,
agreements, controversies, damages, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses (including attorneys
fees and costs actually incurred) of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, filed or unfiled, in connection
with Executives employment with the Company or in his role as a director or other position for any of the Companys subsidiaries,
and/or including but not limited to, employment claims, rights arising out of alleged violations of any contracts, express or implied,
any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, express or implied, or any tort including defamation, or any legal restrictions on the Companys
right to hire, refusal to hire or terminate its employees, or any federal, state or other governmental statute, regulation or ordinance,
including, without limitation: (1) the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; (2) 42 U.S.C. 1981; (3) the California Fair Employment
and Housing Act (which Acts prohibit discrimination based upon race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, color, national origin,
disability, medical condition and marital status); (4) Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; (5) The Fair Labor Standards Act
(including Equal Pay Act); (6) the California and the United States Constitution; (7) The California Labor Code and the Private Attorney
General Act pursuant to Labor Code Section 2699, et seq; (including any and all provisions authorizing Executive to seek civil
penalties against the Company for wage-hour violations and/or relief under California Labor Code section 132(a)); (8) the California
Business and Professions Code Section 17200, et. seq.; (9) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended; (10) the Family
and Medical Leave Act; (11) the California Family Rights Act; (12) the Americans with Disabilities Act; (13) The California Pregnancy
Discrimination Act; (14) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; (15) The National Labor Relations Act; (16) the Immigration
Reform and Control Act; (17) the California Government Code; (18) The California Wage Orders; (19) the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967, as amended; (20) the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; (21) Californias Occupational Safety and
Health Act, or the Federal equivalent and (22) Families First Coronavirus Relief Act and/or (23) any other provision of federal, California
state, or local statutory or common law or regulation (including whistleblower claims, claims for personal injury, invasion of privacy,
negligent hiring, retention or supervision, defamation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress and/or mental anguish,
negligence, assault, battery, false imprisonment, retaliatory or wrongful discharge, and the like) (hereinafter collectively referred
to as Claim or Claims), which Executive now has, owns or holds, or claims to have, own or hold, or which
Executive at any time heretofore had, owned or held, or claimed to have, own or hold against any of the Releasees up to and including,
as of the Effective Date of this Agreement as set forth in paragraph 1B above.

4

Finally,
by executing this Agreement, Executive hereby releases Executives individual PAGA claims and hereby waives Executives right
to pursue non-individual representative PAGA claims including Executives right to represent the State in claiming civil penalties
for Labor Code violations that Executive claims Executive experienced or that any other employee claims to have experienced. Executive
recognizes that this Agreement waives Executives right to serve as a representative of the State in bringing a claim on behalf
of the State, and that it precludes Executive from bringing any claim for civil penalties on behalf of the State arising out of or related
to Executives application for employment, employment, or separation of employment with the Company.

Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding
conducted by the EEOC, NLRB, SEC or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive Executives
right to recover monetary damages or other relief in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

7.
Waiver of Section 1542. Executive hereby states that it is Executives intention in executing this Agreement that the same
shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand, cause of action, obligation, damage, liability, charge, attorneys
fees and costs herein above released. Executive hereby expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits, if any, arising under
the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California which provides:

Section
1542. A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her
favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the
debtor or released party.

5

8.
Non-Admission of Liability. The Parties agree that by entering into this Agreement, the Company does not admit, and specifically
denies, any violation of local, state, and federal law, common or statutory, and that this Agreement is neither an indication nor admission
of guilt or liability. The Parties agree that this Agreement has been entered into so as to fully, finally, and forever settle any disputes
that may now or hereafter relate to or arise out of the employment relationship between the Parties.

9.
Covenant to Return Company Property. Executive hereby represents and warrants that on or before the date of Executives
termination/resignation, Executive will return to the Company property and copies thereof in Executives custody, including, but
not limited to, company-issued keys, cell phone, the originals and copies of all business documents, computer software, print-outs, brochures,
product information, personnel records, confidential proprietary management information, trade secrets and any other document related
to the Company or its business.

10.
Covenant Not to Sue. Except as described below, Executive agrees and covenants not to file any suit, charge, representative action,
class action or complaint against Releasees in any court or administrative agency, with regard to any claim, demand, liability or obligation
arising out of Executives employment with the Company or separation therefrom. Executive further represents that no claims, complaints,
charges, or other proceedings are pending in any court, administrative agency, commission, or other forum relating directly or indirectly
to Executives employment with the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge
or assisting others in filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, the NLRB, the
SEC, other U.S. government agencies, or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive
Executives right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

11.
Confidentiality of the Amount of Separation Benefits. Executive represents and agrees that Executive has and will keep the amount
of the Separation Benefits under this Agreement completely confidential, and that Executive will not hereafter disclose any information
concerning the amount of the Separation Benefits under this Agreement to anyone; provided, however, that Executive may make such disclosure
to Executives immediate family members and professional representatives (e.g., attorneys, accountants, auditors, tax preparers).
If any disclosures are made as provided in this paragraph, each individual shall first be informed of and agree to be bound by this confidentiality
clause, or other such disclosures required by law to enforce this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing
or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive
has reason to believe is unlawful. Further, nothing in this Agreement prevents or restricts Executive from enforcing his Section 7 rights
under the National Labor Relations Act, participating in section 7 activity (including the right to communicate with former coworkers
and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of separation pay under this
Agreement) or other otherwise cooperating with the National Labor Relation Boards investigative process through investigation,
testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. The parties believe this confidentiality provision is reasonable and
intend to comply with it.

6

12.
Non-Disparagement. Executive and any other person or entity acting on Executives behalf agrees and promises that Executive
will not undertake any harassing or disparaging conduct directed at the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or
former members, officers, directors and/or employee, and that Executive will refrain from making any negative, detracting, derogatory,
and unfavorable statements about the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or former members, officers, directors
and/or employees. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace,
such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. This Section is not intended
to prevent cooperation through investigation, testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. This Section is also not
intended to prevent Executive from exercising any other rights protected by law, including the right to communicate with former coworkers
and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of separation pay under this
Agreement, when the communication is not so disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue as to lose the protection of the law.

13.
Liens or Assignments. Executive hereby agrees, represents and warrants that Executive shall have sole responsibility for the satisfaction
of any and all liens or assignments in law, equity, or otherwise, against any of the matters released herein, and that Executive will
fully satisfy all liens, if any, immediately upon receipt of the Separation Benefit referenced in Paragraph 2A of this Agreement. Executive
further represents, agrees and warrants that Executive shall defend Releasees, hold Releasees harmless from, and indemnify Releasees
from, any liabilities or costs which they may incur as a result of any liens of any nature and/or Executives failure to satisfy
any liens.

14.
Confidential Information / Trade Secrets. Executive acknowledges that, as part of Executives employment with the Company,
Executive had access to confidential information and otherwise information of a nature not generally disclosed to the public, and Executive
agrees to keep confidential and not disclose to anyone, the business, proprietary, and trade secret information in Executives
possession, as well as any personal, confidential, or otherwise proprietary information regarding the Companys employees, and/or
the Companys personnel practices and related matters. This obligation is understood to be in addition to, and not as any replacement
for, any agreements Executive may have signed with the Company concerning confidentiality, trade secrets, non-disclosure, non-solicitation,
and/or assignment of inventions or other intellectual property developments, which agreements will remain in full force and effect. Executive
agrees that Executive will not take, copy, use or distribute in any form or manner the Companys proprietary documents or information,
including, but not limited to, research and development materials, information regarding client lists and client contact information,
business partners, financial information, business and strategic plans, software programs and codes, access codes, and other similar
materials or information. Notwithstanding any provisions in this agreement or the Companys policy applicable to the unauthorized
use or disclosure of trade secrets, Executive is hereby notified that, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act as contained in 18 U.S.C.
1833, Executive cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of
a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also may not be held
so liable for such disclosures made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. In addition, individuals who file a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose
the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files
any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order provided the
individuals actions are consistent with 18 U.S.C. 1833.

7

15.
Indemnification. Executive is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the indemnification agreement previously entered into with
the Company, which obligations will survive the termination of Executives employment pursuant to the terms of the indemnification agreement.

16.
Attorneys Fees and Costs. The Company agrees to reimburse Executive up to $10,000 for negotiating the terms of this Agreement.
Aside from this reimbursement, the Parties agree that they will bear their own attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection
with this Agreement.

17.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of all the parties hereto who have executed it and supersedes any
and all other agreements, understandings, negotiations, or discussions, either oral or in writing, express or implied, between the parties
to this Agreement with the exception of any arbitration agreements, and/or policies governing Executives employment signed by
Executive during Executives employment or except the Companys Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
or any other confidentiality, non-disclosure, trade secret, and/or assignment of inventions and other intellectual property provisions
to which Executives employment was subject, which will remain in effect subsequent to the execution of this Agreement. The parties
to this Agreement each acknowledge that no representations, inducements, promises, agreements or warranties, oral or otherwise, have
been made by them, or anyone acting on their behalf, which are not embodied in this Agreement; that they have not executed this Agreement
in reliance on any representation, inducement, promise, agreements, warranty, fact or circumstances, not expressly set forth in this
Agreement; and that no representation, inducement, promise, agreement or warranty not contained in this Agreement including, but not
limited to, any purported settlements, modifications, waivers or terminations of this Agreement, shall be valid or binding, unless executed
in writing by all of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, and any provision herein waived, but only in writing,
signed by the party against whom such an amendment or waiver is sought to be enforced.

18.
Future Cooperation. Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the Company with respect to any investigations, legal proceedings,
or other matters which arose during or may arise after Executives employment with the Company. Executive agrees to remain available
to participate, and, if necessary, provide testimony in any such matters.

19.
Binding Nature. This Agreement, and all the terms and provisions contained herein, shall bind the heirs, personal representatives,
successors and assigns of each party, and inure to the benefit of each party, its agents, directors, officers, employees, servants, successors,
and assigns.

8

20.
Construction/Partial Invalidity. This Agreement shall not be construed in favor of one party or against the other. Should any
portion, word, clause, phrase, sentence, section, or paragraph of this Agreement be declared void or unenforceable, such portion shall
be considered independent and severable from the remainder, the validity of which shall remain unaffected.

21.
Waiver, Amendment and Modification of Agreement. The parties agree that no waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms
of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by all parties affected by the waiver, amendment or modification. No
waiver of any term, condition or default or any term of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other term, condition or
default.

22.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of California as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within California.

23.
Compliance with Terms. The failure to insist upon compliance with any term, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement
shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power contained
in this Agreement at any one time or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any other time or times.

24.
Enforcement Costs. The Company and Executive agree that in the event litigation is initiated by either party to this Agreement
to interpret or enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover legal costs and reasonable attorneys
fees incurred in connection with the litigation, in addition to any other relief granted. This Agreement shall be interpreted pursuant
to California law.

25.
Voluntary and Knowing. This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf
of the parties hereto.

26.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[THE
REST OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

9

27.
Full and Knowing Waiver and Attorney Review Period. Executive acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes written notice from
the Company that Executive has a right to consult an attorney regarding this Agreement, and that Executive has been provided with a reasonable
time period of not less than twenty-one (21) days to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive has fully discussed all aspects of
this Agreement with an attorney to the extent Executive desires to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive may sign this Agreement
prior to the termination of the twenty-one (21) day period for reviewing this Agreement, and warrants that any signature prior to the
end of this twenty-one (21) day period is knowing, voluntary, and has not been induced by the Company through fraud, misrepresentation,
a threat by the Company to withdraw or alter the Agreement prior to the expiration of the reasonable time period, or by the Company
providing different terms to other employees who sign a similar separation agreement prior to the expiration of such twenty-one (21)
day time period.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.

Dated: ________________ 

Allan Camaisa, Executive

Dated: ________________ Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Scott Leftwich

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into by and between Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware
Corporation, (the Company), and Eric Poma, Ph.D. (Executive), effective as of
April 22, 2025, (the Effective Date). The Company and Executive are collectively referred to herein
as the Parties.

Whereas
the Company desires to employ Executive on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, the parties agree as follows:

1.0
EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES.

(a) Positions
and Duties. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive shall be employed by the Company as the Chief Executive Officer
and perform such other duties as are customarily associated with this position and assigned to Executive by the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board). Executive shall report to the Board and shall perform Executives duties on a full-time
basis. This is an exempt position. Executive shall regularly work out of the Companys offices located in San Diego, California
targeting three (3) days per week when not otherwise traveling for Company work.

(b) At-Will
Employment. The Parties agree that Executives employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may
be terminated at any time with or without cause by either the Executive or the Company. Executive understands and agrees that neither
Executives job performance nor promotions, commendations, bonuses, severance, or the like from the Company give rise to or
in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of Executives employment
with the Company. The period of time that Employee remains employed with the Company will hereinafter be referred to as the Employment
Term.

(c) Obligations.
During the Employment Term, Executive will perform Executives duties faithfully and to the best of Executives ability
and will devote Executives full business efforts and time to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive
agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation, or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration
without the prior written approval of the Company through the Board. In the event that Executive wishes to undertake a business activity
outside the scope of Executives employment by the Company, which activity Executive believes entails no conflict with the
Companys activities, then Executive agrees to first inform the Company through the Board of Executives intentions prior
to the initiation of such outside business activity, and agrees to abide by the Companys decision as to whether it presents
a conflict of interest. If, in the Companys sole determination, a conflict exists or is likely to develop, Executive agrees
not to undertake such outside business activity. Executive further agrees to comply with all Company policies currently in existence
or that may be adopted by the Company during the Employment Term. Executive owes the Company a fiduciary duty of loyalty. While employed
by the Company, Executive agrees at all times to perform conscientiously all duties and obligations required or assigned, and not
to usurp, for personal gain, any opportunities in the Companys line of business.

2.0
COMPENSATION. The Company reserves the right to change compensation and benefits provided to its employees from time to time, at
its discretion. Executives compensation under this Agreement will be as follows:

a) BASE
SALARY. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay Executive an annual base salary of $535,000 as compensation for Executives
services (the Base Salary), which will be paid in accordance with the Companys customary payroll
practices. The Base Salary will be subject to review and adjustments may be made based upon the Companys normal performance
review practices.

b) ANNUAL
BONUS. During Executives Employment Term, Executive may be eligible to a earn an annual bonus of up to 50% of Executives
Base Salary at the sole discretion of the Board. In order to receive a bonus for any fiscal year, Executive must be employed by the
Company at the time of payment of such bonus. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that nothing contained herein confers upon
Executive any right to an annual bonus in any year, and that whether the Company pays Executive a bonus and the amount of any such
bonus will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The annual performance bonus shall be prorated for any partial year
of employment on the basis of a 365-day year.

c) BENEFITS.
During Executives Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the Companys executive benefit
plan, including medical, dental and vision. The Executive shall also be eligible for Life and AD&D insurance coverage. Voluntary
insurance for life, critical illness and accident is also available. Executive will also be eligible to participate in the Companys
401(k) program. In addition to Executives executive benefits, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all voluntary
employee benefit plans or programs the Company generally makes available to similarly situated employees, pursuant to the terms and
conditions of such plans. Nothing in this Agreement obligates the Company to adopt or continue any such plans, practices, payment
of Executives portion of premium payments or programs. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans,
payment of Executives portion of premium payments and programs it offers to its employees at any time.

Company
maintains a Director and Officers (D&O) insurance policy and Executive shall be added to such policy.

d) STOCK
OPTIONS. Upon approval by the Board, the Company shall grant Executive 726,412 options to purchase Company common stock at an
exercise price equal to the fair market value per share of the Companys common stock on the date of grant (the Stock
Options). Vesting of Stock Options will commence on the Effective Date (Vesting Commencement Date). The vesting
schedule shall have a one (1) year cliff wherein 25% shall vest upon the one (1) year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date,
and thereafter, 1/36th of the remaining shares subject to the Option shall vest on the last day of each one month period of Executives
service as an employee, so that all of the shares subject to the Option shall be vested on the fourth (4th) anniversary of the vesting
commencement date.

2

During
Executives Employment Term, Executive may be granted stock options or other equity incentive awards pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the applicable plan documents and award agreements as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. Executive
hereby acknowledges and agrees that nothing contained herein confers upon Executive any right to stock options or other equity incentive
awards or an obligation upon the Company to grant such stock options or other equity incentive awards under this provision.

e) PAID
TIME OFF. During Executives Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to paid time off (PTO) inclusive of Paid Sick
Leave, as required by law, and all holidays observed by the Company each year. The rate of PTO accrual will increase based on the
schedule illustrated in the Companys Employee Handbook.

f) WITHHOLDING.
All amounts payable to Executive will be subject to appropriate payroll deductions and withholdings.

3.0
EXPENSES. Executive will be entitled to reimbursement for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses which are incurred
by Executive in furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executives duties for the Company and in accordance with the
Companys expense reimbursement policy and practice. Executive must provide the Company with appropriate documentation of all such
business expenses incurred.

4.0
TERMINATION, RESIGNATION, SEVERANCE ELIGIBILITY AND SEVERANCE BENEFIT

4.1
Not Qualified for Severance Benefits. If (a) Executive is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in Section
4.2 below), or (b) Executive resigns without Good Reason (as defined in 4.5 below), then the Executive is not qualified
for Severance Benefits defined herein and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive other than the payment of base salary
earned through the last day of employment in accordance with Section 2(a), reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses and such
employee benefits to which Executive may be entitled under any employee benefit plans in which Executive is a participant (collectively
Accrued Amounts). All amounts payable by the Company under this section will be subject to all applicable withholdings.

4.2
Termination for Cause. The occurrence of any of the following shall be deemed to be Termination for Cause of the Executive:

(a)
Executives gross negligence or misconduct or willful or repeated failure or refusal to perform assigned duties;

(b)
Any material violation or breach by Executive of the Employee Handbook or other written policies;

(c)
Any act by Executive of misappropriation, theft and/or unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of
the Company;

(d)
Any act of fraud, embezzlement or material misappropriation or dishonesty committed by Executive against or involving the Company or
any of its respective affiliates;

(e)
Any material breach by Executive of this Agreement or any other agreement relating to Executives employment with the Company;
)

3

(f)
Executives conviction of or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony under the laws of the United States or
any state thereof or any crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude (or any similar crime in any jurisdiction outside the United States);

4.3
Termination as a Result of Death or Disability. Executives employment under this Agreement shall terminate automatically
upon the death of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means the inability of Executive to perform the
essential functions of Executives position for either (i) 90 consecutive calendar days or (ii) 180 calendar days during any 12-month
period by reason of physical or mental incapacity or impairment.

In
the event Executives employment is terminated due to death or Disability, the Company will pay to the Executives
estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be, the Accrued Amounts, in the manner required by applicable law.

4.4
Severance Eligibility. If Executive is terminated by the Company Without Cause or Executive resigns with Good
Reason or there is a Change in Control (CIC) due to a Merger or Acquisition (as defined in Section 4.6 below), Executive will
be eligible to receive severance benefits as defined in Section 4.7 below (Severance Benefits) conditioned upon all of the following:

(a)
Executive remains employed and in good standing with the Company up to the date of Executives termination without cause and does
not resign without good reason.

(b)
Executive executes a Severance Agreement and Release of All Claims as provided by the Company, without alteration or revocation (Severance
Agreement). A copy of the Severance Agreement will be provided in conjunction with this Agreement as Exhibit A. In general,
the Severance Agreement means Executive is releasing any and all claims Executive has or may have against the Company, whether those
claims are known or unknown, in exchange for additional compensation to Executive that Executive would not otherwise be entitled to receive;

(c)
Executive returns all Company property and documents in Executives possession, custody and control; and

(d)
Executive does not materially breach any of the restrictive covenants to which Executive is subject. If after Executives termination
of employment with the Company, the Company determines that Executive engaged in an act or omission that, if discovered during Executives
employment, would have entitled the Company to terminate Executives employment hereunder for Cause, Executive shall forfeit Executives
entitlement to the Severance Benefits to the extent not yet paid, and Executive shall be required to repay to the Company any Severance
Benefits that has been paid. For the avoidance of doubt, following any such forfeiture, Executive shall remain subject to the restrictions
set forth in Section 6.0 and any similar restrictions set forth in any other written agreement between Executive and any member of the
Company in accordance with their terms.

4.5
Resignation for Good Reason. The occurrence of any of the following shall be deemed to be Good Reason for the resignation
by the Executive:

(a)
Any material change in Executives position or title with the Company that materially reduces Executives authority, duties,
or responsibilities.

(b)
Any material reduction in the Executives Base Salary that is not substantially proportional to reductions in the base salaries
of the Companys other senior executives.

(c)
A relocation of Executives principal place of employment to a geographic location of more than 50 miles, provided that such relocation
is affected by the Company without Executives consent;

4

(d)
Any material breach by the Company of its obligations to Executive under this Agreement after written notice of no less than 60 days
from Executive to the Company to allow the Company reasonable time to cure.

Executive
cannot resign Executives employment for Good Reason unless Executive has provided written notice to the Company of the existence
of the circumstances providing grounds for resignation for Good Reason within 60 days of Executive obtaining knowledge of the initial
existence of such grounds and the Company has had at least 30 days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances.
If Executive does not resign Executives employment for Good Reason within 180 days after Executive obtains knowledge of the first
occurrence of the applicable grounds, then Executive will be deemed to have waived Executives right to terminate for Good Reason
with respect to such grounds.

4.6
Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control or CIC shall have the meaning
given to Corporate Transaction in the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan.

4.7
Severance Benefits. Subject to the conditions set forth above, Severance Benefits to which Executive will be eligible to receive,
in lieu of any severance benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any other severance plan or program, shall include
the following, as applicable:

(a)
Severance based on Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason: Executive shall receive nine (9) months
of monetary Severance Benefits at Executives Base Salary in installments in accordance with the Companys usual payroll
practices (and in any event no less frequently than semi-monthly), with the first installment commencing on the first payroll date that
is 60 days following the Effective date of the Severance Agreement as defined therein or, at the Companys sole discretion, in
a lump sum on the Companys first regularly scheduled payroll date following the Effective date of the Severance Agreement as defined
therein;

OR

(b)
Severance Based on Change in Control: Following the occurrence of a CIC, as defined in Section 4.6, Executive shall receive twenty-four
(24) months of monetary Severance Benefits at Executives Base Salary in a lump sum on the Companys first regularly scheduled
payroll date following the Effective date of the Severance Agreement as defined therein;

AND

(c)
COBRA Benefits: If Executive timely elects COBRA coverage for Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents who were
covered under the Companys health insurance plans as of the date of Executives termination or resignation of employment,
the Company shall reimburse Executive on a monthly basis (i) the amount equal to the monthly premium for up to 6 months of COBRA (if
the Severance is based on Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason) or (ii) the amount equal
to the monthly premium for up to 12 months of COBRA (if the Severance is based on a CIC). Executive acknowledges that commencing with
the 7th or 13th month of COBRA coverage, as applicable based on whether the severance is based on a termination
without Cause, a resignation for Good Reason or based on a CIC, Executive shall be solely responsible for the payment of
COBRA premiums. Executive agrees to notify the Company immediately upon obtaining alternative insurance coverage, at which time benefits
under this provision will cease immediately.

5

(d)
Stock Options: During Executives Employment Term, should Executive have been granted Stock Awards as part of the Executives
Compensation, then subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement, the applicable plan documents, and Board Approval, Executive may
be entitled to additional consideration as part of Executives Severance Benefits as follows:

(i)
Upon a CIC, 100% of Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards, if any, shall become fully vested or (ii) In the event Executive
is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive Resigns for Good Reason within ninety (90) days prior
to or within twelve (12) months following a CIC, 100% of Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards, if any, shall become fully
vested on the later of (a) the date of Executives termination of employment without cause, (b) the date of resignation by Executive
for Good Reason or (c) the date of the CIC. For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards means all stock
options, restricted stock and such other equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and equity incentive award
plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof.

4.8
Resignation from all Positions. On termination or resignation of Executives employment hereunder for any reason, Executive
shall immediately resign from any and all other positions or committees that Executive holds or is a member of with any member of the
Company, including as an officer or director and shall, in the absence of further action, be deemed to have so resigned from all such
positions.

5.0
SECTION 409. To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder.
To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall
be read in such a manner that no payments payable under this Agreement shall be subject to an additional tax as defined
in Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments under this
Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to Executives
termination of employment shall mean Executives separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(h)). If Executive is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), as determined by the
Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, on the date of Executives termination of employment, to the extent that the
payments or benefits under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A of the Code and the delayed payment or distribution of all or any
portion of such amounts to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then such portion deferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid or distributed to Executive
in a lump sum on the earlier of (a) the date that is six months and one day following Executives separation from service
(as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), (b) the date of Executives death or (c) the earliest date as is permitted
under Section 409A of the Code. Any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

6

6.0
COMPANY POLICIES AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT.
As an employee of the Company, Executive shall be expected to abide
by all of the Companys policies and procedures and the Companys employee handbook. As a condition of Executives
continued employment, Executive agrees to execute and abide by the terms of the Companys Employee Proprietary Information and
Inventions Agreement, which shall survive termination of Executives employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement.
Executive acknowledges that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of the Employee Proprietary
Information and Inventions Agreement would be inadequate, and Executive therefore agrees that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive
relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach. The Company may modify, revoke, suspend or terminate any of the terms, plans,
policies and/or procedures described in the employee handbook, if any, or as otherwise communicated to Executive, in whole or part, at
any time, with or without notice.

7.0
EMPLOYMENT TERMS. This Agreement and Executives employment with the Company are contingent upon satisfactory completion of
all required reference and background checks. As a condition to Executives employment with the Company, Executive is required
to (a) sign and return a satisfactory I-9 Immigration form providing sufficient documentation establishing Executives employment
eligibility in the United States, (b) provide satisfactory proof of your identity as required by United States law, (c) complete the
standard D&O questionnaire, and (d) execute all onboarding paperwork, such as signing the Companys Employee Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement and the acknowledgement of the employee handbook.

8.0
OTHER AGREEMENTS. Executive represents and agrees that Executives performance of Executives duties for the Company
shall not violate any agreements, obligations or understandings that Executive may have with any third party or prior employer. Executive
agrees not to make any unauthorized disclosure or use, on behalf of the Company, of any confidential information belonging to any of
Executives former employers. Executive also represents that Executive is not in unauthorized possession of any materials containing
a third partys confidential and proprietary information. Subject to the provisions in Section 1.0 (c) related to conflicts, Executive
will not engage in any business activity in direct competition with the Company.

9.0
DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Unless otherwise prohibited by law or specified below, all disputes, claims and causes of action, in law or equity,
arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation shall be resolved solely and exclusively
by final and binding arbitration held in San Diego County, California through Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services/Endispute
(JAMS) or Judicate West under their then existing arbitration rules. In this regard, Executive agrees to sign the Companys
California Dispute Resolution Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated by reference as though fully set forth herein.

10.0
SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any
other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provisions had never been contained herein.

11.0
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company,
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that Executive may not assign any of Executives
duties hereunder and Executive may not assign any of Executives rights hereunder, without the written consent of the Company,
which shall not be withheld unreasonably.

7

12.0
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and Exhibits, as well as any forms required to be executed by Executive in relation to the Companys
policies, including but not limited to the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, and the Employee Handbook, constitute
the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with respect to the terms and
conditions of Executives employment specified herein and therein.

This
Agreement and Exhibits supersede any prior Employment Agreement(s) entered into between Executive and the Company. This Agreement may
not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

13.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard
to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

If
Executive chooses to accept this Agreement under the terms described above, please acknowledge Executives acceptance by returning
a signed copy of this letter, the attached Exhibits A and B, and the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement to our attention.

Sincerely, 

Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

Scott Leftwich Date

Vice-Chairman of the Board 

Agreed
and Accepted:

Executive
has read and understood this Agreement and hereby acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to the terms as set forth above.

Eric Poma, Ph.D. Date 

8

EXHIBIT
A

SEVERANCE
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (Over 40)

This
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.
(Company) and Eric Poma, Ph.D. (Executive) (collectively referred to as the Parties) on the
terms and conditions set forth below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Executive [was terminated] [resigned] from his/her employment relationship with the Company;

WHEREAS,
The Company desires to provide certain consideration to Executive in exchange for the mutual promises and agreements contained herein,
including Executives agreement to release all claims against the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of and exchange for the promises, covenants, and releases contained herein, the Parties mutually agree as
follows:

1.
Effective Dates.

A. Effective
Date of Termination/Resignation. Executives separation from all positions Executive holds with the Company shall be effective
on DATE, (Termination/Resignation Date) and all Executives duties ceased at that time.

B. Effective
Date of Agreement. This Agreement shall be effective as provided in the following acknowledgement: Acknowledgment of Rights
and Waiver of Claims Under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA). Executive acknowledges that Executive
is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA).
Executive also acknowledges that the consideration given for the waiver and release in the following paragraph is in addition to
anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been advised by this
writing, as required by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, that: (i) Executives waiver and release does not
apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the Effective Date (defined below) of this Agreement; (ii) Executive should consult
with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (iii) Executive has at least twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement
(although Executive may by her own choice execute this Agreement earlier); (iv) Executive has seven (7) days following the execution
of this Agreement by the parties to revoke the Agreement; and (v) this Agreement shall not be effective until the date upon which
the revocation period has expired (Effective Date). Executive may revoke this Release only by giving the Company formal,
written notice of Executives revocation of this Release, to Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Jackson at 4475 Executive Drive,
Suite 200, San Diego, CA 82121, to be received by the Company by the close of business on the seventh (7th) day following
Executives execution of this Release.

2.
Severance Benefits. In further consideration for this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits,
which exceed the benefits to which Executive would be entitled absent Executives agreement to the covenants, conditions, and terms
set forth in this Agreement:

A. Severance Payment.

Commencing
on the first regular payroll date following the Effective Date of the Agreement and for a period of X months, the Company will pay Executive
severance pay in the form of compensation continuation. The total amount of severance pay will be $ XXXX .The
severance payments shall be made pursuant to the Companys regular and customary payroll schedule, less all regular and customary
payroll withholdings. If the first or last payroll period is a partial period due to date of termination/resignation, payments in those
pay periods will be pro-rated. At the Companys sole discretion, may pay Executive in a lump sum severance payment.

B. Benefits.

IF
SALARY CONTINUATION: Executives benefits will continue for the same period as the salary continuation described above (i.e. up
to and including______________ ) subject to the provisions and terms of the current applicable Plan Documents.

IF
LUMP SUM: The Company shall pay Executives COBRA premiums for ______months, if Executive timely elects COBRA coverage. Executive
acknowledges that commencing with the_________ month of COBRA coverage, Executive shall be solely responsible for the payment of COBRA
premiums. Executive agrees to notify Employer immediately upon obtaining alternative insurance coverage.

C. Accelerated
Vesting of Stock Options. Upon a Corporate Transaction (also known as a change in control) as defined in the Companys
2023 Equity Incentive Plan, and conditioned upon Executive having been granted Stock Awards as part of the Executives Compensation,
and notwithstanding any term of any Agreement (as defined in the Plan) between Executive and the Company to the contrary, 100% of
Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards shall become fully vested. For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards
means all stock options, restricted stock and such other equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and equity
incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof.

9

E. Employment
References. Executive agrees to direct all reference requests to the Companys Human Resources Department. In response
to any such inquiry, the Company shall make a reasonable effort to disclose no more than, (i) dates of Executives employment;
and (ii) Executives last position held.

F. Timing.
Executive will not be entitled to the Severance Benefits provided herein until the occurrence of each of the following: (i) this
Agreement is fully executed by the Parties hereto; and (ii) this Agreement becomes Effective as provided in paragraph 1B, above.

3.
Acknowledgments. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Severance Payment is not required by the Companys policies
and procedures or otherwise and hereby agrees that as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive has timely received all wages
and other compensation or remuneration of any kind due or owed from the Company, including but not limited to all wages, penalties, commissions,
bonuses, advances, vacation pay, and any other incentive-based compensation as well as all non-economic and non-compensatory damages
to which Executive is or may become entitled or eligible, and that the Company shall owe Executive nothing further once Executive receives
the Severance Payment set forth in paragraph 2A, above. Employee agrees that California Labor Code section 206.5 is not applicable because
there is a good faith dispute as to whether the Company owes Executive any wages. Section 206.5 provides, in pertinent part, as follows:
An employer shall not require the execution of a release of claim right on account of wages due, or to become due, or made as
an advance on wages to be earned, unless payment of those wages has been made. Executive further acknowledges that Executive would
not otherwise be entitled to the consideration set forth in this section were it not for the covenants, promises, and releases set forth
hereunder.

4.
Release by Executive. In consideration for the Severance Benefits referenced in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, Executive as well
as Executives heirs and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release, acquit and forever discharge the Company, all
its subsidiaries, parents, predecessors, successors, affiliates, investors, members, professional employer organizations (PEO), staffing
agencies, current and former employees, managing agents, servants, consultants, agents, directors, officers, independent contractors,
representatives, insurers and reinsurers and attorneys (and the current and former servants, agents, employees, directors, officers,
independent contractors, representatives, consultants, insurers, reinsurers and attorneys of any such subsidiaries, parents, predecessors,
successors, or affiliates, PEOs, or staffing agencies), and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them,
and each of their respective heirs, successors, and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to as Releasees or Released
Parties), or any of them, from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies,
damages, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses (including attorneys fees and costs
actually incurred) of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, filed or unfiled, in connection with Executives
employment with the Company, and/or including but not limited to, employment claims, rights arising out of alleged violations of any
contracts, express or implied, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, express or implied, or any tort including defamation, or
any legal restrictions on the Companys right to hire, refusal to hire or terminate its employees, or any federal, state or other
governmental statute, regulation or ordinance, including, without limitation: (1) the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; (2) 42 U.S.C.
1981; (3) the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (which Acts prohibit discrimination based upon race, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, age, color, national origin, disability, medical condition and marital status); (4) Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act
of 1973; (5) The Fair Labor Standards Act (including Equal Pay Act); (6) the California and the United States Constitution; (7) The California
Labor Code and the Private Attorney General Act pursuant to Labor Code Section 2699, et seq; (including any and all provisions
authorizing Executive to seek civil penalties against the Company for wage-hour violations and/or relief under California Labor Code
section 132(a)); (8) the California Business and Professions Code Section 17200, et. seq.; (9) the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act, as amended; (10) the Family and Medical Leave Act; (11) the California Family Rights Act; (12) the Americans with Disabilities
Act; (13) The California Pregnancy Discrimination Act; (14) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; (15) The National
Labor Relations Act; (16) the Immigration Reform and Control Act; (17) the California Government Code; (18) The California Wage Orders;
(19) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; (20) the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; (21) Californias
Occupational Safety and Health Act, or the Federal equivalent and (22) Families First Coronavirus Relief Act and/or (23) any other provision
of federal, California state, or local statutory or common law or regulation (including whistleblower claims, claims for personal injury,
invasion of privacy, negligent hiring, retention or supervision, defamation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress
and/or mental anguish, negligence, assault, battery, false imprisonment, retaliatory or wrongful discharge, and the like) (hereinafter
collectively referred to as Claim or Claims), which Executive now has, owns or holds, or claims to have,
own or hold, or which Executive at any time heretofore had, owned or held, or claimed to have, own or hold against any of the Releasees
up to and including, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement as set forth in paragraph 1B above.

10

Finally,
by executing this Agreement, Executive hereby releases Executives individual PAGA claims and hereby waives Executives right
to pursue non-individual representative PAGA claims including Executives right to represent the State in claiming civil penalties
for Labor Code violations that Executive claims Executive experienced or that any other employee claims to have experienced. Executive
recognizes that this Agreement waives Executives right to serve as a representative of the State in bringing a claim on behalf
of the State, and that it precludes Executive from bringing any claim for civil penalties on behalf of the State arising out of or related
to Executives application for employment, employment, or separation of employment with the Company.

Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding
conducted by the EEOC, NLRB, SEC or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive Executives
right to recover monetary damages or other relief in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

5.
Waiver of Section 1542. Executive hereby states that it is Executives intention in executing this Agreement that the same
shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand, cause of action, obligation, damage, liability, charge, attorneys
fees and costs herein above released. Executive hereby expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits, if any, arising under
the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California which provides:

Section
1542. A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her
favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the
debtor or released party.

6.
Non-Admission of Liability. The Parties agree that by entering into this Agreement, the Company does not admit, and specifically
denies, any violation of local, state, and federal law, common or statutory, and that this Agreement is neither an indication nor admission
of guilt or liability. The Parties agree that this Agreement has been entered into so as to fully, finally, and forever settle any disputes
that may now or hereafter relate to or arise out of the employment relationship between the Parties.

7.
Covenant to Return Company Property. Executive hereby represents and warrants that on or before the date of Executives
termination/resignation, Executive will return to the Company property and copies thereof in Executives custody, including, but
not limited to, company-issued keys, cell phone, the originals and copies of all business documents, computer software, print-outs, brochures,
product information, personnel records, confidential proprietary management information, trade secrets and any other document related
to the Company or its business.

8.
Covenant Not to Sue. Except as described below, Executive agrees and covenants not to file any suit, charge, representative action,
class action or complaint against Releasees in any court or administrative agency, with regard to any claim, demand, liability or obligation
arising out of Executives employment with the Company or separation therefrom. Executive further represents that no claims, complaints,
charges, or other proceedings are pending in any court, administrative agency, commission, or other forum relating directly or indirectly
to Executives employment with the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge
or assisting others in filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, the NLRB, the
SEC, other U.S. government agencies, or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive
Executives right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

11

9.
Confidentiality of the Amount of Severance Benefits. Executive represents and agrees that Executive has and will keep the amount
of the Severance Benefits under this Agreement completely confidential, and that Executive will not hereafter disclose any information
concerning the amount of the Severance Benefits under this Agreement to anyone; provided, however, that Executive may make such disclosure
to Executives immediate family members and professional representatives (e.g., attorneys, accountants, auditors, tax preparers).
If any disclosures are made as provided in this paragraph, each individual shall first be informed of and agree to be bound by this confidentiality
clause, or other such disclosures required by law to enforce this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing
or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive
has reason to believe is unlawful. Further, nothing in this Agreement prevents or restricts Executive from enforcing his or her Section
7 rights under the National Labor Relations Act, participating in section 7 activity (including the right to communicate with former
coworkers and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of severance pay under
this Agreement) or other otherwise cooperating with the National Labor Relation Boards investigative process through investigation,
testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. The parties believe this confidentiality provision is reasonable and
intend to comply with it.

10.
Non-Disparagement. Executive and any other person or entity acting on Executives behalf agrees and promises that Executive
will not undertake any harassing or disparaging conduct directed at the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or
former members, officers, directors and/or employee, and that Executive will refrain from making any negative, detracting, derogatory,
and unfavorable statements about the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or former members, officers, directors
and/or employees. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace,
such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. This Section is not intended
to prevent cooperation through investigation, testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. This Section is also not
intended to prevent Executive from exercising any other rights protected by law, including the right to communicate with former coworkers
and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of severance pay under this
Agreement, when the communication is not so disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue as to lose the protection of the law.

11.
Liens or Assignments. Executive hereby agrees, represents and warrants that Executive shall have sole responsibility for the satisfaction
of any and all liens or assignments in law, equity, or otherwise, against any of the matters released herein, and that Executive will
fully satisfy all liens, if any, immediately upon receipt of the Severance Benefit referenced in Paragraph 2A of this Agreement. Executive
further represents, agrees and warrants that Executive shall defend Releasees, hold Releasees harmless from, and indemnify Releasees
from, any liabilities or costs which they may incur as a result of any liens of any nature and/or Executives failure to satisfy
any liens.

12

12.
Confidential Information / Trade Secrets. Executive acknowledges that, as part of Executives employment with the Company,
Executive had access to confidential information and otherwise information of a nature not generally disclosed to the public, and Executive
agrees to keep confidential and not disclose to anyone, the business, proprietary, and trade secret information in Executives
possession, as well as any personal, confidential, or otherwise proprietary information regarding the Companys employees, and/or
the Companys personnel practices and related matters. This obligation is understood to be in addition to, and not as any replacement
for, any agreements Executive may have signed with the Company concerning confidentiality, trade secrets, non-disclosure, non-solicitation,
and/or assignment of inventions or other intellectual property developments, which agreements will remain in full force and effect. Executive
agrees that Executive will not take, copy, use or distribute in any form or manner the Companys proprietary documents or information,
including, but not limited to, research and development materials, information regarding client lists and client contact information,
business partners, financial information, business and strategic plans, software programs and codes, access codes, and other similar
materials or information. Notwithstanding any provisions in this agreement or the Companys policy applicable to the unauthorized
use or disclosure of trade secrets, Executive is hereby notified that, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act as contained in 18 U.S.C.
1833, Executive cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of
a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also may not be held
so liable for such disclosures made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. In addition, individuals who file a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose
the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files
any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order provided the
individuals actions are consistent with 18

U.S.C.
1833.

13.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of all the parties hereto who have executed it and supersedes any
and all other agreements, understandings, negotiations, or discussions, either oral or in writing, express or implied, between the parties
to this Agreement with the exception of any arbitration agreements, and/or policies governing Executives employment signed by
Executive during Executives employment or except the Companys Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
or any other confidentiality, non-disclosure, trade secret, and/or assignment of inventions and other intellectual property provisions
to which Executives employment was subject, which will remain in effect subsequent to the execution of this Agreement. The parties
to this Agreement each acknowledge that no representations, inducements, promises, agreements or warranties, oral or otherwise, have
been made by them, or anyone acting on their behalf, which are not embodied in this Agreement; that they have not executed this Agreement
in reliance on any representation, inducement, promise, agreements, warranty, fact or circumstances, not expressly set forth in this
Agreement; and that no representation, inducement, promise, agreement or warranty not contained in this Agreement including, but not
limited to, any purported settlements, modifications, waivers or terminations of this Agreement, shall be valid or binding, unless executed
in writing by all of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, and any provision herein waived, but only in writing,
signed by the party against whom such an amendment or waiver is sought to be enforced.

13

14.
Future Cooperation. Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the Company with respect to any investigations, legal proceedings,
or other matters which arose during or may arise after Executives employment with the Company. Executive agrees to remain available
to participate, and, if necessary, provide testimony in any such matters.

15.
Binding Nature. This Agreement, and all the terms and provisions contained herein, shall bind the heirs, personal representatives,
successors and assigns of each party, and inure to the benefit of each party, its agents, directors, officers, employees, servants, successors,
and assigns.

16.
Construction/Partial Invalidity. This Agreement shall not be construed in favor of one party or against the other. Should any
portion, word, clause, phrase, sentence, section, or paragraph of this Agreement be declared void or unenforceable, such portion shall
be considered independent and severable from the remainder, the validity of which shall remain unaffected.

17.
Waiver, Amendment and Modification of Agreement. The parties agree that no waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms
of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by all parties affected by the waiver, amendment or modification. No
waiver of any term, condition or default or any term of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other term, condition or
default.

18.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of California as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within California.

19.
Compliance with Terms. The failure to insist upon compliance with any term, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement
shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power contained
in this Agreement at any one time or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any other time or times.

20.
Enforcement Costs. The Company and Executive agree that in the event litigation is initiated by either party to this Agreement
to interpret or enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover legal costs and reasonable attorneys
fees incurred in connection with the litigation, in addition to any other relief granted. This Agreement shall be interpreted pursuant
to California law.

14

21.
Voluntary and Knowing. This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf
of the parties hereto.

22.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

23.
Full and Knowing Waiver and Attorney Review Period. Executive acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes written notice from
the Company that Executive has a right to consult an attorney regarding this Agreement, and that Executive has been provided with a reasonable
time period of not less than twenty-one (21) days to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive has fully discussed all aspects of
this Agreement with an attorney to the extent Executive desires to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive may sign this Agreement
prior to the termination of the twenty-one (21) day period for reviewing this Agreement, and warrants that any signature prior to the
end of this twenty-one (21) day period is knowing, voluntary, and has not been induced by the Company through fraud, misrepresentation,
a threat by the Company to withdraw or alter the Agreement prior to the expiration of the reasonable time period, or by the Company providing
different terms to other employees who sign a similar severance or separation agreement prior to the expiration of such twenty-one (21)
day time period.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.

Dated: 

Eric Poma, Ph.D., Executive

Dated: Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Scott Leftwich

15

EXHIBIT
A

SEVERANCE
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (Under 40)

This
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Calidi Biotherapeutics,
Inc. (Company) and Eric Poma, Ph.D (Executive) (collectively referred to as the Parties)
on the terms and conditions set forth below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Executive [was terminated] [resigned] from his/her employment relationship with the Company;

WHEREAS,
The Company desires to provide certain consideration to Executive in exchange for the mutual promises and agreements contained herein,
including Executives agreement to release all claims against the the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of and exchange for the promises, covenants, and releases contained herein, the Parties mutually agree as
follows:

1.
Effective Date of Termination/Resignation. Executives separation from all positions Executive holds with the Company shall
be effective on DATE, (Termination/Resignation Date) and all Executives duties ceased at that time.

2.
Severance Benefits. In further consideration for this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits,
which exceed the benefits to which Executive would be entitled absent Executives agreement to the covenants, conditions, and terms
set forth in this Agreement:

A. Severance
Payment.

Commencing
on the first regular payroll date following the Effective Date of the Agreement and for a period of X months, the Company will pay Executive
severance pay in the form of compensation continuation. The total amount of severance pay will be $ XXXX 
. The severance payments shall be made pursuant to the Companys regular and customary payroll schedule, less all regular and customary
payroll withholdings. If the first or last payroll period is a partial period due to date of termination/resignation, payments in those
pay periods will be pro-rated. At the Companys sole discretion, may pay Executive in a lump sum severance payment.

16

B. Benefits.

IF
SALARY CONTINUATION: Executives benefits will continue for the same period as the salary continuation described above (i.e. up
to and including ) subject to the provisions and terms of the current applicable Plan Documents.

IF
LUMP SUM: The Company shall pay Executives COBRA premiums for months, if Executive timely elects COBRA coverage. Executive acknowledges
that commencing with the month of COBRA coverage, Executive shall be solely responsible for the payment of COBRA premiums. Executive
agrees to notify Employer immediately upon obtaining alternative insurance coverage.

C. Accelerated
Vesting of Stock Options. Upon a Corporate Transaction (also known as a change in control) as defined in the Companys
2023 Equity Incentive Plan, and conditioned upon Executive having been granted Stock Awards as part of the Executives Compensation,
and notwithstanding any term of any Agreement (as defined in the Plan) between Executive and the Company to the contrary, 100% of
Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards shall become fully vested. For purposes of this Agreement, Stock Awards
means all stock options, restricted stock and such other equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and equity
incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof.

E. Employment
References. Executive agrees to direct all reference requests to the Companys Human Resources Department. In response
to any such inquiry, the Company shall make a reasonable effort to disclose no more than, (i) dates of Executives employment;
and (ii) Executives last position held.

F. Timing.
Executive will not be entitled to the Severance Benefits provided herein until this Agreement is fully executed by the Parties herein.

3.
Acknowledgments. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Severance Payment is not required by the Companys policies
and procedures or otherwise and hereby agrees that as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive has timely received all wages
and other compensation or remuneration of any kind due or owed from the Company, including but not limited to all wages, penalties, commissions,
bonuses, advances, vacation pay, and any other incentive-based compensation as well as all non-economic and non-compensatory damages
to which Executive is or may become entitled or eligible, and that the Company shall owe Executive nothing further once Executive receives
the Severance Payment set forth in paragraph 2A, above. Employee agrees that California Labor Code section 206.5 is not applicable because
there is a good faith dispute as to whether the Company owes Executive any wages. Section 206.5 provides, in pertinent part, as follows:
An employer shall not require the execution of a release of claim right on account of wages due, or to become due, or made as
an advance on wages to be earned, unless payment of those wages has been made. Executive further acknowledges that Executive would
not otherwise be entitled to the consideration set forth in this section were it not for the covenants, promises, and releases set forth
hereunder.

17

4.
Release by Executive. In consideration for the Severance Benefits referenced in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, Executive as well
as Executives heirs and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release, acquit and forever discharge the Company, all
its subsidiaries, parents, predecessors, successors, affiliates, investors, members, professional employer organizations (PEO), staffing
agencies, current and former employees, managing agents, servants, consultants, agents, directors, officers, independent contractors,
representatives, insurers and reinsurers and attorneys (and the current and former servants, agents, employees, directors, officers,
independent contractors, representatives, consultants, insurers, reinsurers and attorneys of any such subsidiaries, parents, predecessors,
successors, or affiliates, PEOs, or staffing agencies), and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them,
and each of their respective heirs, successors, and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to as Releasees or Released
Parties), or any of them, from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies,
damages, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses (including attorneys fees and costs
actually incurred) of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, filed or unfiled, in connection with Executives
employment with the Company, and/or including but not limited to, employment claims, rights arising out of alleged violations of any
contracts, express or implied, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, express or implied, or any tort including defamation, or
any legal restrictions on the Companys right to hire, refusal to hire or terminate its employees, or any federal, state or other
governmental statute, regulation or ordinance, including, without limitation: (1) the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; (2) 42 U.S.C.
1981; (3) the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (which Acts prohibit discrimination based upon race, religion, sex, sexual
orientation, age, color, national origin, disability, medical condition and marital status); (4) Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act
of 1973; (5) The Fair Labor Standards Act (including Equal Pay Act); (6) the California and the United States Constitution; (7) The California
Labor Code and the Private Attorney General Act pursuant to Labor Code Section 2699, et seq; (including any and all provisions
authorizing Executive to seek civil penalties against the Company for wage-hour violations and/or relief under California Labor Code
section 132(a)); (8) the California Business and Professions Code Section 17200, et. seq.; (9) the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act, as amended; (10) the Family and Medical Leave Act; (11) the California Family Rights Act; (12) the Americans with Disabilities
Act; (13) The California Pregnancy Discrimination Act; (14) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; (15) The National
Labor Relations Act; (16) the Immigration Reform and Control Act; (17) the California Government Code; (18) The California Wage Orders;
(19) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; (20) the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; (21) Californias
Occupational Safety and Health Act, or the Federal equivalent and (22) Families First Coronavirus Relief Act and/or (23) any other provision
of federal, California state, or local statutory or common law or regulation (including whistleblower claims, claims for personal injury,
invasion of privacy, negligent hiring, retention or supervision, defamation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress
and/or mental anguish, negligence, assault, battery, false imprisonment, retaliatory or wrongful discharge, and the like) (hereinafter
collectively referred to as Claim or Claims), which Executive now has, owns or holds, or claims to have,
own or hold, or which Executive at any time heretofore had, owned or held, or claimed to have, own or hold against any of the Releasees
up to and including the date the Parties have fully executed this Agreement.

Finally,
by executing this Agreement, Executive hereby releases Executives individual PAGA claims and hereby waives Executives right
to pursue non-individual representative PAGA claims including Executives right to represent the State in claiming civil penalties
for Labor Code violations that Executive claims Executive experienced or that any other employee claims to have experienced. Executive
recognizes that this Agreement waives Executives right to serve as a representative of the State in bringing a claim on behalf
of the State, and that it precludes Executive from bringing any claim for civil penalties on behalf of the State arising out of or related
to Executives application for employment, employment, or separation of employment with the Company.

Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding
conducted by the EEOC, NLRB, SEC or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive Executives
right to recover monetary damages or other relief in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

5.
Waiver of Section 1542. Executive hereby states that it is Executives intention in executing this Agreement that the same
shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand, cause of action, obligation, damage, liability, charge, attorneys
fees and costs herein above released. Executive hereby expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits, if any, arising under
the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California which provides:

Section
1542. A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her
favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the
debtor or released party.

6.
Non-Admission of Liability. The Parties agree that by entering into this Agreement, the Company does not admit, and specifically
denies, any violation of local, state, and federal law, common or statutory, and that this Agreement is neither an indication nor admission
of guilt or liability. The Parties agree that this Agreement has been entered into so as to fully, finally, and forever settle any disputes
that may now or hereafter relate to or arise out of the employment relationship between the Parties.

18

7.
Covenant to Return Company Property. Executive hereby represents and warrants that on or before the date of Executives
termination/resignation, Executive will return to the Company property and copies thereof in Executives custody, including, but
not limited to, company-issued keys, cell phone, the originals and copies of all business documents, computer software, print-outs, brochures,
product information, personnel records, confidential proprietary management information, trade secrets and any other document related
to the Company or its business.

2.
Covenant Not to Sue. Except as described below, Executive agrees and covenants not to file any suit, charge, representative action,
class action or complaint against Releasees in any court or administrative agency, with regard to any claim, demand, liability or obligation
arising out of Executives employment with the Company or separation therefrom. Executive further represents that no claims, complaints,
charges, or other proceedings are pending in any court, administrative agency, commission, or other forum relating directly or indirectly
to Executives employment with the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge
or assisting others in filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, the NLRB, the
SEC, other U.S. government agencies, or a comparable state or local agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to waive
Executives right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on Executives
behalf.

9.
Confidentiality of the Amount of Severance Benefits. Executive represents and agrees that Executive has and will keep the amount
of the Severance Benefits under this Agreement completely confidential, and that Executive will not hereafter disclose any information
concerning the amount of the Severance Benefits under this Agreement to anyone; provided, however, that Executive may make such disclosure
to Executives immediate family members and professional representatives (e.g., attorneys, accountants, auditors, tax preparers).
If any disclosures are made as provided in this paragraph, each individual shall first be informed of and agree to be bound by this confidentiality
clause, or other such disclosures required by law to enforce this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing
or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive
has reason to believe is unlawful. Further, nothing in this Agreement prevents or restricts Executive from enforcing his or her Section
7 rights under the National Labor Relations Act, participating in section 7 activity (including the right to communicate with former
coworkers and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of severance pay under
this Agreement) or other otherwise cooperating with the National Labor Relation Boards investigative process through investigation,
testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. The parties believe this confidentiality provision is reasonable and
intend to comply with it.

10.
Non-Disparagement. Executive and any other person or entity acting on Executives behalf agrees and promises that Executive
will not undertake any harassing or disparaging conduct directed at the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or
former members, officers, directors and/or employee, and that Executive will refrain from making any negative, detracting, derogatory,
and unfavorable statements about the Company or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, current or former members, officers, directors
and/or employees. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace,
such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. This Section is not intended
to prevent cooperation through investigation, testimony, or otherwise with an administrative agency or court. This Section is also not
intended to prevent Executive from exercising any other rights protected by law, including the right to communicate with former coworkers
and/or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, unrelated to the amount of severance pay under this
Agreement, when the communication is not so disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue as to lose the protection of the law.

19

11.
Liens or Assignments. Executive hereby agrees, represents and warrants that Executive shall have sole responsibility for the satisfaction
of any and all liens or assignments in law, equity, or otherwise, against any of the matters released herein, and that Executive will
fully satisfy all liens, if any, immediately upon receipt of the Severance Benefit referenced in Paragraph 2A of this Agreement. Executive
further represents, agrees and warrants that Executive shall defend Releasees, hold Releasees harmless from, and indemnify Releasees
from, any liabilities or costs which they may incur as a result of any liens of any nature and/or Executives failure to satisfy
any liens.

12.
Confidential Information / Trade Secrets. Executive acknowledges that, as part of Executives employment with the Company,
Executive had access to confidential information and otherwise information of a nature not generally disclosed to the public, and Executive
agrees to keep confidential and not disclose to anyone, the business, proprietary, and trade secret information in Executives
possession, as well as any personal, confidential, or otherwise proprietary information regarding the Companys employees, and/or
the Companys personnel practices and related matters. This obligation is understood to be in addition to, and not as any replacement
for, any agreements Executive may have signed with the Company concerning confidentiality, trade secrets, non-disclosure, non-solicitation,
and/or assignment of inventions or other intellectual property developments, which agreements will remain in full force and effect. Executive
agrees that Executive will not take, copy, use or distribute in any form or manner the Companys proprietary documents or information,
including, but not limited to, research and development materials, information regarding client lists and client contact information,
business partners, financial information, business and strategic plans, software programs and codes, access codes, and other similar
materials or information. Notwithstanding any provisions in this agreement or the Companys policy applicable to the unauthorized
use or disclosure of trade secrets, Executive is hereby notified that, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act as contained in 18 U.S.C.
1833, Executive cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of
a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also may not be held
so liable for such disclosures made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. In addition, individuals who file a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose
the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files
any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order provided the
individuals actions are consistent with 18

U.S.C.
1833.

13.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of all the parties hereto who have executed it and supersedes any
and all other agreements, understandings, negotiations, or discussions, either oral or in writing, express or implied, between the parties
to this Agreement with the exception of any arbitration agreements, and/or policies governing Executives employment signed by
Executive during Executives employment or except the Companys Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
or any other confidentiality, non-disclosure, trade secret, and/or assignment of inventions and other intellectual property provisions
to which Executives employment was subject, which will remain in effect subsequent to the execution of this Agreement. The parties
to this Agreement each acknowledge that no representations, inducements, promises, agreements or warranties, oral or otherwise, have
been made by them, or anyone acting on their behalf, which are not embodied in this Agreement; that they have not executed this Agreement
in reliance on any representation, inducement, promise, agreements, warranty, fact or circumstances, not expressly set forth in this
Agreement; and that no representation, inducement, promise, agreement or warranty not contained in this Agreement including, but not
limited to, any purported settlements, modifications, waivers or terminations of this Agreement, shall be valid or binding, unless executed
in writing by all of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, and any provision herein waived, but only in writing,
signed by the party against whom such an amendment or waiver is sought to be enforced.

14.
Future Cooperation. Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the Company with respect to any investigations, legal proceedings,
or other matters which arose during or may arise after Executives employment with the Company. Executive agrees to remain available
to participate, and, if necessary, provide testimony in any such matters.

15.
Binding Nature. This Agreement, and all the terms and provisions contained herein, shall bind the heirs, personal representatives,
successors and assigns of each party, and inure to the benefit of each party, its agents, directors, officers, employees, servants, successors,
and assigns.

16.
Construction/Partial Invalidity. This Agreement shall not be construed in favor of one party or against the other. Should any
portion, word, clause, phrase, sentence, section, or paragraph of this Agreement be declared void or unenforceable, such portion shall
be considered independent and severable from the remainder, the validity of which shall remain unaffected.

17.
Waiver, Amendment and Modification of Agreement. The parties agree that no waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms
of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by all parties affected by the waiver, amendment or modification.

20

No
waiver of any term, condition or default or any term of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other term, condition or
default.

18.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of California as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within California.

19.
Compliance with Terms. The failure to insist upon compliance with any term, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement
shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power contained
in this Agreement at any one time or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any other time or times.

20.
Enforcement Costs. The Company and Executive agree that in the event litigation is initiated by either party to this Agreement
to interpret or enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover legal costs and reasonable attorneys
fees incurred in connection with the litigation, in addition to any other relief granted. This Agreement shall be interpreted pursuant
to California law.

21.
Voluntary and Knowing. This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf
of the parties hereto.

22.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

23.
Full and Knowing Waiver and Attorney Review Period. Executive acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes written notice from
the Company that Executive has a right to consult an attorney regarding this Agreement, and that Executive has been provided with a reasonable
time period of not less than five (5) full business days to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive has fully discussed all aspects
of this Agreement with an attorney to the extent Executive desires to do so. Executive acknowledges that Executive may sign this Agreement
prior to the termination of the five (5) day period for reviewing this Agreement, and warrants that any signature prior to the end of
this five (5) day period is knowing, voluntary, and has not been induced by the Company through fraud, misrepresentation, a threat by
the Company to withdraw or alter the Agreement prior to the expiration of the reasonable time period, or by the Company providing different
terms to other employees who sign a similar severance or separation agreement prior to the expiration of such five (5) day time period.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.

Dated: 

Eric Poma, Ph.D., Executive 

Dated: Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

By: 

Scott Leftwich

21

EXHIBIT
B

CALIFORNIA
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AGREEMENT

1.
Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company) and I agree to utilize binding, individual arbitration to resolve all disputes
that might arise out of or be related in any way to my application for employment and/or employment by the Company. Such disputes include,
but are not limited to, claims I might bring against the Company for wrongful termination, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, breach
of contract, wage and hour violations, any individual claims under the California Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA),
and torts such as invasion of privacy, assault and battery, or defamation. Such disputes also include claims that the Company might bring
against me such as, for example, theft of money or trade secrets, breach of a confidentiality agreement, or breach of a contract; the
Company and I each specifically waive our respective rights to bring such claims against the other in a court of law and to have a trial
by jury. By signing below, I expressly waive the right to bring a class or collective claim seeking any relief on behalf of others unless
such waiver is prohibited by controlling law.

2.
The only exceptions to binding individual arbitration shall be for claims arising under the National Labor Relations Act which are brought
before the National Labor Relations Board, claims for medical and disability benefits or other forms of compensation under the California
Workers Compensation Act, claims for benefits brought before the Employment Development Department, individual claims for wages
brought before the California Labor Commissioner, or disputes that are not subject to arbitration under law, including but not limited
to disputes for sexual harassment and/or sexual assault brought under state or federal law unless I voluntarily elect to submit such
disputes to arbitration. Moreover, nothing herein shall prevent me from filing a charge or complaint with the United States Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, the California Civil Rights Department, or any local agency that allows me to file an administrative charge or
complaint. Once the agencys proceedings are completed, however, if I wish to pursue the matter further, I understand that I must
do so under this Agreement.

3.
My agreement to arbitrate claims against the Company includes claims I might bring against the Companys parent, subsidiaries,
affiliates, customers, or client entities as well as against owners, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, contractors, attorneys,
benefit plan administrators, and insurers of the Company or of its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, or client entities. I
also agree to arbitrate claims pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against any person or entity I allege to be a joint employer with
the Company as well as claims brought against staffing companies, employee leasing companies, professional employer organization or payroll
processing vendors that the Company has utilized.

4.
Both the Company and I agree that any claims we might pursue against the other in arbitration under this agreement shall be brought in
my individual capacity or that of the Company. This agreement shall not be construed to allow or permit the consolidation or joinder
of claims of other claimants in arbitration, or to permit such claims to proceed as a class, collective, or non- individual action. No
arbitrator shall have the authority under this agreement to order any such class or collective action. Any dispute regarding the validity,
scope, or enforceability of this agreement, or concerning the arbitrability of a particular claim, shall be resolved by a court, not
by the arbitrator. I agree to waive any substantive or procedural rights that I may have to bring or participate in an action brought
on a class or collective basis. I agree that should I elect to pursue any non-individual PAGA claims related to my employment with the
Company, such claims will be stayed in court pending completion of the arbitration of any concurrently raised arbitrable disputes and
individual claims covered by this Agreement.

22

5.
If I wish to bring a claim to arbitration under this agreement, I understand that I can initiate this process by providing written notice
of such a claim to the Companys Chief Legal Officer at 4475 Executive Drive, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92121. I understand that
I have the right to be represented by an attorney in the arbitration of any claim under this agreement, but it is not required that I
have an attorney. I further understand that I must present notice of any claim in arbitration before the statute of limitations expires
for that type of claim. At the beginning of any arbitration process under this agreement, the Company and I will need to select an arbitrator
by mutual agreement. Such an arbitrator shall be a retired California Superior Court Judge, retired United States District Court Judge
or Magistrate, or another qualified and impartial person that the Company and I decide upon, and shall be subject to disqualification
on the same grounds as would apply to a judge in a court proceeding. In the event we cannot agree on the selection of an arbitrator,
the Company and I will select an alternative dispute resolution provider and request from that provider a list of an odd number of potential
arbitrators. From that list we will alternatively strike arbitrators, with the Company going first, until one arbitrator is left. That
arbitrator shall be the arbitrator who will hear our case. If the Company and I cannot agree on an alternative dispute resolution provider,
an arbitrator will be appointed according to law.

6.
Any arbitration proceeding under this agreement shall proceed under and be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA)
because the Company is engaged in interstate commerce. To the extent they are not contrary to the FAA, the procedures of the California
Arbitration Act (Act) shall also apply. The Act is found at California Code of Civil Procedure section 1280 and the following
sections. Section 1283.05 and all of the Acts other mandatory and permissive rights to discovery shall also apply, and the arbitrator
shall have the same authority as a state or federal court would have to issue subpoenas to third parties for production of documents
and for depositions, in addition to subpoenas to appear at any arbitration hearing. In any arbitration proceeding under this agreement,
all California rules of pleading (including the right of demurrer), all rules of evidence, all rights to resolution of the dispute by
means of motions for summary judgment, judgment on the pleadings, and judgment under Code of Civil Procedure Section 631.8 shall apply
and be observed, unless the Company and I agree otherwise. The arbitrator shall have the immunity of a judicial officer from civil liability
when acting in the capacity of an arbitrator, which immunity supplements any other existing immunity. Likewise, all communications during
or in connection with the arbitration proceedings are privileged in accordance with California Civil Code Section 47(b). The arbitrators
award(s) shall include the arbitrators written reasoned opinion. Resolution of all disputes shall be based solely upon the law
governing the claims and defenses pleaded, and the arbitrator may not invoke any basis (including but not limited to, notions of just
cause) other than such controlling law.

23

7.
The Company will pay the arbitrators fees and other costs relating to the arbitration forum but the Company and I will be responsible
for our own costs and for our attorneys fees should we choose to be represented by counsel, unless the arbitrator shifts one partys
costs and attorneys fees to the other party in accordance with applicable law. It is agreed that the Company shall not be responsible
for paying the arbitrators fees and costs for the arbitration hearing sooner than 60 days before the commencement of the arbitration
hearing.

8.
If any term, provision, waiver or any portion of this agreement is deemed invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the offending term, provision,
waiver or portion shall be severed and the remainder of this agreement shall be enforceable. Under no circumstances shall this agreement
be construed to allow the joinder of claims in arbitration or arbitration on a class, collective, non- individual, or other similar basis.
I acknowledge that this Agreement is not intended to interfere with my rights to collectively bargain, to engage in protected, concerted
activity, or to exercise other rights protected under the National Labor Relations Act.

9.
I confirm that I have had time to read this agreement and ask the Companys representative any questions I had about the agreement
prior to signing this agreement.

MY
SIGNATURE BELOW CONFIRMS THE FACT THAT I HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND VOLUNTARILY AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND TO ALL OF THE ABOVE TERMS.
I FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE COMPANY AND ME TO ARBITRATE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT ARISE OUT OF MY APPLICATION
FOR EMPLOYMENT AND EMPLOYMENT EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED HEREIN, AND THAT THE COMPANY AND I ARE GIVING UP OUR RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY
JURY.

DO
NOT SIGN UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THE ABOVE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT.

Dated: Eric Poma, Ph.D

Dated: Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Scott Leftwich

[GIVE
A COPY TO EMPLOYEE AND RETAIN ORIGINAL IN PERSONNEL FILE]

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Calidi
Biotherapeutics Announces Chief Executive Officer Transition and Appointment of Eric Poma, Ph.D. as CEO and Director

SAN
DIEGO, Apr. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Calidi Biotherapeutics Inc. (NYSE American: CLDI) (Calidi), a clinical-stage
biotechnology company developing a new generation of targeted antitumor virotherapies, today announced the succession of its Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), Allan Camaisa, to Eric Poma, Ph.D., who was appointed as CEO and member of the Board of Directors of Calidi
(Board), effective April 22, 2025. Mr. Camaisa will continue to serve as a member of the Board.

We
are pleased to welcome Eric as Calidis new CEO, given his deep experience in life science leadership with a focus on oncology,
as Calidi advances its systemic enveloped virotherapy platform to the clinic and prepares for a company sponsored, dose escalation trial
of CLD-201 in adult patients with solid tumors, said Mr. James Schoeneck, Chairman of the Board. On behalf of the Board,
we would like to thank Allan for his visionary leadership in advancing a new platform with unique mechanisms of action in the treatment
of cancer and look forward to his continued service on the Board.

I
am thrilled to be joining Calidi at this exciting time, as the company progresses RTNova, its systemic, enveloped virotherapy platform
with transient gene therapy payload delivery to the clinic with CLD-400 and continues to advance its CLD-101 and CLD-201 programs clinically,
said Dr. Poma. I appreciate the solid foundation Allan has established at Calidi, the strong team that he has assembled and the
opportunity to advance these groundbreaking therapies. I look forward to leveraging my experience not only as a biotech CEO, but also
as a former business development executive and healthcare fund analyst, to drive and increase shareholder value.

Dr.
Poma brings more than 30 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, with a strong record of capital fundraising, big pharma
collaboration agreements, and clinical program development. Prior to joining Calidi, Dr. Poma served as CEO of Molecular Templates (NASDAQ:
MTEM), a clinical-stage biotech focused on the development of a novel class of therapeutic agents with unique biology in oncology. At
Molecular Templates he raised over $250 million in equity financing and secured over $150 million in strategic capital through agreements
with Takeda, Vertex and BMS. He previously served as Vice President, Business Development of Innovive Pharmaceuticals. Prior to that
he held various senior level positions at Imclone Systems, Inc., primarily in business development. Earlier, Dr. Poma served as a Healthcare
& Biotechnology Analyst with the healthcare fund Eagle Growth Investors, LLC. Dr. Poma received a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Immunology
from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an M.B.A. from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business and a Bachelor of Science
in Biology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

As
the Company progresses with its clinical and preclinical programs, Calidi will benefit from Erics over 30 years of leadership
experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, having secured significant equity investments and big pharma collaborations, stated
Mr. Camaisa. I am proud to have achieved our first company-sponsored FDA approved IND for CLD-201 and now, with this transition,
I look forward to supporting the advancement of the Company as a Calidi board member and I am confident and excited about Calidis
future under Erics leadership.

About
Calidi Biotherapeutics

Calidi
Biotherapeutics (NYSE American: CLDI) is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company with proprietary technology designed to arm the immune
system to fight cancer. Calidis novel stem cell-based platforms are utilizing potent allogeneic stem cells capable of carrying
payloads of oncolytic viruses for use in multiple oncology indications, including high-grade gliomas and solid tumors. Calidis
clinical stage off-the-shelf, universal cell-based delivery platforms are designed to protect, amplify, and potentiate oncolytic viruses
leading to enhanced efficacy and improved patient safety. Calidis preclinical off-the-shelf enveloped virotherapies, are designed
to target disseminated solid tumors. This dual approach can potentially treat, or even prevent, metastatic disease. Calidi Biotherapeutics
is headquartered in San Diego, California. For more information, please visit www.calidibio.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Terms such as anticipates, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan,
possible, potential, predicts, project, should, towards,
would as well as similar terms, are forward-looking in nature, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning upcoming key milestones
(including the reporting of interim clinical results and the dosing of patients), planned clinical trials, and statements relating to
the safety and efficacy of Calidis therapeutic candidates in development. Any forward-looking statements contained in this discussion
are based on Calidis current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects and are subject
to multiple risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied
in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk that Calidi is not able to
raise sufficient capital to support its current and anticipated clinical trials, the risk that early results of clinical trials do not
necessarily predict final results and that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change following more comprehensive review
of the data, and as more patient data becomes available, the risk that Calidi may not receive FDA approval for some or all of its therapeutic
candidates. Other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Companys Registration Statements filed with the SEC on (i) Form S-4 filed on
August 2, 2023 and the corresponding prospectus filed on August 4, 2023, and (ii) on Form S-1 filed on April 15, 2024, and the Companys
periodic reports filed with the SEC on (i) Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2025. These reports may be amended or supplemented by other reports
we file with the SEC from time to time.

Corporate
Communications:

Dave
Gentry, CEO

RedChip
Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

CLDI@redchip.com

Source:
Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cldi-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cldi-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cldi-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cldi-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40789

Entity Registrant Name CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001855485

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2967193

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4475
Executive Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town San
Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 794-9600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLDI

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock

Trading Symbol CLDI
WS

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://calidibio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cldi-20250417.xsd 
cldi-20250417_def.xml 
cldi-20250417_lab.xml 
cldi-20250417_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005777-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855485 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001855485 

CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001855485 

CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855485 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-40789 
86-2967193 
4475 Executive Drive 
Suite 200 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
794-9600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLDI 
NYSEAMER 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 
CLDI WS 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>