<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-022187.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-022187.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310163819
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-022187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250309
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562528
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40923
		FILM NUMBER:		25724336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 588-6770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Realty Finance Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARC Realty Finance Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000156252800015625282025-03-092025-03-090001562528us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-092025-03-090001562528us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember2025-03-092025-03-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 9, 2025

Franklin
BSP Realty Trust, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Maryland 001-40923 46-1406086

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) Identification No.) 

1 Madison Avenue, Suite 1600

New York, New York10010

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 588-6770

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2 below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share FBRT New York Stock Exchange

7.50%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share FBRT PRE New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 9, 2025, Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc.
(the Company), FBRT OP LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Purchaser OP), FBRT Sub REIT TRS LLC,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Purchaser TRS and together with Purchaser OP, Purchaser), NewPoint
Holdings JV LLC (the NewPoint), each of the holders of issued and outstanding membership interests of NewPoint (the Existing
Equityholders), and Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC and BMC Holdings DE LLC, solely in their capacity as the joint representatives
of the Existing Equityholders (the Representatives) entered into a definitive Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement).
Under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, Purchaser will purchase all of NewPoints issued and outstanding
membership interests and units (the Purchased Interests). In exchange for the Purchased Interests, Purchaser will pay to
the Existing Equityholders an aggregate amount of $318,750,000 in cash (the Base Consideration Amount) (subject to the purchase
price adjustment mechanism set forth in the Agreement) and Purchaser OP will issue to the Existing Equityholders an aggregate of 8,385,951
Class A Units of Purchaser OP (the Equity Consideration). The board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved
the Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

The obligation of each party to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others (a) no law being enacted
or order in effect that prohibits the consummation of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (the Closing),
(b) all approvals of, filings or registrations with, and the expiration of all waiting periods imposed by, any governmental entity
that are required pursuant to antitrust laws have been obtained or made, (c) the representations and warranties of the other party
being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Agreement, (d) the other partys compliance in
all material respects with their covenants and agreements set forth in the Agreement, (e) the absence of a material adverse effect
with respect to the other party, and (f) the delivery of certain agreements, documents and certificates by the other party.

The obligation of Purchaser to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement is subject to a number of additional conditions, including, among others, (a) receipt
of all consents and approval from program lenders, (b) receipt of all consents from lenders under the warehouse lines of credit and
operating lines of credit, and (c) customary third party consents.

The obligation of NewPoint to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Agreement is subject to a number of additional conditions, including, among others, the registration and listing on
the New York Stock Exchange of the shares of Company common stock to be issued in exchange for the Equity Consideration upon redemption
in accordance with the terms of the operating agreement of Purchaser OP (if such exchange is so elected by the Company to satisfy such
redemption).

Each of the parties to the Agreement has made
certain customary representations, warranties and covenants. Among other things, the Agreement provides that NewPoint will, until the
Closing, operate its business in all material respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

NewPoints and the Existing Equityholders
representations and warranties made in the Agreement terminate as of the Closing and Purchasers sole recourse in the event of any
breach or inaccuracy thereof (other than in the case of fraud) is under a customary representations and warranties insurance policy that
the Company has procured.

The Agreement may be terminated under certain
circumstances, including by either party (a) if the Agreement has not been consummated on or before December 9, 2025, (b) if
a final and non-appealable order is entered, or other action is taken permanently restraining or prohibiting the Agreement, or (c) upon
a material, uncured breach by the other party that would cause the closing conditions not to be satisfied.

The foregoing description of the Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be completed and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Agreement has been included to provide investors
with information regarding its terms and conditions. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or
NewPoint. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Agreement were made only for purposes of
the Agreement and as of a specified date, are solely for the benefit of the parties to the Agreement, are modified or qualified by information
in confidential disclosure schedules provided by NewPoint to Purchaser in connection with the signing of the Agreement, may be subject
to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders, or may have been used for the
purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Agreement are not necessarily characterizations
of the actual state of facts about the Company, Purchaser, NewPoint or the Existing Equityholders at the time they were made or otherwise
and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that the Company makes publicly available in reports, statements and
other documents filed with the SEC. Stockholders are not third-party beneficiaries to the representations and warranties contained in
the Agreement and should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual
state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

As described above, pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement, at Closing, Purchaser OP will issue to the Existing Equityholders an aggregate of 8,385,951 Class A Units of Purchaser
OP. The offer and sale of such Class A Units will be made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided under Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933. Pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement of Purchaser OP, after 12 months from issuance, holders of
the Class A Units may elect to have the Class A Units redeemed, in which case FBRT and Purchaser OP will have the option to
satisfy the redemption consideration with either cash (based on the trading price of FBRT Common Stock) or the delivery of one share of
FBRT Common Stock for each Class A Unit of Purchaser OP.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
the acquisition of NewPoint. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Also on March 10, 2025, the Company posted an investor presentation
to its investor relations website related to the acquisition of NewPoint. The presentations is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and
is incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this report, including Exhibit 99.1
and Exhibit 99.2, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before, on or after the
date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference to such
filing. The information contained in Item 7.01 of this report, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, shall not be deemed
to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to
the liabilities of that section.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

No. Description

2.1 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2025, by and among New Point Holdings JV LLC, each of the members of NewPoint Holdings JV LLC, FBRT OP LLC, FBRT Sub REIT TRS LLC, Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc., and certain other parties named therein.*

99.1 Press Release issued by Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. on March 10, 2025.

99.2 Investor Presentation dated March 10, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Schedules and exhibits have been omitted
pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally
to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements included in this Form 8-K
and related exhibits are forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the timing of the closing of the NewPoint acquisition
and potential valuation and financial benefits of the transaction. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or
current expectations of the Company and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based,
and generally are identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "seeks," "anticipates,"
"believes," "estimates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "should" or similar
expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect
changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time, unless required by law.

The Company's forward-looking statements are subject
to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and important factors contained and identified in the Companys
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024 and its subsequent filings with the SEC, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date hereof.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

FRANKLIN BSP REALTY TRUST, INC.

By: /s/ Jerome S. Baglien

Name: Jerome S. Baglien

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

Date: March 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

Purchase and Sale Agreement

by and among

NEWPOINT HOLDINGS JV LLC,

EACH OF THE MEMBERS OF NEWPOINT HOLDINGS JV LLC,

FBRT OP LLC,

FBRT SUB REIT TRS LLC,

FRANKLIN BSP REALTY TRUST, INC.

AND

MERIDIAN BRAVO INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC AND BMC
HOLDINGS DE LLC,

ACTING AS JOINT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE EXISTING
EQUITYHOLDERS

Dated as of March 9, 2025

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I
DEFINITIONS 1

Article II
PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE PURCHASED INTERESTS 22

Section 2.1 Sale and Transfer of Purchased Interests 22

Section 2.2 The Closing 22

Section 2.3 Purchase Price and Related Matters 22

Section 2.4 Post-Closing Adjustment 24

Section 2.5 Closing Deliveries of the Company 27

Section 2.6 Closing Deliveries of Existing Equityholders 28

Section 2.7 Closing Deliveries of Purchaser 28

Section 2.8 Closing Deliveries of FBRT 29

Section 2.9 Withholding 29

Article III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 29

Section 3.1 Organization; Qualification 29

Section 3.2 Authorization 29

Section 3.3 Execution; Validity of Agreement 30

Section 3.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations 30

Section 3.5 Capitalization; Ownership; Subsidiaries 31

Section 3.6 Financial Statements 32

Section 3.7 No Undisclosed Liabilities 33

Section 3.8 Absence of Certain Changes 34

Section 3.9 Title to Assets 34

Section 3.10 Real Property 35

Section 3.11 Contracts 35

Section 3.12 Insurance 38

Section 3.13 Litigation; Governmental Orders 38

Section 3.14 Environmental Matters 39

Section 3.15 Compliance with Laws 39

Section 3.16 Employee Benefit Plans 41

Section 3.17 Tax Matters 43

Section 3.18 Intellectual Property 45

Section 3.19 Labor Matters 47

Section 3.20 Affiliate Transactions 48

Section 3.21 Mortgage Backed Securities 48

Section 3.22 Mortgage Loans 49

Section 3.23 OFAC 51

Section 3.24 Anti-Money Laundering Compliance 51

Section 3.25 Brokers 51

Section 3.26 Operating Line of Credit; Warehouse Lines of Credit 52

Section 3.27 Investment Company Act 52

Section 3.28 Investment Advisor and Broker-Dealer Regulatory Matters 52

ii

Article IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE EXISTING EQUITYHOLDERS 56

Section 4.1 Organization 56

Section 4.2 Authorization 56

Section 4.3 Execution; Validity of Agreement 56

Section 4.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations 56

Section 4.5 Acquisition of Equity Consideration for Investment 57

Section 4.6 Title 58

Section 4.7 Brokers 59

Article V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 59

Section 5.1 Organization 59

Section 5.2 Authorization 59

Section 5.3 Execution; Validity of Agreement 59

Section 5.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations 60

Section 5.5 Capitalization 60

Section 5.6 Equity Consideration 61

Section 5.7 Acquisition of Purchased Interests for Investment 61

Section 5.8 Solvency 61

Section 5.9 Litigation 61

Section 5.10 Compliance with Laws 62

Section 5.11 Anti-Money Laundering Compliance 63

Section 5.12 Brokers 63

Section 5.13 Loan Origination Relationships 63

Article VI
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FBRT 64

Section 6.1 Organization 64

Section 6.2 Authorization 64

Section 6.3 Execution; Validity of Agreement 64

Section 6.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations 64

Section 6.5 Capitalization 65

Section 6.6 Equity Consideration 65

Section 6.7 SEC Reports; Financial Statements 66

Section 6.8 No Undisclosed Liabilities 67

Section 6.9 Absence of Certain Changes 67

Section 6.10 Litigation 67

Section 6.11 Affiliate Transactions 68

Section 6.12 Compliance with Laws 68

Section 6.13 Anti-Money Laundering Compliance 69

Section 6.14 Brokers 69

Section 6.15 Availability of Funds 69

Article VII
CERTAIN COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS 70

Section 7.1 Interim Operations of the Acquired Entities 70

Section 7.2 Access; Confidentiality 74

Section 7.3 Efforts and Actions to Cause Closing to Occur 75

iii

Section 7.4 Exclusivity 78

Section 7.5 Warehouse Lines of Credit; Operating Line of Credit 79

Section 7.6 Publicity 79

Section 7.7 Employees; Employee Benefits 79

Section 7.8 Directors and Officers Indemnification 81

Section 7.9 No Other Representations 82

Section 7.10 R&W Policy 83

Section 7.11 Further Assurances 83

Section 7.12 Notification of Certain Matters 83

Section 7.13 Audited and Unaudited Financial Statements of the
Company; Financial Statements Cooperation 83

Section 7.14 Securities Laws and Listing Covenants 84

Section 7.15 Mutual Release 84

Article VIII
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES 85

Section 8.1 Conditions to Purchasers Obligations 85

Section 8.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Company 87

Article IX
TAX MATTERS 88

Section 9.1 Transfer Taxes 88

Section 9.2 Tax Returns 88

Section 9.3 Straddle Periods 88

Section 9.4 Cooperation on Tax Matters 89

Section 9.5 Tax Contests 89

Section 9.6 Post-Closing Tax Actions 89

Section 9.7 Intended Tax Treatment; Allocation of Purchase Price 90

Section 9.8 Purchase Price Allocation 90

Section 9.9 754 Election 91

Section 9.10 Push-Out Election 91

Article X
INDEMNIFICATION 92

Section 10.1 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants 92

Article XI
TERMINATION 92

Section 11.1 Termination 92

Section 11.2 Effect of Termination 93

Article XII
MISCELLANEOUS 93

Section 12.1 Fees and Expenses 93

Section 12.2 Amendment and Modification 93

Section 12.3 Notices 94

Section 12.4 Counterparts 96

Section 12.5 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 96

Section 12.6 No Piercing the Corporate Veil 97

Section 12.7 Severability 97

Section 12.8 Governing Law 97

Section 12.9 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 97

iv

Section 12.10 Specific Performance 98

Section 12.11 Waiver of Conflicts; Privilege 98

Section 12.12 Waiver 99

Section 12.13 Assignment 99

Section 12.14 Exhibits and Schedules 100

Section 12.15 Interpretation 100

Section 12.16 Representatives 101

Section 12.17 Guarantee 104

Exhibits

Exhibit A Applicable
Accounting Principles

Exhibit B Correspondent Agreement

Exhibit C Company Net Working Capital

Exhibit D Purchaser OP Operating
Agreement

Exhibit E Servicing Agreement

Exhibit F R&W Policy

v

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

This PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of March 9, 2025, is entered into by and among NewPoint Holdings JV LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Company); each of the holders of issued and outstanding membership interests of the
Company identified on the signature pages hereto (the Existing Equityholders); FBRT OP LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and wholly owned Subsidiary of FBRT (Purchaser OP); FBRT Sub REIT TRS LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and wholly owned Subsidiary of FBRT (Purchaser TRS and together with Purchaser OP, Purchaser);
Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (FBRT); and Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC
and BMC Holdings DE LLC, solely in their capacity as the joint representatives of the Existing Equityholders (the Representatives).

WHEREAS, the Existing Equityholders
collectively own, in the aggregate all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership interests, including all issued
and outstanding Class A Membership Interests, Class B Units and Class C Units of the Company (the Purchased
Interests), which Purchased Interests constitute all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in the Company;

WHEREAS, at the Closing,
the Existing Equityholders desire to sell and transfer to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to acquire and receive, all of the Purchased
Interests, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, a buyer-side representation and warranty insurance policy with respect to this Agreement
has been conditionally bound as of the date of this Agreement (the R&W Policy).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the respective meanings given below:

Accredited Investor
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Accrued Income
Taxes means an amount (which shall not be less than zero in any jurisdiction or with respect to any taxpaying entity) equal
to the aggregate liability for income Taxes with respect to the Acquired Entities for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods with respect to which
a Tax Return has not yet been filed, determined as of the end of the day on the Closing Date, to the extent unpaid as of the Effective
Time; provided, that for purposes of computing Accrued Income Taxes, (a) in the case of any Straddle Period, liability for
income Taxes shall be apportioned to the pre-Closing portion of such Straddle Period in accordance with Section 7.3, (b) any
items of loss or deduction arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not be taken into
account and (c) any overpayments of income Taxes (and any payments of estimated income Taxes) for any taxable period shall be taken
into account, but only to the extent they have the effect of reducing (but not below zero in the applicable jurisdiction or for the applicable
taxpaying entity) the particular current income Tax liability in respect of which such overpayments or estimated payments, as applicable,
were made.

Acquired Entity
or Acquired Entities means collectively, each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.

Acquired Entity
Benefit Plans is defined in Section 7.7(b).

Acquired Entity
Data means data contained in any Business Systems of the Acquired Entities (including any and all trade secrets and Personal
Information) and all other information and data compilations used by, or necessary to the business of, each Acquired Entity.

Acquired Entity
Indemnified Persons is defined in Section 7.8(a).

Action
means any claim, demand, cause of action, action, charge, complaint, audit, hearing, investigation, suit, appeal, mediation, proceeding
or arbitration by or before any Governmental Entity, whether civil, criminal, administrative or otherwise, in law or equity.

Advisor
means NewPoint Real Estate Investment Management LLC.

Advisory Agreement
means any contract under which any Acquired Entity provides to any Client investment advisory (including investment sub-advisory), investment
management and any other services that constitute acting as an investment adviser within the meaning of the Investment
Advisers Act.

Affected Employees
is defined in Section 7.7(a).

Affiliate
of any Person means a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with the first Person. For purposes of this definition, the term control, controlled by
or under common control with, as and with respect to any Person, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, the right to
appoint directors or managers, by contract, as trustee or executor, by proxy or agent or otherwise.

Agreement
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Antitrust Laws
means the HSR Act, the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act and any other Applicable Law that is designed to
prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or constituting anticompetitive
conduct.

Applicable Accounting
Principles means, in the following order of priority, (i) the policies set forth in Exhibit A, (ii) to
the extent not inconsistent with clause (i) and GAAP, the accounting principles and policies as applied in the preparation of the
Audited Financial Statements as of December 31, 2023, and (iii) if not otherwise addressed in clauses (i) and (ii), GAAP.
For the avoidance of doubt, clause (i) shall take precedence over clauses (ii) and (iii), and clause (ii) shall take precedence
over clause (iii).

2

Applicable Disputes
is defined in Section 12.11(a).

Applicable Law
means, with respect to any Person, any U.S., foreign or supranational federal, state, local or municipal law, ordinance, regulation,
statute, rule, decree, administrative doctrine, judicial doctrine, common law ruling, treaty, policy or other legal requirement of any
Governmental Entity applicable to such Person, including any rules, regulations or administrative guidance issued by any federal or state
regulatory authority or Program Lender.

Applicable Requirements
is defined in Section 3.22(c).

Audited Financial
Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (excluding the Joint
Venture Entities) as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and the audited consolidated statements of income, changes
in members equity and cash flows for the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (excluding the Joint Venture Entities) for the twelve-month
periods then ended, together with the reports thereon of KPMG LLP, independent certified public accountants, and including the notes
thereto.

Audited S-X Financial
Statements is defined in Section 7.13(a).

Base Consideration
Amount means an amount equal to $318,750,000.

Benefit Plan
means (a) each employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (b) each other severance
pay, retention, change in control, salary continuation, bonus, equity incentive option, other equity or equity-based compensation, retention,
employment, consulting, welfare, post-employment, disability, health, vacation, sick leave benefits, fringe benefits, retirement, pension,
profit sharing or deferred compensation plan, contract, program, fund or arrangement, and (c) each other employee benefit plan,
contract, program, fund or arrangement covering any current or former employees, consultants or nonemployee directors or managers of
the Acquired Entities (i) that are sponsored or maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained, sponsored or contributed
to, by the Company or any Company Subsidiary for the benefit of any current or former employee, consultants, or nonemployee directors
or managers of the Acquired Entities, (ii) with respect to which an Acquired Entity is required to make payments, transfers or contributions,
or (iii) with respect to which an Acquired Entity has any obligation or liability (or under which Purchaser and its Affiliates could
assume any liability in connection with the Transactions), contingent or otherwise.

Borrower
means the obligor under a Mortgage Loan.

Broker-Dealer
means NewPoint Real Estate Capital Securities LLC.

Broker-Dealer Termination
is defined in Section 7.3(f)(iv).

Business Day
means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are generally open for the ordinary conduct of business in New York City,
New York.

3

Business Systems
is defined in Section 3.18(g).

CARES Act
means the federal Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act.

Change of Control
Payments means any severance, transaction, sale, change-of-control, or similar bonuses or payments or benefits that are or
become due and payable by the Acquired Entities upon, in connection with, or as a result of the consummation of the Transactions (but
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, severance or other termination payments or benefits payable as a result of the termination of
employment by any Acquired Entity on or following the Closing) to any current or former director, manager, officer or employee thereof,
including the employer portion of any employment Taxes incurred by any of the Acquired Entities in connection therewith. For the avoidance
of doubt, (a) any single-trigger severance or termination payments shall be considered Change of Control Payments
while double-trigger severance or termination payments shall not be considered Change of Control Payments
and (b) the aggregate amount payable at or following the Closing by the Acquired Entities pursuant to the transaction bonus agreements
set forth on Schedule 3.11(a)(xvi) shall be considered Change of Control Payments.

Client
means any Person to which any of the Acquired Entities provides investment advisory (including investment sub-advisory), investment management
and any other services that constitute acting as an investment adviser within the meaning of the Investment Advisers Act
pursuant to any Advisory Agreement.

Closing
is defined in Section 2.2.

Closing Cash Payment
is defined in Section 2.3(a).

Closing Date
is defined in Section 2.2.

Closing Date Adjustment
Schedule is defined in Section 2.4(a).

Closing Date Consideration
Schedule means a schedule, calculated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and Applicable Accounting Principles,
that sets forth (a) the Companys good faith calculation of Estimated Base Purchase Price, including the amounts of Estimated
Company Transaction Expenses, Estimated Company Unrestricted Cash, Estimated Company Indebtedness, Estimated Company Net Working Capital
and Estimated Company Net Working Capital Adjustment (including the components (and the amounts) thereof necessary to compute Estimated
Company Net Working Capital) and (b) the payees of the Estimated Company Transaction Expenses.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Company
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Company Associate
means: (a) any current or former officer or other employee of the Acquired Entities; or (b) any current or former independent
contractor, consultant, agent or director of the Acquired Entities.

4

Company Indebtedness
means, as of the Effective Time, the aggregate amount of all consolidated Indebtedness of the Acquired Entities. For the avoidance of
doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Company Indebtedness shall not include (a) Indebtedness
owed by one Acquired Entity that is wholly owned by the Company to another Acquired Entity that is wholly owned by the Company, (b) any
liabilities included in the calculation of Company Net Working Capital or (c) any Indebtedness of the Joint Venture Entities. Any
Indebtedness incurred by the Acquired Companies following the Effective Time and prior to the Closing shall be deemed incurred as of
the Effective Time, except to the extent repaid prior to the Effective Time.

Company Intellectual
Property means all material Intellectual Property that is owned or purported to be owned by the Acquired Entities or is currently
used in the business of the Acquired Entities as currently conducted.

Companys
Knowledge means the actual knowledge of Nick Gesue, Ryan Stutz, John Lloyd and Geraldine Borger after reasonable inquiry.
None of the foregoing individuals shall have any personal liability solely by virtue of being named in this definition.

Company MBS
is defined in Section 3.21.

Company Net Working
Capital means Current Assets minus Current Liabilities, calculated in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Principles,
and presented in the same form and format as the illustrative calculation is set forth on Exhibit C hereto.

Company Net Working
Capital Adjustment means (a) if Company Net Working Capital exceeds Target Net Working Capital, the amount of such excess
or (b) if Target Net Working Capital exceeds Company Net Working Capital, the amount of such excess.

Company Principal
MBS Agreements is defined in Section 3.21.

Company Subsidiaries
means, collectively, the Subsidiaries of the Company and, solely for purposes of Article III and for no other purposes of
this Agreement, the Joint Venture Entities.

Company Transaction
Expenses means, without duplication, (a) solely to the extent unpaid as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the
sum of (i) the aggregate amount of all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities incurred, owed or payable, directly or indirectly,
by the Acquired Entities in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions, including to their investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants and other professionals, consultants, brokers and other third parties in connection with the negotiation and effectuation
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the aggregate amount of any Change of Control
Payments and (iii) fifty percent (50%) of all Transfer Taxes, minus (b) all costs incurred in connection with Third
Party Consents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Program Lender Consents and the Warehouse Lines of Credit) and actually paid
by the Company prior to the Effective Time. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
Company Transaction Expenses shall not include (i) any fees or expenses arising out of actions or omissions taken
at the direction of Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof (except to the extent this Agreement specifically provides that such fees or expenses
shall be paid by the Company), whether related to the Transactions or post-Closing arrangements with directors, managers, officers or
employees, (ii) any severance arising as a result of the termination of any Person at (to the extent such termination occurs as
a result of Purchasers action or at Purchasers direction) or after the Closing, (iii) the costs, fees and expenses
associated with the (A) D&O Policy, (B) the R&W Policy and (C) the Company complying with the covenants set forth
in Section 7.13 (subject to the limitations set forth therein), (iv) any liabilities included in the calculation of Company
Net Working Capital or Company Indebtedness or (v) any liabilities of the Joint Venture Entities.

5

Company
Unrestricted Cash means, as of the Effective Time, the aggregate amount of all cash and cash equivalents held by the Acquired
Entities, including all petty cash, all deposits in transit, all servicing advances funded by the Company on behalf of borrowers,
and all interest receivable on loans held for sale, net of overdrafts and outstanding checks, determined in accordance with the Applicable
Accounting Principles and solely to the extent constituting the types of cash designated with amounts under the heading Unrestricted
Cash in the illustrative calculation of Company Unrestricted Cash set forth on Exhibit C; provided that Company Unrestricted
Cash shall not include any Restricted Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, Company Unrestricted Cash shall not include any cash or cash
equivalents held by the Joint Venture Entities.

Competing Transaction
means any contract, proposal, offer or indication of interest, written or oral, from any Person (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates),
or any announcement of the intention to enter into any such contract, proposal, offer or indication of interest, relating to or involving
(a) any direct or indirect acquisition, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, including any merger, consolidation,
stock acquisition, asset acquisition, share exchange, business combination, joint venture or similar transaction, of Equity Interests
of any Acquired Entity, (b) any sale, lease, mortgage, pledge, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition, or disposition of a material
portion of the assets (excluding dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business) of any Acquired Entity in any single transaction
or series of related transactions, or (z) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company or any Acquired Entity.

Confidentiality
Agreement means that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2024, by and between Meridian and
Benefit Street Partners L.L.C..

Consideration Allocation
Schedule is defined in Section 2.3(a).

Contract
means any agreement, contract, commitment, lease or other instrument to which any Acquired Entity is a party, including any amendments
and other modifications thereto, that is legally binding on such Acquired Entity.

Copyrights
means all original works of authorship, regardless of medium of fixation or means of expression, and all associated registrations and
applications for registration, under the copyright laws of the United States or any foreign country.

Correspondent Agreement
means that certain correspondent agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to be executed by and between Meridian
and the Company.

6

Current Assets
means, as of the Effective Time, the consolidated current assets of the Acquired Entities as of such time, calculated in accordance with
the Applicable Accounting Principles and solely to the extent constituting the types of current assets designated in the illustrative
calculation of the Company Net Working Capital attached hereto as Exhibit C. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
forth herein, Current Assets shall in no event include (i) Company Unrestricted Cash, (ii) any income or deferred taxes, (iii) any
current assets of the Joint Venture Entities or (iv) any current assets not set forth in the line items of Exhibit C
under the heading Assets.

Current Liabilities
means, as of the Effective Time, the consolidated current liabilities of the Acquired Entities as of such time, calculated in accordance
with the Applicable Accounting Principles and solely to the extent constituting the types of current liabilities designated on the illustrative
calculation of the Company Net Working Capital attached hereto as Exhibit C. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
forth herein, Current Liabilities shall in no event include (i) any liability to the extent actually included in either Company
Indebtedness or Company Transaction Expenses, (ii) any income or deferred taxes, (iii) any liabilities of the Joint Venture
Entities or (iv) any current liabilities not set forth in the line items of Exhibit C under the heading Liabilities.

Data Room
means the online data site Project Prime hosted by Datasite with respect to the Transactions.

Data Security Requirements
means, collectively, all of the following but only to the extent relating to privacy, security or security breach notification requirements
that are applicable to the Acquired Entities due to the current conduct of their businesses, or to their use of the Business Systems
or any Personal Information: (a) the Acquired Entities posted privacy policies and notices governing the collection and use
of Personal Information; (b) Applicable Laws governing the collection, processing, retention, privacy and security of Personal Information;
and (c) the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

Disputed Items
is defined in Section 2.4(b).

D&O Policy
is defined in Section 7.8(b).

Effective Time
means 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date.

Encumbrances
means any and all liens, charges, claims, security interests, mortgages, options, pledges, encumbrances, deeds of trust, security interests,
voting trusts, easements, and similar restrictions on title or transfer (but excluding restrictions on the issuance of the Purchased
Interests imposed by federal, state or local securities Applicable Laws).

Enforceability
Limitations means limitations on enforcement and other remedies imposed by or arising under or in connection with Applicable
Laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, receivership, reorganization, moratorium, redemption (solely with respect
to Mortgage Loans), liquidation or other similar Applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights and remedies
of creditors, and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

Environmental Laws
means all Applicable Laws relating to pollution or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), health and safety (as related to exposure to Hazardous Substances), or the Release, use, treatment storage, disposal,
recycling, transportation, cleanup, removal, remediation or handling of Hazardous Substances.

7

Equity Consideration
means 8,385,951 Class A Units of Purchaser OP with the rights and privileges attached thereto as set out in the Purchaser OP Operating
Agreement.

Equity Interests
means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests, equity interests or any similar term under Applicable Law,
including (a) nominee, qualifying and similar shares, (b) any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing,
(c) any options, warrants or other rights to purchase or subscribe for any of the foregoing, or (d) any other security or instrument,
including any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock rights, whose value is derived from any of the foregoing.

ERISA
means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA Affiliate
means each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with an Acquired Entity within the meaning of Section 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code and the regulations thereunder or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.

Escrow Agent
is defined in Section 2.3(e).

Escrow Agreement
is defined in Section 2.3(e).

Escrow Amount
means $4,000,000.

Escrow Fund
is defined in Section 2.3(e).

Estimated Base
Purchase Price means an amount equal to:

(a) the
Base Consideration Amount;

(b) (i) if
Estimated Company Net Working Capital exceeds Target Net Working Capital, plus the Estimated Company Net Working Capital
Adjustment, or (ii) if Target Net Working Capital exceeds Estimated Company Net Working Capital, minus the Estimated
Company Net Working Capital Adjustment;

(c) plus
the Estimated Company Unrestricted Cash;

(d) minus
the Estimated Company Transaction Expenses; and

(e) minus
the Estimated Company Indebtedness.

Estimated Company
Indebtedness means the Companys good faith estimate of Company Indebtedness set forth on the Closing Date Consideration
Schedule.

Estimated Company
Net Working Capital means the Companys good faith estimate of Company Net Working Capital set forth on the Closing
Date Consideration Schedule.

8

Estimated Company
Net Working Capital Adjustment means (i) if Estimated Company Net Working Capital exceeds Target Net Working Capital,
the amount of such excess or (ii) if Target Net Working Capital exceeds Estimated Company Net Working Capital, the amount of such
excess.

Estimated Company
Transaction Expenses means the Companys good faith estimate of Company Transaction Expenses set forth on the Closing
Date Consideration Schedule.

Estimated Company
Unrestricted Cash means the Companys good faith estimate of Company Unrestricted Cash set forth on the Closing Date
Consideration Schedule.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Existing Equityholders
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Existing Equityholders
Counsel means Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP.

Existing Equityholder
Material Adverse Effect means any event, change, circumstance or effect that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent
or materially impair or delay the ability of any Existing Equityholder to consummate the Closing.

Existing Equityholder
Related Parties means the Existing Equityholders, each of their respective Affiliates, and each of their and their Affiliates
respective stockholders, officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents, attorneys, representatives, successors
and permitted assigns.

Existing Equityholder
Released Matters is defined in Section 7.15(a).

Existing Equityholder
Released Party is defined in Section 7.15(a).

Existing Equityholder
Releasing Party is defined in Section 7.15(a).

Extension Period
is defined in Section 2.2.

Fannie Mae
means the Federal National Mortgage Association, a government-sponsored enterprise duly organized and existing under the laws of the
United States.

FBRT
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

FBRT Common Stock
is defined in Section 6.5(a).

FBRT Preferred
Stock is defined in Section 6.5(a).

9

FBRT Material Adverse
Effect means any event, change, circumstance or effect that would have or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of FBRT and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided,
however, any event, change, circumstance or effect arising out of, resulting from or attributable to any of the following shall
not constitute a FBRT Material Adverse Effect or be taken into account in determining whether a FBRT Material Adverse Effect has occurred
or would be reasonably likely to occur: (a) an event or series of events or circumstances affecting (i) the United States or
global economy generally or capital, credit or financial markets generally, including changes in interest or exchange rates, (ii) political
conditions generally of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including any potential or actual government shutdown, federal debt
ceiling or banking or credit crisis or (iii) the industries generally in which FBRT and its Subsidiaries operate or in which services
of FBRT and its Subsidiaries are used; (b) the negotiation, execution or announcement of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents or the consummation of the Transactions, including any loss of, or disruption in, any business relationships, or any loss of
personnel; (c) any changes in Applicable Law or the enforcement or interpretation thereof (including any quarantine, shelter
in place, stay at home, workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester or other Applicable
Law, order, directive, guidelines or recommendations by any Governmental Entity); (d) any changes in GAAP or the interpretation
thereof; (e) any action taken or omitted at the Companys express written direction or with Companys express written
consent; (f) any earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster; (g) any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other health
crisis or public health event, or the worsening of any of the foregoing; (h) any hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or
military actions, or any escalation or worsening thereof; or (i) any failure to meet internal or published projections, estimates
or forecasts of revenues, earnings, or other measures of financial or operating performance for any period (provided, however,
that the underlying causes of such failures shall not be excluded, subject to the other provisions of this definition); provided,
however, that in the case of the foregoing clauses (a), (c), (d), (f), (g) and (h), such events, changes, circumstances and
effects shall be taken into account to the extent FBRT and its Subsidiaries are adversely affected in a manner disproportionate to other
participants in the industries in which FBRT and its Subsidiaries operate.

FBRT Related Parties
means FBRT, each of its Affiliates, and each of FBRTs and its Affiliates respective stockholders (other than stockholders
that solely hold interests of FBRT or its Affiliates that are traded on a stock exchange), officers, directors, employees, partners,
members, managers, agents, attorneys, representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

FBRT
SEC Documents is defined in Section 6.7(a).

FHA
means the Federal Housing Administration, an agency within HUD.

Final Amounts
is defined in Section 2.4(d).

Final Base Purchase
Price means an amount equal to:

(a) the
Base Consideration Amount;

(b) (i) if
Final Company Net Working Capital exceeds Target Net Working Capital, plus the Final Company Net Working Capital Adjustment,
or (ii) if Target Net Working Capital exceeds Final Company Net Working Capital, minus the Final Company Net Working
Capital Adjustment;

(c) plus
the Final Company Unrestricted Cash;

(d) minus
the Final Company Transaction Expenses; and

10

(e) minus
the Final Company Indebtedness.

Final Company Indebtedness
is defined in Section 2.4(d).

Final Company Net
Working Capital is defined in Section 2.4(d).

Final Company Net
Working Capital Adjustment is defined in Section 2.4(d).

Final Company Transaction
Expenses is defined in Section 2.4(d).

Final Company Unrestricted
Cash is defined in Section 2.4(d).

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Fraud
means, with respect to any representation and warranty of a Party contained herein, the actual and intentional misrepresentation of fact
set forth in such representation and warranty by such Party making such representation and warranty, which misrepresentation constitutes
common law fraud of such Party under Delaware law and involves the specific intent by such Party to deceive another Party and reliance
thereon by such other Party. For avoidance of doubt, Fraud shall not include constructive fraud or any form of fraud based
on recklessness or negligence.

Freddie Mac
means the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, a government sponsored enterprise duly organized and existing under the laws of the
United States.

FTC
is defined in Section 7.3(c).

Fundamental
Representations means, collectively, the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1(a) (Organization;
Qualification), Section 3.2 (Authorization), Section 3.3 (Execution; Validity of Agreement), Section 3.5
(Capitalization; Ownership; Subsidiaries), Section 4.1 (Organization), Section 4.2 (Authorization),
Section 4.3 (Execution; Validity of Agreement) and Section 4.6 (Title).

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

GNMA
means the Government National Mortgage Association.

Good Faith Deposit
means any good faith deposit delivered to an Investor, or held by the Company or its Affiliates on behalf of an Investor, in each case,
pursuant to a Trade Confirmation for a so-called TBA Security.

Governmental Entity
means any multinational, foreign, domestic, federal, territorial, state or local governmental authority, quasi-governmental agency or
authority, court, administrative agency, tribunal, regulator, arbitrator, authority, agency, commission, official, government or self-regulatory
organization or other instrumentality, or any political or other subdivision, department or branch of any of the foregoing.

11

Governmental Order
means any order, writ, judgment, lien, directive, injunction, decree, stipulation, subpoena, written determination or award entered by
or with any Governmental Entity.

Hazardous Substance(s)
means any substance, material or waste (regardless of physical form or concentration) defined, listed or regulated, or that forms the
basis of liability, under Environmental Laws, and includes petroleum (or any fraction thereof), asbestos or asbestos-containing materials,
polychlorinated biphenyls, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, organofluorines, 1,4-dioxane, medical wastes, toxic mold, and radioactive
materials.

HSR Act
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or in respect of
loans or advances or the issuance and sale of debt securities and all accrued interest thereon, (b) all obligations evidenced by
promissory notes, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor pursuant
to any letter of credit, performance bond, surety bond or similar instruments, including the Operating Line of Credit (excluding amounts
in respect of any undrawn or stand-by letters of credit, performance bonds, surety bonds or similar instruments) but only to the extent
duly drawn, exercised or called pursuant to the terms thereof, (d) any obligation in respect of leases that are classified as capital
or finance leases in the Audited Financial Statements or the Interim Management Financial Statements or leases that should be classified
as capital or finance leases under GAAP and any obligations under synthetic lease obligations and sale leaseback obligations, whether
secured or unsecured, (e) Accrued Income Taxes, (f) all obligations of such Person under any Contract with respect to any swap,
forward, future or derivative transaction or any option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, any rate, currency,
commodity, price of any equity or debt security or instrument or any economic, financial or pricing index or measure of economic, financial
or pricing risk or value, or any similar transaction or combination of the foregoing transactions, (g) all accrued interest, premiums,
penalties, fees, expenses, breakage costs, and change of control payments required to be paid in respect of any of the foregoing on prepayment
(regardless of whether any of the foregoing has been paid as of anytime of determination) as a result of the consummation of the Transactions,
(h) any off-balance sheet liability or commitments connected to factoring or to pledging or assignment of receivables, (i) any
obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, (j) any amounts actually due and payable by such Person
in connection with any failure to timely deliver any security pursuant to any Trade Confirmations, (k) accrued and unpaid severance
obligations, (l) accrued and unpaid deferred retirement liabilities owed to employees, (m) the Specified Litigation Amount,
(n) all non-trading amounts owed to the Existing Equityholders or any of their Affiliates (e.g., a transaction fee) that
are unpaid as of the Effective Time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any payments owed pursuant to the Servicing Agreement or
the Correspondent Agreement), (o) any obligations in respect of unfunded or underfunded deferred compensation plans, including the
employer portion of any applicable taxes, and (p) all indebtedness of others referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above
guaranteed by such Person or otherwise secured by liens on the assets of such Person. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables incurred
in the ordinary course of business to the extent included in the calculation of Company Net Working Capital, (ii) obligations in
respect of any lease that is properly accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP, (iii) principal obligations under the Warehouse
Lines of Credit; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, interest payable under the Warehouse Lines of Credit shall be included
as Indebtedness, (iv) capital commitments in respect of Joint Venture Entities, and (v) amounts included as Current
Liabilities.

12

Insider Receivable
is defined in Section 3.6(d).

Insurance Policies
is defined in Section 3.12.

Intellectual Property
means Marks, Patents, Copyrights, Trade Secrets, Software, and internet domain name registrations.

Interim Management
Financial Statements means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (excluding
the Joint Venture Entities) as of December 31, 2024 and the unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries (excluding the Joint Venture Entities) for the nine month period then ended, in each case prepared by the
management of the Company.

Interim Period
means the period of time beginning as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and ending on the earlier to occur of the Closing
and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.1.

Investment Advisers
Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.

Investment Company
Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Investor
means Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, GNMA or any other private or public investor or credit enhancer for which the Company is originating
and/or has sold and has been or, prior to the Closing, will be servicing, Mortgage Loans.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Joint Venture Entities
means NewPoint + More Capital Affordable Fund LLC and NewPoint JV LLC.

Licenses and Permits
is defined in Section 3.15(b).

Licenses and Permits
Consents is defined in Section 8.1(c).

Look-Back Date
means January 1, 2022.

Losses
means losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, interest, judgments, awards, fines, assessments, costs, expenses, sanctions,
charges, and penalties incurred in defense or settlement of actions, suits, claims and proceedings, including reasonable attorneys
fees and other reasonable expenses of litigation or similar proceedings.

Marks
means statutory and common law trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, trade names, business names, and other names, and the goodwill
associated therewith, and all registrations and applications to register the same, under the laws of the United States or any foreign
country.

13

Material Adverse
Effect means any event, change, circumstance or effect that would have or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole; provided,
however, any event, change, circumstance or effect arising out of, resulting from or attributable to any of the following shall
not constitute a Material Adverse Effect or be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would
be reasonably likely to occur: (a) an event or series of events or circumstances affecting (i) the United States or global
economy generally or capital, credit or financial markets generally, including changes in interest or exchange rates, (ii) political
conditions generally of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including any potential or actual government shutdown, federal debt
ceiling or banking or credit crisis or (iii) the industries generally in which any Acquired Entity operates or in which services
of any Acquired Entity are used; (b) the negotiation, execution or announcement of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents or the consummation of the Transactions, including any loss of, or disruption in, any business relationships, or any loss of
personnel; (c) any changes in Applicable Law or the enforcement or interpretation thereof (including any quarantine, shelter
in place, stay at home, workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester or other Applicable
Law, order, directive, guidelines or recommendations by any Governmental Entity); (d) any changes in GAAP or the interpretation
thereof; (e) any action taken or omitted at Purchasers express written direction or with Purchasers express written
consent; (f) any earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster; (g) any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other health
crisis or public health event, or the worsening of any of the foregoing; (h) any hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or
military actions, or any escalation or worsening thereof; (i) any failure to meet internal or published Projections, estimates or
forecasts of revenues, earnings, or other measures of financial or operating performance for any period (provided, however,
that the underlying causes of such failures shall not be excluded, subject to the other provisions of this definition); or (j) the
availability or cost of equity, debt or other financing to Purchaser or its Affiliates; provided, however, that in the
case of the foregoing clauses (a), (c), (d), (f), (g) and (h), such events, changes, circumstances and effects shall be taken into
account to the extent the Acquired Entities are adversely affected in a manner disproportionate to other participants in the industries
in which the Acquired Entities operate.

Material Contracts
is defined in Section 3.11(a).

Material Program
Contracts is defined in Section 3.11(a).

Meridian
means Meridian Capital Group, LLC and its controlled Affiliates, excluding the Acquired Entities.

Mortgage
means a mortgage, deed of trust, security deed or other security instrument securing a Mortgage Note.

Mortgage Loan
means a mortgage loan originated by an Acquired Entity under a mortgage loan program established by a Program Lender.

14

Mortgage Loan Schedule
means the list of all of the outstanding Mortgage Loans and Serviced Loans as of the date of such schedule, including lien priority,
attached here as Schedule 3.22(a).

Mortgage Note
means a written promise to pay or repay a sum of money and interest at a fixed or variable interest rate during a specified term that
evidences a Mortgage Loan.

Mortgage Servicing
Agreement means an agreement between an Acquired Entity, on the one hand, and an Investor, a servicer or other party, on the
other hand, setting forth the terms and conditions under which Serviced Loans have been and are to be serviced or subserviced by the
Company or which may be incorporated in general guidelines and rule issuances of a Program Lender, including provisions setting
out loss-sharing, pass-through, co-insurance and similar obligations, and all amendments and modifications to such agreement.

Mortgaged Property
means the parcel or parcels of property securing a Mortgage Note and which is the subject of the related Mortgage.

Neutral Accountant
means Deloitte LLP or another independent certified public accounting firm of national reputation mutually satisfactory to Purchaser
and the Representatives.

NYSE
means the New York Stock Exchange.

Non-Party Affiliates
is defined in Section 12.6.

Non-Registered
Fund means any pooled investment vehicle for which any Acquired Entity acts as investment adviser and general partner, managing
member or sponsor, other than (i) any pooled investment vehicle registered as an investment company (or series thereof) registered
under the Investment Company Act or any comparable Law or (ii) any carry vehicle or general partner (or similar entity).

Objection Notice
is defined in Section 2.4(b).

OFAC
means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

Off-the-Shelf Software
means commercially available off-the-shelf Software used or held for use by any Acquired Entity (i) for which the cost of acquiring
or licensing of such Software does not exceed, individually or in the aggregate for such Software, a one-time or annual fee of $50,000,
(ii) that is not material to the operation of the business of any Acquired Entity specifically (i.e., as opposed to generally material
to the operation of businesses of participants in the industries in which the Acquired Entities conduct their businesses, such as word
processing, general ledger and cloud storage Software), (iii) is not distributed or made available by such Acquired Entity to any
third party as part of, or incorporated into, any software or hardware product or service of any Acquired Entity, and (iv) that
has not been modified or customized by a third party for any Acquired Entity (other than in the ordinary course in connection with implementation
or configuration of such Software).

Operating Document
means with respect to any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other legally authorized incorporated or unincorporated
entity, the bylaws, operating agreement, partnership agreement, trust agreement, or other applicable documents relating to the operation,
governance or management of such entity.

15

Operating Line
of Credit means that certain line of credit set forth on Schedule 1.1(b).

Organizational
Document means with respect to any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other legally authorized incorporated
or unincorporated entity, the articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, articles of organization, articles of association,
certificate of formation or other applicable organizational or charter documents relating to the creation of such entity.

Outside Date
is defined in Section 11.1(b).

Owned Company Software
means all Software in which any Acquired Entity has (or purports to have) an ownership interest or an exclusive license or similar exclusive
right in any field or territory.

Owned Registered
Intellectual Property is defined in Section 3.18(a).

Party
means any of the parties to this Agreement and Parties means all of the parties to this Agreement.

Pass-Through Tax
Return means any income Tax Return filed by or with respect to the Company and each entity in which the Company directly or
indirectly holds an interest for any Pre-Closing Tax Period to the extent that (a) one or more of the Company or such entity is
treated as a pass-through entity for purposes of such income Tax Return and (b) items reflected on such income Tax Return are also
reflected (directly or indirectly) on the income Tax Returns of the owners of the Company (or their direct or indirect beneficial owners).

Patents
means issued United States and foreign patents and pending patent applications, patent disclosures, and any and all divisions, continuations,
continuations-in-part, reissues and reexaminations thereof.

Permitted Encumbrances
means: (a) statutory or consensual Encumbrances of landlords and mechanics, carriers, workmens, repairmens,
warehousemens, materialmens or similar Encumbrances arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts
not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (b) Encumbrances for Taxes, assessments
and any other governmental charges which are not delinquent or which may hereafter be paid without penalty; (c) Encumbrances which,
individually or in the aggregate, do not materially impair the ordinary course of the business of the Acquired Entities or were incurred
in the ordinary course of business to secure liabilities or obligations that are not material to the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole;
(d) Encumbrances with respect to the Warehouse Lines of Credit or that will be terminated or released at or prior to Closing; (e) Encumbrances
incurred or deposits made in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other similar types of social security
programs or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts,
performance and return of money bonds and similar obligations, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (f) Encumbrances
arising or resulting from any facts or circumstances relating to Purchaser or the Purchaser Related Parties; (g) any minor imperfection
of title or recorded easements, covenants, conditions or other restrictions (including rights of way, zoning and setback requirements)
that individually or in the aggregate with all other such items would not reasonably be expected to result in a material reduction in
the value of, or interfere in any material respect with the use or operation of, the assets of the Acquired Entities affected by such
items; (h) in the case of Intellectual Property, licenses, options to license or covenants not to assert claims of infringement;
(i) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted to other Persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the business
of the Acquired Entities; (j) Encumbrances in favor of a banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of Applicable
Law encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution; and (k) Encumbrances set forth on Schedule 3.9(a).

16

Person
means a natural person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any
other legal entity, including any Governmental Entity.

Personal Information
means any information that can reasonably be used to identify a natural Person that is collected, used or stored by or on behalf of an
Acquired Entity in the conduct of its business.

Position Statement
is defined in Section 2.4(c).

Pre-Closing Tax
Period means all taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date and the portion through the end of the Closing Date
for any taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date, including the portion of any Straddle Period ending on the
Closing Date.

Pre-Closing Tax
Return is defined in Section 9.3.

Privileged Communications
is defined in Section 12.11(b).

Program Lender
means (a) each of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA and GNMA, and (b) to the extent applicable, third parties, and each of their
respective successor entities (as applicable) that holds, controls, owns, insures or guarantees the performance of the applicable Mortgage
Loans or Serviced Loans (and, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Person that may own, control, hold or guarantee the performance
of such Serviced Loans in a manner similar to that currently provided by the Company and excluding any Borrower or any guarantor of any
Borrower under such Mortgage Loans or Serviced Loans).

Program Lender
Consents is defined in Section 8.1(c).

Projections
means, collectively, any projections, business plan information, estimates, forecasts, budgets, pro-forma financial information or similar
information communicated (orally or in writing, in any confidential information memorandum, management presentation or otherwise) to
or made available to Purchaser or its Affiliates or representatives concerning, among other things, future revenues, profitability, expenses,
expenditures or prospects, future results of operations (or any component thereof) or future cash flows (or any component thereof) of
any Acquired Entity.

17

Purchased Interests
is defined in the recitals hereof.

Purchaser
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Purchaser OP
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Purchaser OP Operating
Agreement means the Operating Document of Purchaser OP, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (with such modifications
made by FBRT that (a) are not amendments or modifications to Article XIV thereof or its related defined terms, (b) would
otherwise be permitted under the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement if such modifications or amendments were made following Closing, without
the Consent of the Non-Managing Members (as defined therein) and (c) would not otherwise be prohibited without the consent of an
Existing Equityholder pursuant to Section 14.1.C of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement if such modifications or amendments were
made following Closing.

Purchaser TRS
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Purchaser Material
Adverse Effect means any event, change, circumstance or effect that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially
impair or delay the ability of Purchaser to consummate the Closing.

Purchaser Related
Parties means Purchaser, each of its Affiliates, and each of Purchasers and its Affiliates respective stockholders
(other than stockholders that solely hold interests of Purchaser or its Affiliates that are traded on a stock exchange) officers, directors,
employees, partners, members, managers, agents, attorneys, representatives, successors and permitted assigns, including each Acquired
Entity from and after the Closing.

Purchaser Released
Matters is defined in Section 7.15(b).

Purchaser Released
Party is defined in Section 7.15(b).

Purchaser Releasing
Party is defined in Section 7.15(b).

Real Property
is defined in Section 3.10(a).

Real Property Leases
is defined in Section 3.10(a).

Registered Intellectual
Property means all United States (a) Patents, (b) registered Marks, applications to register Marks, intent to use
applications or other registrations or applications related to Marks, (c) registered Copyrights and applications for Copyright registration,
and (d) internet domain name registrations.

Reorganization
is defined in Schedule 8.1(h).

Required
OP Unit Documents means (a) a joinder to the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement, (b) the Accredited Investor Questionnaire,
(c) an IRS Form W-9, and (d) such other documents as Purchaser OP reasonably requires, including a prospective
unitholder information form or income tax information reporting forms, in order to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and confirm each Existing Equityholders status as an Accredited Investor.

18

Required Warehouse
LOC Consents is defined in Section 8.1(d).

Release
means any release, threatened release, emission, spill, seepage, leak, escape, leaching, discharge, injection, pumping, pouring, emptying,
dumping, deposit, disposal or migration of any Hazardous Substance from any source into, out of, upon or through the indoor or outdoor
environment.

Representatives
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Representative
Holdback Amount means $1,000,000.

Resolution Period
is defined in Section 2.4(c).

Restricted
Cash means cash that is not freely usable because it is subject to restrictions, limitations or taxes on use or distribution
by Law or Contract, including restrictions on dividends and repatriations or any other form of restriction or any restricted investment
securities held as collateral to meet liquidity reserve requirements, cash held in reserves for the Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting
and Servicing Program.

Review Period
is defined in Section 2.4(a).

R&W Policy
is defined in the recitals hereof.

Sanctions Authority
means the respective governmental institutions and agencies of the United States (including the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Commerce
Department and the U.S. State Department), the United Kingdom, the European Union, the United Nations Security Council, or any other
national or supra-national governmental authority with jurisdiction over any Acquired Entity.

Sanctions Laws
means applicable economic or financial sanctions laws and/or regulations, trade embargoes, prohibitions, restrictive measures, binding
decisions, binding executive orders or binding notices from regulators implemented, adopted, imposed, administered, enacted and/or enforced
by any Sanctions Authority.

Scheduled Closing
Date is defined in Section 2.2.

Schedules
means the disclosure schedules delivered to Purchaser by the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933.

Serviced Loan
means an outstanding mortgage loan that is serviced or subserviced by any of the Acquired Entities under any Mortgage Servicing Agreement.

19

Servicing Agreement
means the servicing agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, to be executed by and between Barings
LLC and the Company.

Specified Clients
means the Clients under the Specified Advisory Agreement.

Specified Advisory
Agreement means the Contract set forth on Schedule 1.1(d).

Specified Client
Consent is defined in Section 7.3(g).

Specified Litigation
means the matter described in Schedule 1.1(a).

Specified Litigation
Amount means an amount equal to $0, or, solely to the extent the Specified Litigation is not settled and paid prior to the
Effective Time, an amount equal to $150,000.

Software
means computer software programs and associated documentation.

Straddle Period
means any taxable period that begins before and ends after the Closing Date.

Subject Parties
is defined in Section 12.11(a).

Subsequent Unaudited
Financial Statements is defined in Section 7.13(b).

Subsidiary
of any Person means any other Person of which such first Person owns (either directly or through one or more other Subsidiaries) a majority
of the outstanding Equity Interests or Equity Interests carrying a majority of the voting power in the election of the board of directors,
board of managers or other governing body of such other Person.

Target Net Working
Capital means an amount equal to negative $10,331,782.

Tax Contests
is defined in Section 3.17(c).

Tax Return
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement filed or required to be filed with any Governmental
Entity with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendment thereof.

Taxes
means any federal, state, local or non-U.S. taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all income, gross receipts,
capital, net worth, profits, inventory, capital stock, withholding, alternative minimum, add-on minimum, unemployment compensation, payroll,
social security, workers compensation, transfer, excise, privilege, property and personal property, ad valorem, franchise, license,
sales, use, value added, stamp, estimated, or other tax of any kind or any charge of any kind in the nature of (or similar to) taxes
whatsoever and any other similar assessment or governmental charge or imposition under Applicable Law, and any interest and penalties,
additions to tax or additional amounts imposed with respect thereto whether disputed or not.

Third Party Consents
is defined in Section 7.3(d).

20

Title IV Benefit
Plan means a Benefit Plan that is subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, including
any Benefit Plan that is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37)(A) of ERISA.

Trade Confirmation
means a trade confirmation, commitment letter or similar agreement pursuant to which any Acquired Entity is obligated to sell a bond
to be backed by, or other interest in, a Mortgage Loan, and an Investor is obligated to purchase such bond or other interest.

Trade Secret
means all information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique or process, that (a) derives
independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other Persons who can obtain
economic value from its disclosure or use, and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain
its secrecy.

Transaction Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Correspondent Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each other agreement,
certificate, instrument and document executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5, Section 2.6, Section 2.7
and Section 2.8.

Transactions
means all of the transactions provided for in, or contemplated by, this Agreement.

Transfer
is defined in Section 4.5(b).

Transfer Taxes
is defined in Section 9.1.

Treasury Regulations
means the regulations promulgated under the Code.

Warehouse Lines
of Credit means those certain lines of credit between set forth on Schedule 1.1(c).

WARN Act
means the United States Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988.

Willful and Material
Breach means a material breach that is a consequence of a deliberate act or deliberate failure to act undertaken by the breaching
party with the actual knowledge that the taking of, or failure to take, such act would cause or constitute or would reasonably be expected
to cause or constitute a material breach of this Agreement. For the purposes of this definition, failure to close when all of the conditions
to the Closing set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied or waived at the Closing) will be deemed a Willful and Material Breach by the breaching party.

21

Article II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE PURCHASED INTERESTS

Section 2.1 Sale
and Transfer of Purchased Interests. On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement at the Closing, the Existing
Equityholders shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase, acquire and accept from the
Existing Equityholders, all right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Interests, free and clear of all Encumbrances, in consideration
of (a) the payment to the Existing Equityholders (in accordance with the Consideration Allocation Schedule) by Purchaser OP or Purchaser
TRS of the Estimated Base Purchase Price and (b) the issuance to the Existing Equityholders (in accordance with the Consideration
Allocation Schedule) by Purchaser OP of the Equity Consideration. For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser shall have no liability in respect
of any claim by or on behalf of any Existing Equityholder regarding the amount of consideration received by such Existing Equityholder
so long as Purchaser has paid/issued the consideration in accordance with the Consideration Allocation Schedule.

Section 2.2 The
Closing. Subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent legally permitted, the waiver) of the conditions set forth in Article VIII,
the closing of the Transactions (the Closing) shall take place remotely via the electronic exchange of documents
and signatures (a) at 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the third (3rd) Business Day after the conditions set forth
in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the Closing,
but the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions at the Closing) or (b) at such other time and
place or on such other date as Purchaser and the Company may mutually agree in writing (such date referred to in clause (a) or (b),
the Scheduled Closing Date). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the Scheduled Closing Date falls on or after
the fifteenth (15th) day of any month, Purchaser, in its sole discretion by written notice to the Representatives, may extend
the Closing to 9:00 am New York City time on the first (1st) Business Day of the calendar month immediately succeeding the
Scheduled Closing Date (such extension of the Closing, the Extension Period), which written notice shall include
Purchasers (x) irrevocable waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 other than (1) the condition
set forth in Section 8.1(e), but solely with respect to a Willful and Material Breach that occurred during the Extension
Period, (2) the condition set forth in Section 8.1(f), but solely with respect to a Willful and Material Breach of Section 7.1
that occurred during the Extension Period, and (3) the condition set forth in Section 8.1(i) and (y) Purchasers
irrevocable agreement that it stands ready, willing and able consummate the Closing at 9:00 a.m. on the last day of the Extension
Period, subject solely to (A) the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 8.1(e), but solely with respect
to there not having been a Willful and Material Breach that occurred during the Extension Period, (B) the satisfaction of the condition
set forth in Section 8.1(f), but solely with respect to there not having occurred any Willful and Material Breach of Section 7.1
during the Extension Period, and (C) the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 8.1(i). The date on
which the Closing actually occurs pursuant to this Section 2.2 is referred to herein as the Closing Date.
The failure to consummate the Transactions on the date and time and at the place determined pursuant to this Section 2.2
shall not, in and of itself, result in the termination of this Agreement and shall not, in and of itself, relieve any Party of any obligation
under this Agreement.

Section 2.3 Purchase
Price and Related Matters.

(a) Payment
of Estimated Base Purchase Price. At the Closing, Purchaser shall pay to the Existing Equityholders, in accordance with the proportions
specified by the Representatives in a written notice to Purchaser delivered at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing
Date (the Consideration Allocation Schedule), an amount equal to the (i) Estimated Base Purchase Price, minus
(ii)the Representative Holdback Amount, minus (iii) the Escrow Amount (such difference, the Closing
Cash Payment), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts designated in the Consideration Allocation
Schedule.

22

(b) Issuance
of Equity Consideration. At the Closing, Purchaser OP shall issue the Equity Consideration to the Existing Equityholders, free and
clear of all Encumbrances (other than those imposed under the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement), in accordance with the Consideration
Allocation Schedule.

(c) Company
Transaction Expenses. At the Closing, Purchaser shall (on behalf of the Acquired Entities), or shall cause the Acquired Entities
to (and shall provide sufficient funds to the Acquired Entities to enable them to), pay all of the Estimated Company Transaction Expenses
identified on the Closing Date Consideration Schedule; provided, however, that with respect to any such payments to be
made to current or former managers, officers or employees of any Acquired Entity that are compensatory in nature, Purchaser shall provide
sufficient funds to such Acquired Entity to enable it to make such payments, and Purchaser shall cause such Acquired Entity to make such
payments on the Closing Date (or if not practicable, on the next regular payroll date of the applicable Acquired Entity), subject to,
and net of, the amount of any applicable employment, payroll and income Tax withholdings.

(d) Closing
Date Consideration Schedule. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall provide to Purchaser
a copy of the Closing Date Consideration Schedule, delivered with reasonable supporting detail with respect to the calculation of the
amounts contained therein. The Company will take into consideration, in good faith, any proposed revisions to the Closing Date Consideration
Schedule as are reasonable and presented by Purchaser in good faith prior to the Closing Date, and, to the extent that the Company agrees
with any such revisions, the Company shall update the Closing Date Consideration Schedule to reflect any such agreed revisions (which
updated version shall be considered the Closing Date Consideration Schedule for all purposes hereunder). If the Company does not agree
to any or all of the proposed revisions presented by Purchaser, (i) the Company shall not be obligated to incorporate any such disputed
revisions and any failure to so agree shall not under any circumstance delay the Closing, (ii) the Closing Date Consideration Schedule
shall be binding for purposes of (but only for purposes of) this Section 2.3(d), and (iii) the amounts payable at Closing
pursuant to Section 2.3(a) shall be calculated as set forth in the Closing Date Consideration Schedule provided by the
Company to Purchaser (and, if applicable, as modified to reflect any revisions proposed by Purchaser and agreed to by the Company).

(e) Escrow.
Prior to the Closing, the Representatives shall select a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to Purchaser to act as escrow agent
under this Agreement (the Escrow Agent). On the Closing Date, Purchaser and the Representatives shall enter into
a customary escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, the Representatives and
the Escrow Agent (the Escrow Agreement). At the Closing, Purchaser shall deposit with the Escrow Agent an amount
equal to the Escrow Amount, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated in writing by the Escrow Agent
at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing. The escrow fund established pursuant to the Escrow Agreement in respect of
the Escrow Amount is referred to herein as the Escrow Fund. The Escrow Fund shall be released as provided in Section 2.4(e).

23

(f) Representative
Holdback Amount. At the Closing, Purchaser shall deposit with the Representatives an amount equal to the Representative Holdback
Amount, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account(s) designated in writing by the Representatives at least
three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing.

Section 2.4 Post-Closing
Adjustment.

(a) Delivery
of Closing Date Adjustment Schedule. Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Purchaser, at its expense, shall prepare
and deliver to the Representatives a schedule, calculated in accordance with the applicable definitions set forth in this Agreement and
the Applicable Accounting Principles (the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule), setting forth a statement of Purchasers
good faith calculations, of (i) Company Net Working Capital and reflecting the components (and the amounts thereof) necessary to
compute Company Net Working Capital, (ii) Company Net Working Capital Adjustment, (iii) Company Unrestricted Cash, (iv) Company
Transaction Expenses, (v) Company Indebtedness and (vi) the computation of the proposed Final Base Purchase Price and the proposed
amount payable from the Escrow Fund, if any, pursuant to Section 2.4(e) based on the foregoing, together with reasonable
supporting detail with respect to the calculation of the amounts contained therein. If Purchaser fails to deliver the Closing Date Adjustment
Schedule on or before the ninetieth (90th) day following the Closing Date, the Representatives may elect in their sole discretion
to either (x) deem the Final Base Purchase Price to equal the Estimated Base Purchase Price for all purposes hereunder (and if the
Representatives so elect, Purchaser shall have no further rights or remedies in respect of any adjustment of the Estimated Base Purchase
Price pursuant to this Section 2.4 or otherwise) or (y) require Purchaser to comply with the foregoing covenant and
deliver the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule. The Representatives shall have the right to review the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule
for a period of thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule by Purchaser (the Review Period).
Until the Company Net Working Capital, Company Net Working Capital Adjustment, Company Unrestricted Cash, Company Transaction Expenses,
Company Indebtedness and the Final Base Purchase Price become final and binding pursuant to this Section 2.4, each of Purchaser
and the Representatives shall make the work papers (to the extent permitted by the applicable independent accountant and subject to any
confidentiality, access or similar requirements or restrictions of such independent accountant in connection with such access), back-up
materials and books and records available to the other Party and their respective accountants promptly upon the reasonable request by
such other Party, to the extent reasonably requested in connection with such other Partys review of the Closing Date Adjustment
Schedule or any resolution of any dispute with respect thereto. The Parties agree that the purpose of preparing the Closing Date Adjustment
Schedule and determining the components thereof and the related purchase price adjustment contemplated by this Section 2.4
is to measure changes in the Closing Date Consideration Schedule and the components thereof and such processes are not intended to permit
the introduction of different accounting judgments, methods, policies, principles, practices, procedures, classifications, or estimation
methodologies from such accounting judgments, methods, policies, principles, practices, procedures, classifications, or accounting methodologies
as agreed upon in this Agreement for the purpose of preparing the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule or determining any component thereof.

24

(b) Objections.
The Representatives shall have the right to object to any amount or computation appearing in the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule by
notifying Purchaser in writing of such objections, setting forth in reasonable detail the specific items and amounts in dispute (the
Objection Notice), prior to the expiration of the Review Period. All items and amounts identified in the Closing
Date Adjustment Schedule, other than the items disputed in an Objection Notice (the Disputed Items) shall be final
and binding upon the Parties and shall not be considered to be in dispute; provided that any items or amounts corresponding to
an amount identified by the Representative as disputed shall also be considered Disputed Items if so designated as disputed by Purchaser.
If the Representatives do not provide an Objection Notice prior to the expiration of the Review Period, Company Net Working Capital,
Company Net Working Capital Adjustment, Company Unrestricted Cash, Company Transaction Expenses, Company Indebtedness and the Final Base
Purchase Price, in each case as set forth on the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule, shall be determinative for purposes of this Section 2.4
and shall be final and binding on all of the Parties.

(c) Resolution
of Disputes. If the Representatives provide an Objection Notice prior to the expiration of the Review Period, the Representatives
and Purchaser shall, during the thirty (30)-day period following the delivery of the Objection Notice, attempt in good faith jointly
to resolve the Disputed Items (the Resolution Period). In the event the Representatives and Purchaser have not resolved
all of the Disputed Items by the end of the Resolution Period, then all Disputed Items remaining in dispute shall be submitted by Purchaser
and the Representatives to the Neutral Accountant to resolve any items that remain in dispute. The Neutral Accountant shall be engaged
by Purchaser and the Representatives no later than ten (10) Business Days following the conclusion of the Resolution Period. Each
of Purchaser and the Representatives agrees to promptly execute, if requested by the Neutral Accountant, a customary engagement letter
with respect to the determination to be made by the Neutral Accountant with respect to the Disputed Items remaining in dispute in accordance
with this Section 2.4(c). Within thirty (30) days following such engagement, Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Representatives,
on the other hand, shall present their respective positions on such remaining Disputed Items to the Neutral Accountant in writing (each,
a Position Statement), and each of Purchaser and the Representatives shall be entitled, as part of its presentation,
to respond to the presentation of the other presenter and any questions and requests of the Neutral Accountant. The Parties shall use
their reasonable best efforts to cause the Neutral Accountant, within thirty (30) days thereafter, acting as an expert and not an arbitrator,
to resolve only the Disputed Items not resolved by the Representatives and Purchaser during the Resolution Period; provided, however,
that neither Purchaser nor the Representatives may submit a Position Statement that contains a proposal as to any component of the Final
Base Purchase Price that, in the case of the Position Statement of Purchaser, is more adverse to the Representatives (or the Existing
Equityholders) as compared to the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule or, in the case of the Position Statement of the Representatives,
is more adverse to Purchaser as compared to the Objection Notice. In deciding any matter, the Neutral Accountant (i) shall be bound
by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the definitions of Company Net Working Capital, Company Net Working Capital
Adjustment, Company Unrestricted Cash, Company Transaction Expenses and Company Indebtedness, and the Applicable Accounting Principles,
and (ii) the resolution by the Neutral Accountant of such matters shall be within the range of the amounts claimed by the Representatives
and Purchaser in their respective Position Statements, and the Neutral Accountants determination shall be based upon and consistent
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and with the undisputed portions of the Closing Date Adjustment Schedule. The determination
by the Neutral Accountant shall be based on the Position Statements of Purchaser and Representatives with respect to such Disputed Items
and not on the Neutral Accountants independent review. Purchaser and the Representatives shall provide copies to one another of
all Position Statements provided to the Neutral Accountant and shall be permitted to attend (and shall receive reasonable advance written
notice of) any meeting with or presentations to the Neutral Accountant. The fees, costs and expenses of the Neutral Accountant shall
be allocated between the Representatives, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, in the same proportion that the aggregate
amount of the Disputed Items submitted to the Neutral Accountant that are unsuccessfully disputed by each such Party (as finally determined
by the Neutral Accountant) bears to the total amount of such Disputed Items so submitted. By way of illustration, if the Representatives
submit $500,000 of Disputed Items to the Neutral Accountant, and the Neutral Accountant determines that the Representatives position
is correct as to $400,000 of the Disputed Items, then Purchaser would bear eighty percent (80%) and Representatives would bear twenty
percent (20%) of the Neutral Accountants fees, costs and expenses.

25

(d) Company
Net Working Capital, Company Net Working Capital Adjustment, Company Unrestricted Cash, Company Transaction Expenses and Company Indebtedness,
in each case, as finally determined pursuant to Section 2.4(a), Section 2.4(b) or Section 2.4(c), are referred
to herein as Final Company Net Working Capital, Final Company Net Working Capital Adjustment,
Final Company Unrestricted Cash, Final Company Transaction Expenses and Final Company
Indebtedness, respectively, and each of Final Company Net Working Capital, Final Company Net Working Capital Adjustment, Final
Company Unrestricted Cash, Final Company Transaction Expenses and Final Company Indebtedness, and Final Base Purchase Price based thereon
(collectively, the Final Amounts), shall be determinative for purposes of this Section 2.4 and shall
be final and binding on all of the Parties.

(e) Payment.
Following the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4:

(i) If
the Final Base Purchase Price is less than the Estimated Base Purchase Price, then, within three (3) Business Days following the
final determination of the Final Base Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2.4(a), Section 2.4(b) or Section 2.4(c),
as applicable, Purchaser and the Representatives shall cause the Escrow Agent to immediately release from the Escrow Fund (A) to
Purchaser, an amount equal to such shortfall (or to the extent such shortfall exceeds the Escrow Fund, an amount equal to the Escrow
Fund), and (B) to the Representatives (for further distribution to the Existing Equityholders), the balance, if any, of the Escrow
Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Purchaser be entitled to recover an amount that exceeds the amount of funds in the
Escrow Fund.

(ii) If
the Final Base Purchase Price is equal to or exceeds the Estimated Base Purchase Price, then within three (3) Business Days following
the final determination of the Final Base Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2.4(a), Section 2.4(b) or Section 2.4(c),
as applicable, (A) Purchaser shall pay to the Company (for further distribution to the Existing Equityholders) an amount equal to
any such excess via wire transfer of immediately available funds, and (B) Purchaser and the Representatives shall cause the Escrow
Agent to immediately release the balance of the Escrow Fund to the Representatives (for further distribution to the Existing Equityholders).

26

(iii) Any
payment made after the Closing pursuant to this Section 2.4(e) shall be treated by all Parties as an adjustment to the
Final Base Purchase Price for all purposes, including Tax.

(f) Final
and Binding Adjustment. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the adjustment provisions set forth in this Section 2.4
shall be final and binding on the Parties with respect to (i) determining whether or not any adjustment is required to be made to
the Estimated Base Purchase Price pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) determining the amount of any such adjustment.

(g) Payment
of Certain Amounts. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.4 to the contrary, if and to the extent there are any
amounts included as components of Final Company Transaction Expenses, and therefore taken into account in calculating the Final Base
Purchase Price but that were not paid at the Closing pursuant to Section 2.3(c) to the third party that such amounts
are owed, then Purchaser shall (on behalf of the Acquired Entities), or shall provide sufficient funds to the Acquired Entities to enable
them to, pay all of such amounts to such third parties.

(h) Payments
of the Escrow Amount and Representative Holdback Amount. Payments of the Escrow Amount and Representative Holdback Amount shall be
treated as a taxable sale for cash, which the parties, in the case of the Escrow Amount, intend to report under the installment method
under Section 453 of the Code if paid in a taxable year following the taxable year of Closing, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Laws.

(i) Joint
Venture Entities. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the
Joint Venture Entities be Acquired Entities for purposes of the calculation of the Estimated Base Purchase Price or the Final Base Purchase
Price (or any of the components thereof).

Section 2.5 Closing
Deliveries of the Company. At or before the Closing, the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Purchaser the following
(delivery of any of which may be waived by Purchaser):

(a) Bringdown
Certificate. A certificate, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Company as of the Closing Date, certifying that the conditions
specified in each of Section 8.1(e) (solely with respect to the Company), Section 8.1(f) and Section 8.1(g) have
been satisfied.

(b) Tax
Certificates. A duly executed IRS Form W-9 from the Company and the Existing Equityholders (or, if an Existing Equityholder
is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its regarded owner).

(c) Servicing
Agreement. The Servicing Agreement, duly executed by the Company and Barings LLC.

(d) Correspondent
Agreement. The Correspondent Agreement duly executed by the Company and Meridian.

27

(e) Escrow
Agreement. The Escrow Agreement, duly executed by the Representatives
and the Escrow Agent.

(f) Data
Room USB. Copies of the Data Room in USB flash drive or other format acceptable to the insurer or insurers under the R&W Policy.

(g) Other
Agreements. A duly executed counterpart to each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company or any Acquired Entity is
a party.

(h) Form BD
and A-12 Withdrawal. Copies of (i) the Broker-Dealers Form BDW reflecting its submission through the FINRA Gateway,
(ii) all of the Broker Dealers registered representatives Form U5s reflecting their submission through the FINRA
Gateway, and (iii) the Broker-Dealers Form A-12 reflecting its withdrawal through the Municipal Securities Rulemaking
Board Gateway.

Section 2.6 Closing
Deliveries of Existing Equityholders. At or before the Closing, each Existing Equityholder shall deliver, or cause to be delivered,
to Purchaser the following (delivery of any of which may be waived by Purchaser):

(a) Bringdown
Certificate. A certificate, duly executed by an authorized officer of such Existing Equityholder as of the Closing Date, certifying
that the condition specified Section 8.1(e) (solely with respect to such Existing Equityholder) has been satisfied.

(b) Required
OP Unit Documents. Duly completed and executed Required OP Unit Documents from such Existing Unitholder at least two (2) Business
Days prior to the Closing Date confirming, to Purchaser OPs reasonable satisfaction, such Existing Equityholders status
as an Accredited Investor.

Section 2.7 Closing
Deliveries of Purchaser. At or before the Closing, in addition to making the payments specified in Section 2.3, Purchaser
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Company the following (delivery of any of which may be waived by the Company):

(a) Bringdown
Certificate. A certificate, duly executed by an authorized officer of each Purchaser as of the Closing Date, certifying that the
conditions specified in each of Section 8.2(c) and Section 8.2(d) have been satisfied.

(b) Escrow
Agreement. The Escrow Agreement, duly executed by Purchaser
TRS and the Escrow Agent.

(c) Other
Agreements. A duly executed counterpart to each of the other Transaction Documents to which Purchaser or any of Purchasers
Affiliates is a party.

(d) Equity
Consideration. Evidence of the issuance of the Equity Consideration to the Existing Equityholders, reasonably acceptable to the Representatives
(it being understood and agreed that evidence in the form of a membership registry of Purchaser OP dated as of the Closing Date shall
be deemed acceptable).

28

Section 2.8 Closing
Deliveries of FBRT. At the Closing, FBRT shall deliver, or cause to be delivered (delivery of which may be waived by the Company),
to the Company a certificate, duly executed by an authorized officer of FBRT as of the Closing Date, certifying that the conditions specified
in each of Section 8.2(c), Section 8.2(d) and Section 8.2(e) have been satisfied.

Section 2.9 Withholding.
Purchaser shall be entitled to deduct and withhold any amounts from the amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement that are
required to be withheld with respect to the making of any such payment under the Code or other Applicable Law. To the extent that such
amounts are so withheld and paid over to the proper Governmental Entity by Purchaser, such withheld and deducted amounts will be treated
for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, prior to deducting or withholding from any such amounts (other than amounts that are treated as compensation for Tax purposes
or that are required to be withheld as a result of a failure to provide a Tax form required to be provided under this Agreement), Purchaser
shall provide the Seller with reasonable advance notice of the intent to withhold and a reasonable opportunity to establish an exemption
from or reduction of withholding.

Article III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth on the
Schedules, the Company hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows (with all representations and warranties in respect of
NewPoint JV LLC being to the Companys Knowledge):

Section 3.1 Organization;
Qualification.

(a) Each
Acquired Entity is, as applicable, a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly formed (as applicable), validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or incorporation. Each Acquired Entity has the requisite power
and authority necessary to enable it to own, lease, license, operate or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to carry on its
business in the manner conducted by it. Each Acquired Entity is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign entity and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by
it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to obtain such qualification or license would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The
Company has heretofore made available to Purchaser complete and correct copies of the Operating Documents and Organizational Documents
of each Acquired Entity, each as amended to date. Such Operating Documents and Organizational Documents are in full force and effect.

Section 3.2 Authorization.
The Company has all requisite power and authority, and the requisite legal capacity, to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement.
The Company has all requisite power and authority, and the requisite legal capacity, to execute, deliver and perform each other Transaction
Document to which it is specified to be a party and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement and of each other Transaction Document to which an Acquired Entity is a party and the consummation of the Transactions
have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Company or Acquired Entity, as applicable, and no other proceedings
on the part of the Company or any Acquired Entity are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
by the Company or any of the Transaction Documents by any Acquired Entity or to consummate the Transactions.

29

Section 3.3 Execution;
Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company, and each other Transaction
Document to which an Acquired Entity is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Acquired Entity, will be duly executed
and delivered by such Acquired Entity. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document to which an Acquired Entity is
specified to be a party will, when executed and delivered by such Acquired Entity, constitute (in each case assuming due and valid authorization,
execution and delivery by the other Parties and the other parties thereto), a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Acquired Entity,
enforceable against such Acquired Entity in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Limitations.

Section 3.4 Consents
and Approvals; No Violations.

(a) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.4(a), the Program Lender Consents and Licenses and Permits Consents, none of the execution, delivery
or performance of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which any Acquired Entity is a party by such Acquired Entity, the
consummation by each Acquired Entity of the Closing and the Transactions or compliance by each Acquired Entity with any of the provisions
hereof or thereof will (i) conflict with or violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Operating Documents
or Organizational Documents of the Acquired Entities, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation or material breach of, or constitute
(with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, modification, cancellation
or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any asset of the Acquired
Entities under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Material Contract, Real Property Lease, Mortgage Loans or Serviced
Loans or Indebtedness, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any Applicable Laws or any Governmental Order by an Acquired
Entity, excluding, in the case of clause (i) with respect to Company Subsidiaries and clauses (ii) and (iii) with respect
to the Acquired Entities, such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults and Encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair
or delay the ability of the Company to consummate the Closing.

(b) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.4(b), no waiting period expiration or termination, notice, permit, consent, approval or authorization
of, or declaration to or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of
this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of the Closing and the Transactions by the Company, excluding such notices, permits,
consents, approvals or authorizations of, or declarations to or filings that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or delay
the ability of the Company to consummate the Closing.

30

Section 3.5 Capitalization;
Ownership; Subsidiaries.

(a) Capitalization;
Ownership. Schedule 3.5(a) sets forth (i) the number and class of all Equity Interests of the Company issued and
outstanding, and (ii) the record owner of all such issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company. All of the outstanding
Equity Interests of the Company are duly authorized and validly issued and, to the extent applicable, fully paid and non-assessable.
None of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Company are subject to, or issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option,
right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under Applicable Laws or the Operating Documents or
Organizational Documents of the Company or any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. All Equity
Interests of the Company are uncertificated. The Purchased Interests constitute all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of
the Company. There are no declared or unpaid dividends or distributions in respect of any Equity Interests of the Company.

(b) Other
Securities. There are no (i) outstanding securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of
the Company, (ii) outstanding or authorized options, warrants, call rights or other similar rights, agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any kind obligating the Company to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or sold any Equity Interests
of the Company, (iii) outstanding or authorized equity appreciation, phantom equity, profit sharing or similar rights with respect
to the Company, or (iv) other than the Operating Documents of the Company, Contracts to which the Company is a party relating to
the voting, issuance, purchase, redemption, registration, repurchase or transfer of any of the Equity Interests of the Company. All Equity
Interests of the Company repurchased, redeemed, converted or canceled by the Company were repurchased, redeemed, converted or canceled
in compliance in all material respects with: (i) all applicable securities laws, corporate statutes and other Applicable Laws; and
(ii) all requirements set forth in all applicable Contracts and in the Organizational Documents and Operating Documents of the Company.

(c) Company
Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.5(c) sets forth: (i) a true, complete and accurate list of the name and jurisdiction of
each of the Company Subsidiaries, (ii) the number and class of all Equity Interests of each Company Subsidiary, and (iii) the
record owner of all such issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Company Subsidiary. Except for Equity Interests in other Acquired
Entities set forth on Schedule 3.5(c), no Acquired Entity owns any Equity Interests in any corporation, association, trust, limited
liability company, partnership, joint venture or other entity. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Company Subsidiaries are
duly authorized and validly issued and, to the extent applicable, fully paid and non-assessable, and none of the outstanding Equity Interests
of any Company Subsidiary are subject to, or were issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive
right, subscription right or any similar right under Applicable Laws or the Operating Documents or Organizational Documents of such Company
Subsidiary or any Contract to which such Company Subsidiary is a party or which such Company Subsidiary is bound. There are no (i) outstanding
securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of any Company Subsidiary, (ii) outstanding or authorized
options, warrants, call rights or other similar rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any kind obligating any Company Subsidiary
to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or sold any Equity Interests of such Company Subsidiary, (iii) outstanding
or authorized equity appreciation, phantom equity or similar rights with respect to any Company Subsidiary, or (iv) other than the
Operating Documents of the Company Subsidiaries, Contracts to which either Company Subsidiary is a party relating to the voting, issuance,
purchase, redemption, registration, repurchase or transfer of any of the Equity Interests of such Company Subsidiary.

31

Section 3.6 Financial
Statements.

(a) Schedule
3.6(a) contains true and complete copies of the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Management Financial Statements.
The Audited Financial Statements and Interim Management Financial Statements (i) have been prepared based on the books and records
of the Acquired Entities (other than the Joint Venture Entities), (ii) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and (iii) fairly
and accurately present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Acquired
Entities (other than the Joint Venture Entities) as of the dates thereof and for the periods related thereto; provided, that the
Interim Management Financial Statements are subject to ordinary course year-end audit adjustments that will not, individually or in the
aggregate, be material, and do not contain the footnote disclosures and other presentations items required by GAAP, which if presented
would not be material to the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole.

(b) The
Acquired Entities maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, including complete books and records in written or electronic
form, and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) the Acquired Entities maintain no off-the-book accounts and access to and use
of assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences;
(v) accounts, notes and other receivables are recorded accurately and do not include any amounts for which there is no written contractual
commitment to pay; (vi) accounts, notes and other receivables and inventory are recorded accurately, and proper and adequate procedures
are implemented to effect the collection of accounts, notes and other receivables on a current and timely basis; and (vii) the Acquired
Entities maintain records in accordance with statutory records retention requirements. None of the Acquired Entities has, since the Look-Back
Date received any written notice or allegation of any significant deficiency or material weakness in the design or operation of its internal
controls over financial reporting. There is not, and there has not been, any illegal act or fraud with respect to its financial reporting
that involves or involved any member of management or any other employee who has or had a significant role in the Companys or
any Company Subsidiarys (excluding the Joint Venture Entities) internal control over financial reporting.

(c) All
of the accounts receivable of the Acquired Entities arose in the ordinary course of business, are carried on the records of such Acquired
Entity at values determined in accordance with GAAP and are bona fide and, subject to reserves for doubtful accounts set forth on the
accounting records of the Acquired Entities, collectible in full in substantially the aggregate amount thereof; provided, the foregoing
shall not be construed as a guarantee of such collectability. No Person has any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any
of such accounts receivable, and no request or agreement for deduction or discount has been made with respect to any of such accounts
receivable except as fully and adequately reflected in reserves for doubtful accounts set forth in the Interim Management Financial Statements.

32

(d) Schedule
3.6(d) provides an accurate and complete breakdown of all amounts owed (including any Indebtedness) to any of the Acquired
Entities by any Company Associate or any record holder of any Equity Interests of any of the Acquired Entities (any such amount owed
to any Acquired Entity, an Insider Receivable). There will be no outstanding Insider Receivables as of the Closing.

(e) Since
the Look-Back Date, the Company has not changed its methods of accounting, accounting principles, accounting practices, collection practices
or credit policy.

Section 3.7 No
Undisclosed Liabilities.

(a) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.7(a), the Acquired Entities have no debts, liabilities or obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute
or contingent, matured or unmatured or determined or determinable that would be required by GAAP to be reflected on the face of a consolidated
balance sheet of the Acquired Entities (including any debts, liabilities, or obligations arising under any Material Program Contract),
except for debts, liabilities or obligations, (a) specifically reflected on, and specifically reserved against in, the balance sheet
included in the Interim Management Financial Statements, (b) incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
subsequent to the date of the Interim Management Financial Statements (none of which is a liability for breach of contract, breach of
warranty, tort, infringement, violation of Law, or that relates to any cause of action, claim or lawsuit), (c) incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the Transactions or disclosed in this Agreement or the Schedules or (d) that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole.

(b) Schedule
3.7(b) sets forth an accurate and complete list of all Indebtedness of the Acquired Entities (other than the Joint Venture
Entities) as of March 6, 2025, identifying the name of the creditor or creditors to which such Indebtedness is owed, the type of
instrument under which such Indebtedness is evidenced or the agreement under which such Indebtedness was incurred and the aggregate principal
amount of such Indebtedness as of the close of business on the date of this Agreement. No Indebtedness of the Acquired Entities contains
any restriction on: (i) the payment of any of such Indebtedness, (ii) the incurrence of any other Indebtedness by any Acquired
Entity, or the ability of any Acquired Entity to grant any Encumbrance on any of its assets. No Acquired Entity is in default with respect
to such Indebtedness and no payment with respect to such Indebtedness is past due. No Acquired Entity has received any notice of a default,
alleged failure to perform or any offset or counterclaim with respect to such Indebtedness. The Closing Date Consideration Schedule will
contain an accurate and complete list of all such Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the Closing. No Acquired Entity (other
than the Joint Venture Entities) has guaranteed or otherwise become liable for any Indebtedness of any Person other than other Acquired
Entities (other than the Joint Venture Entities).

33

(c) No
event has occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists, that has resulted in, or that will or could reasonably be expected to result
in, any claim for indemnification, reimbursement or contribution by, or the advancement of any expense to, any Company Associate (other
than a claim for reimbursement from the Company of immaterial travel expenses in the ordinary course of business or other immaterial
out-of-pocket expenses of a routine nature incurred by such Company Associate in the course of performing such Company Associates
duties for the Company) or any current or former agent of any Acquired Entity pursuant to: (i) any term of any Organizational Document
or Operating Document of any Acquired Entity, (ii) any indemnification agreement or other Contract between any Acquired Entity and
such Company Associate or agent; or (iii) any Applicable Law.

(d) No
event has occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists that has resulted in, or that will or could reasonably be expected to result
in, any Acquired Entity incurring any liability to, or any basis for any claim against any Acquired Entity by, any current, former or
alleged holder of Equity Interests of any Acquired Entity.

Section 3.8 Absence
of Certain Changes. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8 or actions taken by the Acquired Entities in connection with this
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, since the date of the Interim Management Financial Statements and through the date hereof,
(a) the Acquired Entities have conducted operations in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in all material
respects and (b) there has not been any (i) Material Adverse Effect, (ii) material loss, damage or destruction to, or
any interruption in the use of, any material asset to any Acquired Entity (whether or not covered by insurance), (iii) sale or transfer
of any assets of the Acquired Entities other than dispositions in the ordinary course of business or which are not material to the Acquired
Entities business or financial condition (taken as a whole) or (iv) material change by the Acquired Entities in accounting
or auditing methods, principles or practices, except as required by changes in GAAP or Applicable Laws.

Section 3.9 Title
to Assets. The Acquired Entities have good, valid and marketable title to all of the properties and assets reflected as being
owned by an Acquired Entity on the Interim Management Financial Statements (except for properties and assets sold, leased or otherwise
disposed of pursuant to arms-length transactions since the date of the Interim Management Financial Statements in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice). All of such assets are either (i) owned by the Acquired Entities, free and clear of
all Encumbrances, except for (a) Permitted Encumbrances, (b) Encumbrances disclosed in the Interim Management Financial Statements
and (c) Encumbrances set forth on Schedule 3.9, or (ii) owned by any other Person with a valid and enforceable right
of the Acquired Entities to use and possess such assets, which right will remain valid and enforceable following the Closing, except,
in each case, as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Acquired Entities,
taken as a whole. All items of equipment, fixtures and other tangible assets owned by or leased by the Acquired Entities that are material
to the business of the Acquired Entities are in good operating condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear and ordinary maintenance
expected) and constitute all of the assets necessary and are available for immediate use for the Acquired Entities to carry on their
respective businesses as currently conducted, except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be materially
adverse to the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole.

34

Section 3.10 Real
Property.

(a) Real
Property. The Acquired Entities do not own any fee interest in any real property. Schedule 3.10(a) contains a true and
complete list of (i) all leases, subleases, licenses or other occupancy agreements to which any Acquired Entity is a party as lessee,
sublessee or licensee of any real property (including all amendments and modifications thereto, the Real Property Leases)
and (ii) the address of each real property leased, subleased, licensed or otherwise occupied by the Acquired Entities under each
of the Real Property Leases (collectively, the Real Property). An Acquired Entity possesses a valid leasehold interest
in each Real Property, free and clear of any Encumbrances except Permitted Encumbrances. Each of the Real Property Leases is in full
force and effect and is (i) a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Acquired Entity party thereto, and (ii) enforceable
against the Acquired Entity party thereto and, to the Companys Knowledge, the other party or parties thereto in accordance with
its terms, in each case, subject to the Enforceability Limitations. True and complete copies of the Real Property Leases have been made
available to Purchaser. No Acquired Entity or, to the Companys Knowledge, any other party to a Real Property Lease, is in material
breach of or default under any Real Property Lease, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
a default thereunder by any Acquired Entity or, to the Companys Knowledge, any other party thereto. The Acquired Entities have
not received any written notice of default, termination or cancellation with respect to any Real Property Lease. Except as set forth
on Schedule 3.10(a), no Acquired Entity is a lessor, sublessor or grantor under any lease, sublease or other instrument granting
to any other Person any right to the possession, lease, occupancy or enjoyment of any real property.

(b) Utilities;
Condemnation. Each Real Property is supplied with utilities suitable for the operation of the business presently conducted thereon.
There does not exist any pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened condemnation or eminent domain proceeding with respect
to any of the Real Property. The Real Property has access to public roads, streets or the like or valid perpetual easements over private
streets, roads or other private property for ingress to and egress from such property.

Section 3.11 Contracts.

(a) Material
Contracts. Schedule 3.11(a) sets forth, as of the date hereof, a true and complete list of each Contract (excluding the
Real Property Leases set forth on Schedule 3.10(a), the Benefit Plans set forth on Schedule 3.16(a) and Mortgage Loans
and Serviced Loans set forth on Schedule 3.22(a)) (the Contracts required to be listed in subsections (i) through (xx) below,
the Material Contracts) to which an Acquired Entity is a party that:

(i) is
with a Program Lender or other Investor, including any seller servicing Contract, loss-sharing Contract, credit support Contract, and
Trade Confirmations (such Contracts covered by this Section 3.11(a)(i), collectively, the Material Program Contracts);

(ii) provided
for aggregate payments by or to an Acquired Entity of more than $250,000 during the twelve (12) months ended December 31, 2024;

(iii) (A) is
a Contract or series of Contracts evidencing or securing any Indebtedness of any Acquired Entity or any outstanding reimbursement obligations
of any Acquired Entity with respect to any letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar facility issued for the account of
any Acquired Entity, or (B) is an undrawn or stand-by letter of credit, performance bond, surety bond or similar instrument;

35

(iv) (A) is
an employment contract to which any Acquired Entity is a party (other than at-will arrangements) that cannot be terminated at any time
without penalty or obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or (B) is a Contract that provides for any change of
control, transaction, retention, or other similar compensation or benefits, any acceleration of the time of payment, vesting, or funding
of any compensation or benefits, or the enhancement of any compensation or benefits in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

(v) is
a collective bargaining agreement or any other Contract with any labor union, works council, trade association or other agreement or
Contract with any employee organization;

(vi) (A) requires
any Acquired Entity to conduct business exclusively with the counterparty, (B) contains a most favored nation clause
in favor of the counterparty, (C) contains any post-employment non-compete with respect to any employee of the Acquired Entities,
(D) prohibits any Acquired Entity from competing with the counterparty or conducting any business in any geography or in any line
of business, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse impact on the Acquired Entities, or (E) grants
any right of refusal or right of first offer that limits the ability of any Acquired Entity to own, operate, sell, transfer, pledge or
otherwise dispose of any business, securities or assets (other than provisions requiring notice of or consent to assignment by any counterparty
thereto);

(vii) is
a lease pursuant to which any Acquired Entity is the lessee of personal property, including any finance or operating lease (but excluding
leases relating solely to personal property calling for rental or similar periodic payments of less than $250,000 per year);

(viii) is
a joint venture or partnership agreement or similar Contract relating to the formation, creation, operation, management or control of
any partnership or joint venture or to the ownership of any Equity Interest in any entity or business enterprise other than the Acquired
Entities;

(ix) is
a Governmental Order to which any Acquired Entity is subject;

(x) is
a Contract or commitment for capital expenditures in excess of $100,000;

(xi) is
a Contract that creates future payment obligations, including settlement agreements, outside the ordinary course of business in excess
of $100,000, or creates or would create an Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) on any assets of the Acquired Entities;

(xii) is
a Contract requiring advances under loan documents (other than out of funded reserves) in excess of $500,000;

36

(xiii) obligates
any Acquired Entity to indemnify any past or present directors, officers, or employees of any Acquired Entity pursuant to which the Acquired
Entity is the indemnitor;

(xiv) is
a vendor, supplier or third party consulting or similar Contract not otherwise described in this section (A) that cannot be voluntarily
terminated pursuant to its terms within sixty (60) days after the Closing and (B) under which it is reasonably expected any Acquired
Entity will be required to pay fees, expenses or other costs in excess of $100,000 following the Closing;

(xv) is
a Contract pursuant to which any Acquired Entity has an unfunded commitment to purchase any securities or otherwise make an investment
in any Person following the date of this Agreement;

(xvi) is
a Contract or other agreement pursuant to which any Acquired Entity is or may become obligated to pay or provide (x) any transaction
bonuses, retention bonuses, change in control payments or other similar payments and/or benefits or (y) severance or other termination
related payments and/or benefits;

(xvii) (A) grants
an Acquired Entity a license to use any material Intellectual Property owned by any other Person, excluding licenses for Off-the-Shelf
Software, or (B) grants a license from an Acquired Entity to any other Person to use any material Company Intellectual Property,
excluding non-exclusive licenses granted by an Acquired Entity in the ordinary course of business;

(xviii) is
for an acquisition of the assets, properties or Equity Interests of any other Person (other than in the ordinary course of business);

(xix) other
than Contracts providing for the acquisition, purchase, sale or divestiture of mortgage loans, mortgage backed securities and mortgage
servicing rights entered into by any Acquired Entity in the ordinary course of business and that are materially consistent with the Contracts
or forms of Contract provided to Purchaser prior to the date hereof, each merger, business combination, acquisition, purchase, sale or
divestiture Contract that contains representations, covenants, indemnities or other obligations (including earnout or other
contingent payment obligations) that would reasonably be expected to result in the receipt or making of future payments in excess of
$100,000; or

(xx) is
otherwise material to the Acquired Entities.

(b) Validity.
Each of the Material Contracts (i) is in full force and effect, (ii) subject to the consents set forth on Schedule 3.4
related to the Material Contracts being received prior to the Closing, will continue to be in full force and effect immediately following
the Closing Date, (iii) is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Acquired Entity party thereto, and (iv) is enforceable
against the Acquired Entity party thereto, subject to the Enforceability Limitations. The Company has delivered or made available to
Purchaser true and complete copies of all Material Contracts, including any amendments thereto. In addition, the Company has delivered
or made available to Purchaser true and complete copies of all material correspondence from any Program Lenders since the Look-Back Date
(provided that correspondence relating to Mortgage Loans that are not owned or serviced by the Acquired Entities as of the date
hereof shall be deemed not material).

37

(c) Defaults.
No Acquired Entity and, to the Companys Knowledge, no other party to a Material Contract is in material breach of or material
default under any Material Contract. Subject to any disclosures set forth on Schedule 3.15, no event has occurred that with notice
or the passage of time would constitute a material breach or material default by an Acquired Entity under (or permit termination, material
modification or acceleration of any Acquired Entitys material obligations under) any Material Contract. The Acquired Entities
have not received any written notice of termination or cancellation with respect to any Material Contract.

Section 3.12 Insurance.
Schedule 3.12 contains a true and complete list of each insurance policy maintained by an Acquired Entity as of the date hereof
with respect to its properties, assets or operations, excluding those insurance policies listed on Schedule 3.16(a) that
insure benefits provided under a Benefit Plan (the Insurance Policies). All of the Insurance Policies are in full
force and effect, no application therefor included a material misstatement or omission, and all premiums due thereon have been paid in
full. The Acquired Entities have not received written notice of termination, cancellation, reduction of coverage or material premium
increases of any Insurance Policy during the current policy year, nor to the Companys Knowledge is such termination, cancellation,
reduction of coverage or premium increase threatened. No Acquired Entity has reached or exceeded its policy limits for any Insurance
Policies. No claim is currently pending under any Insurance Policy, and since the Look-Back Date, the Acquired Entities have not received
written notice that any material claim pending under any Insurance Policy has been denied. The activities and operations of the Acquired
Entities have been conducted in a manner so as to conform in all material respects to all applicable provisions of the Insurance Policies.
No Acquired Entity is in default in any material respect with respect to any provision contained in any Insurance Policy and no Acquired
Entity has failed to give any notice or present any material claim under any Insurance Policy in due and timely fashion. True, correct
and complete copies of the Insurance Policies have been made available to Purchaser.

Section 3.13 Litigation;
Governmental Orders. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.13, there is no Action currently pending (regardless of whether
an Acquired Entity is the plaintiff or defendant) or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against an Acquired Entity or any
material property or asset of any Acquired Entity, or any of the executive officers of any Acquired Entity (in their capacity as such).
No event has occurred, and no claim, dispute or other condition or circumstance exists, that would reasonably be expected to give rise
to the commencement of any such Action against any Acquired Entity that would result in a material liability to such Acquired Entity
or would materially affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or any
action taken or to be taken by an Acquired Entity in connection with this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents, nor, subject
to any disclosures set forth on Schedule 3.13, is there any valid basis for any such Action. The Acquired Entities are not subject
to any unsatisfied Governmental Order and do not have any continuing obligations pursuant to any Governmental Order.

38

Section 3.14 Environmental
Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14, (a) the Acquired Entities, all of their assets, and all of their Real
Property are currently and, since the Look-Back Date have been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental
Laws, (b) since the Look-Back Date (or earlier for unresolved matters), the Acquired Entities have not received written notice from
any Governmental Entity or third party, alleging that an Acquired Entity has any liability under any Environmental Law or with respect
to Hazardous Substances or is not in compliance with any Environmental Law, (c) except as would not reasonably be expected to subject
any Acquired Entity to material liability, with respect to (i) any of the Real Property, (ii) any real property formerly owned,
leased or operated by any Acquired Entity or, (iii) to the Companys Knowledge, any Mortgaged Property, in each case of clauses
(i)-(iii) no Hazardous Substances are or have been present, and there is and has been no Release of a Hazardous Substance by an
Acquired Entity or any other Person, and (d) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened investigation
by or written information request from any Governmental Entity with respect to any Acquired Entity relating to Hazardous Substances or
otherwise under any Environmental Law. The Company has made available to Purchaser all reports, site assessments, audits and material
documents that, in each case, are in the possession or control of the Company and relate to any Acquired Entitys compliance with
Environmental Law or to the environmental condition or prior use of the Real Property, any real property formerly owned, leased or operated
by any Acquired Entity, or any Mortgaged Property.

Section 3.15 Compliance
with Laws.

(a) The
Acquired Entities and, to the Companys Knowledge, their directors, managers, executive officers, and employees (in their capacity
as such) are, and since the Look-Back Date have been, in compliance in all material respects with Applicable Laws and Governmental Orders
applicable to the Acquired Entities business, properties or assets. Since the Look-Back Date, none of the Acquired Entities or,
to the Companys Knowledge, Existing Equityholders, or any of their directors, executive officers, or employees (in their capacity
as such) have received any written notice from any Governmental Entity and/or Program Lender asserting that any Acquired Entity, Existing
Equityholders or director, executive officer, or employee of an Acquired Entity (in his or her capacity as such) is not in compliance
with any Applicable Laws or Governmental Orders, nor is there any valid basis for the foregoing.

(b) Each
Acquired Entity and their directors, managers, executive officers, and employees (in their capacity as such) have been granted all permits,
licenses, approvals, certificates, consents, waiver, concessions, exemptions, orders, registrations, identification numbers, notices
or other authorizations required to be obtained by such Acquired Entity and their directors, managers, executive officers, and employees
(in their capacity as such) from any Governmental Entity or Program Lender under Applicable Laws with respect to the use of such Acquired
Entitys properties or the operation of such Acquired Entitys business (the Licenses and Permits),
except for permits, licenses and approvals the failure of which to obtain would not be material to the businesses or operations of the
Acquired Entities, it being understood that such licenses, permits and/or approvals necessary for the Acquired Entity to originate, service
and close Mortgage Loans and Serviced Loans with and for each of the Program Lenders shall be deemed material. Each of such Licenses
and Permits is identified on Schedule 3.15(b), and each Acquired Entity is and has been in compliance in all material respects
with all such Licenses and Permits. No suspension, cancellation, modification, revocation or nonrenewal of any of the Licenses and Permits
is pending or reasonably expected or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, and all applications required to have been filed
for the renewal of each of the Licenses and Permits have been duly filed for the renewal of each of the Licenses and Permits have been
duly filed on a timely basis with the appropriate Governmental Entity. All fees and charges with respect to the Licenses and Permits
or the notices, application renewals, requests or amendments listed on Schedule 3.15(b) have been fully paid as of the date
hereof. True, correct, and complete copies of the Licenses and Permits have been provided or made available to Purchaser in the Data
Room. Subject to the Licenses and Permits Consents being received prior to the Closing, the Acquired Entities will continue to
have the use and benefit of all Licenses and Permits immediately following consummation of the Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.15, none of the Licenses and Permits is held in the name of any employee, officer, director, equityholder, agent or otherwise on
behalf of any Acquired Entity. The employees listed in Schedule 3.15 have been approved by the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development as multifamily accelerated processing underwriters and each such approval is in full force and effect. Each of
the Acquired Entities operates, and as of the Closing will operate, only in the United States.

39

(c) No
Acquired Entity, nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of their respective directors, managers or executive officers, representatives,
agents or employees acting on behalf of any Acquired Entity, (i) has used or is using any corporate funds for any unlawful contributions,
gifts, travel, meal and lodging expense, service, equipment, debt forgiveness, employment, donation, grant, entertainment or other expenses
or other thing of value, however characterized, relating to political activity, (ii) has used or is using any corporate funds for
any direct or indirect unlawful payments to (1) any foreign or domestic governmental officials, agents or employees, (2) a
director, officer, employee or agent of a wholly or partially government-owned or -controlled company or business, (3) any political
party or official thereof, (4) any candidate for political office, (5) any relative of the above-described persons, or (6) any
other person at the suggestion, request, direction or for the benefit of any of the above-described persons, in each case intending to
improperly obtain or retain business, or an advantage in the conduct of business, for any Acquired Entities, (iii) has violated
or is violating any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or any similar laws of other jurisdictions, (iv) has
established or maintained, or is maintaining, any unlawful fund of corporate monies or other properties, or (v) has made any bribe,
unlawful rebate, unlawful payoff, influence payment, kickback or similar unlawful payment.

(d) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.15(d) and except for routine examinations conducted by any Governmental Entity or Program Lender
in the regular course of the business of any Acquired Entity, since the Look-Back Date, no Governmental Entity or Program Lender has
provided written notice to any Acquired Entity of any investigation, audit or inquiry into the business or operations of any Acquired
Entity. There is no material deficiency, violation or exception claimed or asserted in writing by any Governmental Entity with respect
to any examination of any Acquired Entity that has not been resolved.

(e) To
the extent required by Applicable Law, each Acquired Entity has implemented a compliance program that complies in all material
respects with all Applicable Laws. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(e), since the Look-Back Date, there have been no material
violations of such compliance programs.

(f) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.15(f), since the Look-Back Date, none of the Acquired Entities have been, (i) subject to any cease
and desist, censure or other disciplinary or similar order issued by, (ii) a party to any written agreement, consent agreement,
memorandum of understanding or disciplinary agreement with, (iii) a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, (iv) subject
to any order or directive by or (v) a recipient of any supervisory letter from, any Governmental Entity.

40

(g) The
Company has provided to Purchaser true, correct, and complete copies of all audits of any Acquired Entities required or completed by
any Program Lender from and after the Look-Back Date.

(h) There
is no material property or obligation of any Acquired Entity, including uncashed checks to vendors, tenants, or employees, non-refunded
overpayments, credits or unclaimed amounts or intangibles, that are, or may become, escheatable or reportable as unclaimed property to
any Governmental Entity under any applicable escheatment, unclaimed property or similar Applicable Laws, except as has not had and would
not be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.16 Employee
Benefit Plans.

(a) Benefit
Plans. Schedule 3.16(a) contains a true and complete list of all material Benefit Plans. With respect to each material
Benefit Plan, the Company has provided or made available to Purchaser true and complete copies of (i) such Benefit Plan document
(and current summary plan descriptions, summaries of material modifications and all amendments thereto), (ii) non-discrimination
and coverage testing for each of the three (3) most recent years and (iii) to the extent applicable to such Benefit Plan: all
current trust agreements, related insurance contracts or other funding arrangements; the most recent Forms 5500 required to have been
filed and all schedules thereto; the most recent IRS determination or opinion letter; and all non-routine correspondence material to
the Acquired Entities to or from a Governmental Entity since the Look-Back Date.

(b) Compliance.
(i) Each Benefit Plan is and has, since the Look-Back Date, been maintained, operated and administered in compliance with its terms
and the terms of any related Contracts in all material respects, and in compliance with all Applicable Laws in all material respects;
(ii) all contributions, payments, distributions and premiums required to be remitted, distributed, paid to or paid in respect of
each Benefit Plan have been paid, remitted, accrued or distributed in compliance with the terms of such Benefit Plan and Applicable Law;
and (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened Action with respect to any Benefit Plan (other than
routine claims for benefits).

(c) Effect
of Transaction. No Benefit Plan exists that, as a result of the execution of this Agreement or the Transactions (whether alone or
in connection with any subsequent event(s)) could: (i) entitle any current or former employee, director, officer or independent
contractor of the Acquired Entities to material severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other material payment or benefit from
any Acquired Entity, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or materially increase the amount of compensation or benefit
due to any such employee, director, officer or independent contractor of an Acquired Entity, (iii) directly or indirectly cause
the Acquired Entities to transfer or set aside any assets to fund any benefits under any Benefit Plan, (iv) otherwise give rise
to any material liability of the Acquired Entities under any Benefit Plan, or (v) result in any payment or benefit that would constitute
an excess parachute payment (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code) to any current or former
employee, director, officer or independent contractor of the Acquired Entities.

41

(d) No
Post-Employment Obligations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16(d), no Benefit Plan provides for or promises medical, death,
disability, life insurance or similar benefits or coverage for any current or former employees, officers, service providers or nonemployee
directors or managers of any Acquired Entity for periods extending beyond their retirement or other termination of service.

(e) Title
IV Benefit Plans. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16(e), none of the Acquired Entities sponsors, maintains, contributes
to or been obligated to contribute to (or has ever sponsored, maintained, contributed to (or been obligated to contribute to)), and none
of the Acquired Entities has any material liability, contingent or otherwise, with respect to, any Title IV Benefit Plan, and no material
liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the Code has been incurred by the Acquired Entities
that has not been satisfied in full. No Benefit Plan is a multiple employer plan (within the meaning of Sections 4063 and
4064 of ERISA and Section 413(c) of the Code) or a multiple employer welfare arrangement (as defined in ERISA
3(40)). No event has occurred or condition exists that would result in, or reasonably be expected to result in, any material liability
(whether contingent or otherwise) to any Acquired Entity under Title IV of ERISA, including such liabilities that result or could result
due to an Acquired Entitys status as an ERISA Affiliate of another Person.

(f) Tax
Qualified Status. Each Benefit Plan intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code is so qualified and is the subject of a favorable unrevoked determination, opinion or notification letter issued by the IRS as to
its qualified status under the Code, and no circumstances have occurred, with respect to a Benefit Plan, since the Look-Back Date, that
could reasonably be expected to result in a loss of tax qualified status or liability, penalty or Tax to any Acquired Entity.

(g) No
Prohibited Transactions. (i) The Acquired Entities have not and other disqualified persons, as defined in Section 4975
of ERISA and ERISA Affiliates of the Acquired Entities have not, engaged in any non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined
in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) with respect to any Benefit Plan and (ii) the Acquired Entities and
ERISA Affiliates have not engaged in any act or omission with respect to any Benefit Plan which could subject the Acquired Entities or
any of their respective ERISA Affiliates (or any officer, director or employee thereof) to any penalties or Taxes under Section 502(i) of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

(h) Section 409A
Compliance. Each Benefit Plan that constitutes a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code has been operated and maintained in operational and documentary compliance in all material respects with Section 409A
of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder.

(i) Section 4980H
Compliance. None of the Acquired Entities has incurred or reasonably expects to incur (whether or not assessed) any payment, Tax,
penalty or other liability under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and all regulations thereunder, including Section 4980H(a) and
(b) of the Code or with respect to the reporting requirements under Sections 6055 and 6056 of the Code.

42

(j) Non-U.S.
Plans. No Benefit Plan covers or otherwise provides benefits to any current or former employee, director, officer or independent
contractor of the Acquired Entities working or residing outside of the United States.

Section 3.17 Tax
Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.17:

(a) Tax
Returns. The Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has timely filed all income and
other material Tax Returns required to be filed by it in accordance with Applicable Laws. Such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete
in all material respects.

(b) Payment.
The Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has timely paid (or has withheld and timely
paid) all material Taxes due and payable by it (whether or not shown on any Tax Return).

(c) Tax
Contests and Assessments. No federal, state, local or non-U.S. audits, examinations, investigations or other administrative proceedings
or court proceedings (Tax Contests) are ongoing, pending or threatened in writing with regard to any Taxes of the
Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest. No assessment of Tax has been proposed in writing
against the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest or any of their assets or properties
that has not been resolved.

(d) Withholding.
The Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has, within the time and manner prescribed
by Applicable Law, deducted, withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts
paid, owing or otherwise allocable to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, customer, shareholder, member or other party, and
complied in all material respects with all information reporting and backup withholding provisions of Applicable Law, and the Company
and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has complied with all information reporting and record
keeping requirements.

(e) Extensions.
There are no outstanding requests, agreements, consents or waivers to extend the statutory period of limitations applicable to the assessment
of any Taxes or deficiencies against the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest. None of
the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest currently is the beneficiary of any extension
of time within which to file any material Tax Return.

(f) Jurisdictions.
No written claim has been made by a Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where the Company or any entity in which the Company directly
or indirectly holds an interest does not pay Taxes or file Tax Returns that such entity is, or may be, subject to Taxes assessed by such
jurisdiction.

43

(g) Liens.
There are no liens with respect to Taxes upon any asset of the Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds
an interest other than Permitted Encumbrances.

(h) Powers
of Attorney. None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has executed any power
of attorney with respect to Taxes, other than powers of attorney that are no longer in force.

(i) Agreements.
None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest is a party to or has any obligation under
any Tax sharing, Tax indemnification, or Tax allocation agreement or similar contract or arrangement (other than any customary commercial
contract entered into in the ordinary course of business the principal subject of which is not Taxes).

(j) Consolidated
Group Liability. None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest Acquired Entity
has any liability for the Taxes of any other Person by reason of Treas. Reg. 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
or foreign law) (other than another member of the Companys indirect parent group), as a transferee or successor, or by contract.

(k) Other
Liability. None of the Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest will be required to
include any material amounts in income, or exclude any material items of deduction, in a taxable period (or portion thereof) beginning
after the Closing Date as a result of (i) a change in or incorrect method of accounting occurring prior to the Closing, (ii) an
installment sale or open transaction arising in a taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date, (iii) a
prepaid amount received, or paid, prior to the Closing other than in the ordinary course of business, (iv) a closing agreement
as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state or local income Tax law) executed on
or prior to the Closing Date, or (v) as a result of any intercompany transactions or any excess loss account described in Treasury
Regulations under Section 1502 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state or local income Tax law).

(l) Reportable
Transactions. None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest Acquired Entity has
participated in nor has any liability or obligation with respect to any listed transaction within the meaning of Treas.
Reg. 1.6011-4.

(m) Rulings.
No private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda, closing agreements, voluntary disclosure agreements, or similar agreements or
rulings that are, or would be currently applicable have been requested, entered into or issued by any Tax authority with respect to the
Company and each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest.

(n) Tax
Classification. The Company is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Company has at all times since
its formation been treated as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Schedule 3.17(n) sets
forth the U.S. federal income tax classification of each entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest.

44

(o) Payroll
Tax Deferrals. None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest has deferred the payment
or deposit of any payroll Tax liabilities pursuant to the CARES Act.

(p) Company
Operations. None of the Company or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly holds an interest (i) directly or
indirectly operates or manages a lodging facility or a health care facility or (ii) directly or indirectly provides to any other
person (under a franchise, license, or otherwise) rights to any brand name under which any lodging facility or health care facility is
operated, in each case, within the meaning of Section 856(l)(3) of the Code.

(q) Nonqualified
Liabilities. None of the liabilities of the Company are nonqualified liabilities within the meaning of Treasury Regulations under
section 1.707-5(a)(1).

This Section 3.17, Section 3.16
and Section 3.19(e) contain the sole and exclusive representations and warranties with respect to any Tax matters
of the Acquired Entities.

Section 3.18 Intellectual
Property.

(a) Registered
Intellectual Property. Schedule 3.18(a)(i) contains a true and complete list of all Company Intellectual Property owned
by an Acquired Entity that is Registered Intellectual Property (the Owned Registered Intellectual Property). All
of the Owned Registered Intellectual Property is valid, subsisting and enforceable in accordance with Applicable Law. Except for Owned
Registered Intellectual Property the Acquired Entities have determined to cancel or abandon in their reasonable business discretion to
the extent set forth in Schedule 3.18(a)(ii), all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal filings and fees in connection
with the Owned Registered Intellectual Property have been timely filed with and paid to the relevant authorized registrars and Governmental
Entities. There are no oppositions, cancellations, invalidity proceedings, interferences or re-examination proceedings presently pending
with respect to the Owned Registered Intellectual Property.

(b) Ownership.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.18(b), the Acquired Entities own all right, title and interest in and to all of the Company
Intellectual Property, in each case free and clear of all Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

(c) Intellectual
Property Development. Each Person who is or was involved in the creation or development of any material Company Intellectual Property
has signed a valid and enforceable agreement containing (i) an irrevocable assignment of their entire right, title and interest
in and to such Intellectual Property to the relevant Acquired Entity, (ii) confidentiality provisions protecting the trade secrets
and other non-public elements of such Intellectual Property, and (iii) to the extent not assignable by law, a waiver of such Persons
moral rights in and to such Intellectual Property, and no such Person has any obligation to any other Person with respect to such Intellectual
Property.

45

(d) Owned
Company Software. No material Owned Company Software contains or is derived from open source, shareware, freeware, copyleft
or similar Software in a manner that requires that such Owned Company Software be disclosed in source code form, licensed for the purpose
of making modifications or derivative works, redistributable at no charge.

(e) Non-Infringement.
The operation of the Acquired Entities business as currently conducted does not infringe or misappropriate in any material respect
any Intellectual Property rights of any other Person. Since the Look-Back Date, no Acquired Entity has received any written notice from
any other Person challenging the right of such Acquired Entity to use any of the Company Intellectual Property owned by such Acquired
Entity or alleging that such Acquired Entity infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property rights of any Person. To the Companys
Knowledge, no third party is infringing or misappropriating any of the Company Intellectual Property. No Acquired Entity is subject to
any outstanding Governmental Order that restricts or impairs such Acquired Entitys use of any Company Intellectual Property.

(f) Maintenance
of Company Intellectual Property. The Acquired Entities have taken commercially reasonable steps to maintain the Company Intellectual
Property so as not to adversely affect the validity or enforceability thereof, and no loss or expiration of any of the Company Intellectual
Property is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, except for Intellectual Property expiring at the end of its statutory
term.

(g) Business
Systems. The computer hardware, software, networks, servers, and other computer and telecommunications equipment used by the Acquired
Entities in the conduct of their business (collectively, the Business Systems) are sufficient in all material respects
for the immediate needs of the Acquired Entities business as it is currently conducted. The Acquired Entities maintain commercially
reasonable security, disaster recovery and business continuity plans and procedures with respect to the Business Systems. Since the Look-Back
Date, there has not been any material failure with respect to any of the Business Systems that has not been remedied or replaced in all
material respects.

(h) Data
Security Requirements. The Acquired Entities and the conduct of their business are in compliance in all material respects with all
Data Security Requirements. Each Acquired Entity has secured all material necessary rights, consents, and permissions, as applicable,
consistent with Data Security Requirements sufficient for the processing of Personal Information by the Acquired Entities. Since the
Look-Back Date, there has not been any (i) actual, suspected or alleged incidents of data security breaches or unauthorized access
with respect to the Business Systems or (ii) actual, suspected or alleged unauthorized acquisition, destruction, damage, disclosure,
loss, corruption, alteration or use of any Personal Information, which in either case (x) would be reasonably likely to result in
any material loss or material liability to the Acquired Entities; (y) resulted in a notice by the Acquired Entities to, or a requirement
to notify, any Persons, or (z) resulted in a complaint from any Person. Each Acquired Entity has established or is subject to, and
since the Look-Back Date has been in material compliance with, a written information security program comprising commercially reasonable
administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to: (A) protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of all Business
Systems and all Acquired Entity Data; (B) prevent unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of the Business Systems and Acquired
Entity Data; (C) includes reasonable policies and procedures that apply to each Acquired Entity with respect to privacy, data protection,
processing, security and the collection and use of and Acquired Entity Data; and (D) identify threats to the confidentiality or
security of Acquired Entity Data and intrusions into the Business Systems. Each Acquired Entity has been subject to routine security
risk assessments in accordance with industry standards and have addressed and fully remediated all material threats and deficiencies
identified in any assessments of the security risks or vulnerabilities of each Acquired Entity.

46

Section 3.19 Labor
Matters.

(a) Labor
Difficulties. There is no labor strike, slowdown, stoppage or lockout actually pending, or, to the Companys Knowledge,
threatened against any Acquired Entity, nor is there any basis for any of the foregoing. The Acquired Entities have not experienced any
labor strike, slowdown, stoppage or lockout since the Look-Back Date.

(b) Collective
Bargaining Agreements; Unions. There are no collective bargaining agreements with any labor organization to which an Acquired Entity
is a party, and no labor union, trade union, employee association or other collective bargaining unit represents any Acquired Entitys
employees. There is no, and since the Look-Back Date there has not been any, union or organizing activity or campaign being conducted
with respect to any Acquired Entitys employees. There is no union, employee representative or other labor organization, which,
pursuant to any Applicable Law, must provide consent or otherwise be notified or consulted, or with which negotiations need to be conducted,
in connection with any of the Transactions.

(c) Charges.
No Acquired Entity is engaged in any unfair labor practice, as defined in the National Labor Relations Act or other Applicable Laws.
There is no, and has not been since the Look-Back Date, any unfair labor practice charge or other Action against any Acquired Entity
pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened before the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or any other Governmental Entity, and since the Look-Back Date, no such charge or Action has been submitted or filed.

(d) Closings;
Layoffs. Since the Look-Back Date, (i) the Acquired Entities have not effectuated or taken any action that might constitute
a plant closing (as defined in the WARN Act or any similar Applicable Laws) affecting any site of employment or one or
more facilities or operating units within any site of employment, and (ii) there has not occurred any action that might constitute
a mass layoff (as defined in the WARN Act or any similar Applicable Laws) affecting any site of employment or facility
of an Acquired Entity.

(e) Employment
Laws. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19(e), the Acquired Entities are, and since the Look-Back Date have been, in compliance
in all material respects with all Applicable Laws regarding labor, employment and employment practices. All current employees of each
Acquired Entity are lawfully entitled to work for such Acquired Entity, all current and former individuals classified as independent
contractors that provide or provided services to the Acquired Entities are properly classified as such for all Applicable Laws, and all
current and former employees classified as exempt for purposes of state or federal employment laws are, and have been,
in all material respects, properly classified as such. To the Companys Knowledge, no allegations or reports of sexual harassment,
discrimination with respect to a protected classification, including race and gender, hostile work environment or similar misconduct
have been made to the Company since the Look-Back Date regarding any Company executives.

47

(f) Census.
Schedule 3.19(f) sets forth a list of all employees of the Acquired Entities performing services as of the date hereof, including
any employee who is on a leave of absence, and sets forth for each such individual the following: (i) name (and/or employee ID#);
(ii) title or position (including whether full or part time); (iii) hire date; (iv) base compensation rate; (v) all
commission, bonus or other incentive-based or contingent compensation paid during the twelve (12) months ended December 31, 2024;
(vi) exempt or non-exempt status under the Fair Labor Standards Act; (vii) accrued and unused vacation days as of the date
hereof; (viii) the location of such employees place of employment; (ix) active or inactive status (and if inactive,
the reason for such absence and the expected date of return to work, if any); (x) employing entity; and (xi) work permits or
visas. Prior to the Closing, the Company will provide to Purchaser an updated employees list to reflect any terminations of employment
and new hires. Schedule 3.19(f) also contains the names of any active independent contractor or consultant engaged by the
Company as of the date hereof and indicates each such individuals compensation structure.

Section 3.20 Affiliate
Transactions. Schedule 3.20 sets forth each Contract between any Acquired Entity, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of
the Company (other than any Company Subsidiary), on the other hand. Except for compensation and benefits provided by an Acquired Entity
to employees in the ordinary course of business, no Acquired Entity is a party to or bound by any Contract with any Existing Equityholder,
any Affiliate of any Existing Equityholder (other than another Acquired Entity) or the directors or officers of any Acquired Entity.
None of the Existing Equityholders, any Affiliate of the Existing Equityholders (other than another Acquired Entity) or the directors
or officers of any Acquired Entity (a) owns or otherwise has, directly or indirectly, any rights to or interests in any material
asset, tangible or intangible, that is used in the Acquired Entities business, or (b) to the Companys Knowledge, owns
any direct or indirect interest in, or controls or is a director, officer, employee, member or partner of, any Person that is a competitor,
supplier, customer, landlord, tenant, creditor or debtor of any Acquired Entity, other than passive investments not in excess of five
percent (5%) of any class of the securities of a Person whose securities are registered under the Securities Act.

Section 3.21 Mortgage
Backed Securities. As of the date hereof, the Company or a Company Subsidiary is the sole owner of each of the mortgage-backed
securities set forth on Schedule 3.21 (collectively, the Company MBS) and the related certificates and other
instruments evidencing ownership of the Company MBS, free and clear of any Encumbrances, except for Permitted Encumbrances. Except as
has not had and would not be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary (a) is in default in the performance of any of its obligations under any pooling and servicing agreements, trust
and servicing agreements, trust agreements, servicing agreements or other similar documents providing for the creation of the Company
MBS or the servicing of the mortgage loans underlying the Company MBS (collectively, the Company Principal MBS Agreements)
or (b) has received any notice of any default by any master or special servicer of any Company MBS. There are no Material Contracts
(other than the Company Principal MBS Agreements) between the Company or any Company Subsidiary and the master or special servicer with
respect to any series of Company MBS.

48

Section 3.22 Mortgage
Loans.

(a) The
Mortgage Loan Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 3.22(a) is true and correct in all material respects as of March 6,
2025.

(b) Schedule
3.22(b) sets forth a true and correct listing in all material respects as of the date hereof of (i) all mortgage loans
under application with the Acquired Entities, which shall also indicate (A) the applicable Program Lender, (B) the amount of
and where the Good Faith Deposit is being held and (C) whether a Trade Confirmation has been entered into (and if so, the details
thereof (including if it is GNMA or Fannie Mae, Investor, permanent loan or construction loan, note rate, pass-through rate, required
delivery dates, volume, call protection, term and who is holding the good faith deposit)), (ii) all commitments by the Acquired
Entities to fund and deliver mortgage loans and (iii) all Mortgage Loans (A) more than thirty (30) days past due on a watch
list, (B) in special asset management, (C) that are the subject of an insurance claim with the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development, (D) that are or are reasonably expected to cause the Company to be required to make advances pursuant to GNMA
requirements, (E) that are construction loans that have not or are not reasonably expected to reach final-endorsement by the date
required by the applicable Trade Confirmation (without taking into account extension periods) or the potential liability of the Company
in connection therewith, and/or and (F) brokered by Meridian.

(c) Each
Mortgage Loan that was made since the Look-Back Date (i) complied in all material respects, at the time of its origination (regardless
of any corrective action taken by any Program Lender, such as a risk loss adjustment), with all Applicable Laws and requirements and
underwriting standards of the applicable Program Lender that were in effect as of the origination date for mortgage loans similar to
such Mortgage Loan (the Applicable Requirements) and (ii) presently complies in all material respects with
Applicable Laws and requirements and underwriting standards of the applicable Program Lender.

(d) Since
the Look-Back Date, the Acquired Entities have complied in all material respects with their servicing obligations under the applicable
Mortgage Servicing Agreement with respect to each Serviced Loan.

(e) No
Mortgage Loan is subject to any foreclosure Action or other mortgage default legal proceeding by any Acquired Entity or any Program Lender.

(f) Since
the Look-Back Date, there has been (i) no written demand made to any Acquired Entities for the repurchase of a Mortgage Loan due
to the alleged breach of any representation, warranty or covenant with respect to the Mortgage applicable to such Mortgage Loan, or due
to alleged intentional fraud relating to such Mortgage Loan and (ii) no correspondence from any Program Lender to any Acquired Entity
concerning the repurchase of any Mortgage Loans. Schedule 3.22(f) sets forth all material correspondence from the Program
Lenders concerning their relationships with either Representative concerning the Company.

49

(g) Each
(i) Mortgage Loan is evidenced by a Mortgage Note and is duly secured by a valid, subsisting, enforceable and perfected first lien
or subordinated lien on the related Mortgaged Property, in each case, on such forms and with such terms as comply with all Applicable
Requirements, (ii) Mortgage related to a Mortgage Loan creates a security interest in an estate in fee simple or ground lease in
the Mortgaged Property, (iii) Mortgage Note related to a Mortgage Loan and the related Mortgage was duly and properly executed and
is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the maker thereof, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability
Limitations (provided that the Enforceability Limitations do not, and will not, interfere with the practical realization of the principal
benefits of the applicable document or agreement pertaining to the Mortgage Loan), (iv) Mortgage Loan is not subject to any rights
of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, nor will the operation of any of the terms of the applicable Mortgage Note or the Mortgage,
or the exercise of any right thereunder, render either such Mortgage Note or such Mortgage unenforceable by the lender, in whole or in
part, or subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaims or defense, including the defense of usury, and no such right of
rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury has been asserted with respect thereto, and (v) Borrower
received all disclosure materials required by Applicable Law with respect to the making of fixed or adjustable rate mortgage loans, as
applicable, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (v), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) To
the Companys Knowledge, all buildings or other customary insured improvements upon each Mortgaged Property related to a Mortgage
Loan are or will be insured by a qualified insurer acceptable under the Program Lender guidelines against loss by fire, hazards of extended
coverage and such other hazards as are provided for in the applicable Program Lender guidelines, pursuant to insurance policies conforming
to Applicable Requirements, in each case, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(i) The
relevant Mortgage Loans files created by the Acquired Entities since the Look-Back Date are currently being and, have, since the Look-Back
Date, been, in the ordinary course of business maintained in all material respects in accordance with all Applicable Requirements in
effect as of the time of such maintenance. The Company has provided or made available to Purchaser true and complete copies of the complete
file of loan documents with respect to each Mortgage Loan, including all amendments, modifications, waivers and materials notices delivered
or received in connection therewith.

(j) Schedule
3.22(j) contains a true and complete list of any employee of the Acquired Entities for whom any of the Acquired Entities has
received written notification since the Look-Back Date of negative feedback or sanction from a Program Lender related to such employees
performance as an employee of the applicable Acquired Entity.

50

Section 3.23 OFAC.

(a) None
of the Acquired Entities, or, to the Companys Knowledge, (x) any director, senior officer, beneficial owner, affiliate or
trustee of any of the Acquired Entities, or (y) any Person on whose behalf any of the Acquired Entities is acting, is (i) named
on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals published by OFAC or the most recent Consolidated Sanctions
List published by OFAC or is a Person whose property or interest in property is blocked under any other sanctions, embargoes,
regulations, rules or laws, administered by OFAC, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or the
U.S. Department of State or any other Sanctions Authority, or has otherwise been designated under Sanctions Laws by Sanctions Authority,
(ii) a national or resident of, an entity organized or chartered by or in, a government instrumentality of or an organization with
a place of business in a country or territory that (A) is the subject of any current country- or territory-based sanctions administered
by OFAC, or (B) has been designated as a High Risk or Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force
on Money Laundering, (iii) a Person engaged, directly or indirectly, in any transactions or other activities prohibited by applicable
Sanctions Laws, including such laws prohibited by the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S.
Department of State, (iv) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA PATRIOT Act, (v) a Person that is
designated under Section 311 or Section 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act by the Secretary of the Treasury as warranting such special
measures due to money laundering concerns or (vi) in violation of, or has been found in violation of, or has been charged by any
Governmental Entity for violation of any anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, anti-corruption, sanctions, or other similar
Applicable Laws.

(b) None
of the Acquired Entities is, directly or indirectly, beneficially owned by any Person described in clauses (i) through (vi) of
Section 3.23(a). Since the Look-Back Date, none of the Acquired Entities has provided services to, engaged in transactions
with, has had possession or control of property or property interests of, or has had any contractual obligation to any Person described
in any of clauses (i) through (vi) of Section 3.23(a), nor do any such circumstances currently exist, in each case,
in violation of Applicable Law. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the references to the most current list of Specially Designated
Nationals and the most current Consolidated Sanctions List in clause (i) of Section 3.23(a) shall
refer to any such list in effect during the existence of any of the circumstances described in the preceding sentence. The Acquired Entities
have in place and maintain internal policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions Laws and
that the Acquired Entities comply in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions Laws, including any obligation to block
assets that may come into their possession or control and to report such blocked assets or attempted transactions by any such Person
to OFAC, and the Acquired Entities, and, to the Companys Knowledge, their officers, members, employees and directors are in compliance
in all material respects with such policies.

Section 3.24 Anti-Money
Laundering Compliance. The Acquired Entities are in compliance in all material respects with, and since the Look-Back Date have
complied in all material respects with all applicable anti-money laundering and terrorism financing laws, including, but not limited
to, Executive Order 13225, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the Bank Secrecy Act and their implementing regulations,
the U.S. Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act, and the rules and regulations administered by OFAC, Bureau of
Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of State, in each case to the extent applicable to
the Acquired Entities. The Acquired Entities have adopted and maintain policies and procedures that are designed to promote and achieve
compliance with the foregoing laws, and, to the Companys Knowledge, the Acquired Entities are in compliance in all material respects
with such policies and procedures.

Section 3.25 Brokers.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.25, the Acquired Entities have not entered into any agreement or arrangement, written or oral,
entitling any broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission
or similar fee in connection with any of the Transactions.

51

Section 3.26 Operating
Line of Credit; Warehouse Lines of Credit; Operating Line of Credit. The Operating Line of Credit and each of the Warehouse Lines
of Credit is in full force and effect, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, has or would reasonably
be expected to result in a reduction in the amount of borrowing capacity available thereunder to the Company. True and complete copies
of the documentation evidencing the Operating Line of Credit and the Warehouse Lines of Credit have been made available to Purchaser.

Section 3.27 Investment
Company Act. None of the Acquired Entities is, or as of the Closing Date will be, and no Client is required to be registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

Section 3.28 Investment
Advisor and Broker-Dealer Regulatory Matters.

(a) Each
Form ADV, Form A-12 and Form BD filing made by the Advisor and Broker-Dealer complied with Applicable Laws in all material
respects and did not at the time they were filed contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The Company has made available to Purchaser
a true and complete copy of the Form ADV of the Advisor as in effect on the date of this Agreement. The Company has made available
to Purchaser a true and complete copy of the Uniform Application for Broker-Dealer Registration in Form BD of each Broker-Dealer
as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

(b) Each
of the Advisor and any other member of the Acquired Entities that acts as an investment advisor is, and at all times required by the
Investment Advisors Act has been, duly registered as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act. The Adviser is the only
member of the Acquired Entities required to be registered as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act. The Advisor and
each other member of the Acquired Entities that acts as an investment advisor (or in an equivalent capacity under the Applicable Law
of any non-U.S. jurisdiction) is, and at all times required by Applicable Law (other than the Investment Advisers Act) has been, duly
registered, licensed or qualified as an investment adviser in each state or any other jurisdiction where the conduct of its business
required such registration, licensing or qualification, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified has not been,
and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. With respect to each Client,
(i) there has been in full force and effect an Advisory Agreement at all times that the applicable Acquired Entity was performing
investment advisory services for such Client and (ii) each Advisory Agreement is a valid and binding Contract of the applicable
Acquired Entity, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Each Advisory Agreement has been entered into and performed by the applicable
Acquired Entity in all respects in accordance with its terms (including any applicable investment restrictions or policies of such Client)
and Applicable Law, except has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. There have been no material
errors or miscalculations with respect to any fees charged under such Advisory Agreements, and all fees paid by such Client have been
calculated in all material respects in accordance with the relevant Advisory Agreement and Applicable Law. Except in each case as has
not been, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Client has provided
the Advisor any written notice to (i) terminate its Advisory Agreement, (ii) engage in negotiations to amend the terms and
conditions of its Advisory Agreement to reduce the applicable fee rate more than twenty-five percent (25%), (iii) withdraw more
than twenty-five percent (25%) of assets under management from any of its accounts under the Advisors management or (iv) initiate
a search for a replacement distributor, fund manager or investment adviser, as the case may be. Each Advisory Agreement that the Advisor
is party to has been made available to Purchaser.

52

(c) The
Broker-Dealer and any Acquired Entity that acts as a broker-dealer and a municipal securities dealer is, and at all times required by
the Exchange Act has been, duly registered as a broker-dealer and a municipal securities dealer under the Exchange Act. The Broker-Dealer
is the only Acquired Entity required to be registered as broker-dealers and municipal securities dealers under the Exchange Act. The
Broker-Dealer and each Acquired Entity that acts as a broker-dealer and municipal securities dealer (or in an equivalent capacity under
the Applicable Law of any non-U.S. jurisdiction) is, and at all times required by Applicable Law (other than the Exchange Act) since
January 1, 2018 has been, duly registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-dealer and municipal securities dealer in each state
or any other jurisdiction where the conduct of its business required such registration, licensing or qualification, except where the
failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified has not been, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Broker-Dealer is a member in good standing of FINRA and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.

(d) Each
of the Advisor and the Broker-Dealer has implemented written policies and procedures as required by the Applicable Law (including Rule 206(4)-7
under the Investment Advisers Act for the Adviser and FINRA Rule 3120 for the Broker-Dealer). Each of the Adviser and Broker-Dealer
has been in compliance with such policies and procedures, except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Purchaser a true and correct copy of each no-action letter and exemptive order issued
to any Acquired Entity upon which any Acquired Entity relies for the conduct of its business as conducted on the date hereof. Each Acquired
Entity, is in compliance in all material respects with such no-action letters and exemptive orders to the extent necessary to rely on
the relief granted thereby.

(e) The
Broker-Dealer currently maintains, and has at all times maintained as required by the Applicable Law, net capital (as such
term is defined in Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act): (i) equal to or in excess of the minimum net capital
required to be maintained by it under the Exchange Act and (ii) in an amount sufficient to ensure that it has not been required
to file notice under Rule 17a-11 under the Exchange Act.

(f) The
Advisor has maintained all assets of Clients, to the extent required by the Investment Advisers Act, in accordance with Rule 206(4)-2
under the Investment Advisers Act, except for such noncompliance as has not had, and would not, either individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the extent required to do so by Rule 206(4)-2 under the Investment
Advisers Act, the Advisor has undergone all required surprise examinations in accordance with Rule 206(4)-2 under the Investment
Advisers Act, and no material discrepancy has been reported during the course of any such surprise examination.

53

(g) Each
of the Broker-Dealer and the Advisor has complied in all respects with all recordkeeping requirements under all Applicable Law, including,
as applicable, Rule 204-2 under the Investment Advisers Act and Section 31(a) of the Investment Company Act and applicable
rules thereunder (including with respect to records in any written or electronic format), Section 17(a) of the Exchange
Act, Exchange Act Rule 17a-3 and 17a-4, and FINRA Rule 4511, 2210, 2241, 2360 and 5130, except such non-compliance as has not
had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) To
the Companys Knowledge, no Client is, or has been, (i) listed on the OFAC list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
Persons or otherwise subject to sanctions administered by OFAC or (ii) otherwise subject to sanctions administered by an equivalent
Governmental Entity in another jurisdiction to the extent the members of the Acquired Entities are required by Applicable Law to take
or omit to take any actions with respect to such sanctions.

(i) Each
officer or employee or representative of a the Acquired Entities who is required to be registered or licensed as an investment
adviser representative (as such term is defined in Rule 203A-3 under the Investment Advisers Act), a principal
(as such term is defined in FINRA Rule 1021), or a representative (as such term is defined in FINRA Rule 1031)
with any Governmental Entity is duly registered, licensed, or authorized to act in such capacity, all such registrations, licenses and
authorizations are in full force and effect and no such registration, license, or authorization has been refused or withdrawn, except
where the failure to be so registered, licensed, or authorized, or for any such registration, license, or authorization to be in full
force and effect or refused or withdrawn, has not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Each
Acquired Entity has, to the extent required by Applicable Law, satisfied in all respects its duty to seek to achieve best execution
(as such term is understood under the Investment Advisers Act) for all Clients for whom it exercises trading discretion, except as has
not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Neither
the Advisor nor any affiliated person (as defined in the Investment Company Act) of the Advisor is ineligible pursuant
to Section 9(a) or 9(b) of the Investment Company Act to serve as an investment advisor to a registered investment company
nor is there any legal or regulatory action pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Entity, that
would result in the ineligibility of the Advisor or any such affiliated person to serve as an investment adviser to a registered
investment company pursuant to Section 9(a) or 9(b) of the Investment Company Act. Neither the Advisor nor any person
associated with (as defined in the Investment Advisers Act) the Advisor is ineligible pursuant to Section 203(e) or
203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act to serve as an investment adviser or as a person associated with an investment
adviser, nor is there any legal or regulatory action pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Entity
that would result in the ineligibility of the Advisor or any such person associated with the Advisor to serve in any such
capacities pursuant to Section 203(e) or 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act. Neither the Broker-Dealer nor any associated
person of any Broker-Dealer is subject to a statutory disqualification (as such terms are defined in the Exchange
Act), and there is no legal or regulatory action pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Entity
that would result in the Broker-Dealer or any associated persons of the Broker-Dealer to become subject to such statutory
disqualification.

54

(l) Schedule
3.28(l) sets forth a list of each Client, each of which is a Non-Registered Fund as of the date hereof. Except with respect
to such Non-Registered Funds, no Acquired Entity acts as investment advisor, general partner, managing member, sponsor, commodity pool
operator or commodity trading advisor to any other pooled investment vehicle. No Non-Registered Fund is required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

(m) Copies
of all existing current private placement memoranda or other similar offering documents for the Non-Registered Funds have been made available
to Purchaser. Such private placement memoranda or other similar offering documents (as applicable) complied in all material respects
with all Applicable Laws as of the date of such private placement memoranda or other similar offering documents (as applicable), and
did not during the period of their authorized use contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were or
are made, not misleading.

(n) Each
Non-Registered Fund is operated in material compliance with (i) Applicable Law and (ii) its respective investment restrictions
and policies, as set forth in its private placement memorandum or other similar applicable offering document and its constituent documents,
in each case, as in effect at the time any investments were made. No Acquired Entity is in default under any Advisory Agreement (including,
as applicable, any constituent documents of a Non-Registered Fund) with a Non-Registered Fund in any material respect. Each such Advisory
Agreement has been performed by the Advisor in accordance with its terms and with the Investment Advisers Act and other Applicable Law
in all material respects. No Acquired Entity or any person associated with (as defined in the Investment Advisers Act)
any Acquired Entity is ineligible pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act with respect to an offering
of securities in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act, nor is there any legal or regulatory action pending
or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Entity against any of the Acquired Entities or any person
associated with (as defined in the Investment Advisers Act) any of the Acquired Entities that would result in the ineligibility
of any such Non-Registered Fund or, to the Companys Knowledge, any such Person to participate in an offering of securities of
the Non-Registered Fund in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED
HEREIN, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article III
and in the Bringdown Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a),
NO ACQUIRED ENTITY NOR ANY EXISTING EQUITYHOLDER RELATED PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND WHETHER RELATED TO AN ACQUIRED ENTITY, THE PURCHASED INTERESTS, THE TRANSACTIONS, THE BUSINESS OR OPERATIONS OF
AN ACQUIRED ENTITY OR THE PROBABLE SUCCESS OR PROFITABILITY THEREOF, THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF AN ACQUIRED ENTITY, OR OTHERWISE.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article III
and in the Bringdown Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a),
THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

55

Article IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE EXISTING EQUITYHOLDERS

Each Existing Equityholder,
severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:

Section 4.1 Organization.
Such Existing Equityholder is, as applicable, a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly formed (as applicable), validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or incorporation. Such Existing Equityholder has all
requisite power and authority to own, lease, license, operate or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its business
in the manner conducted by it, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have an Existing Equityholder
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.2 Authorization.
Such Existing Equityholder has all requisite power and authority, and the requisite legal capacity, to execute, deliver and perform this
Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is specified to be a party and to consummate the Transactions and the execution,
delivery and performance by such Existing Equityholder of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is specified
to be a party and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of such Existing
Equityholder and no other proceedings on the part of such Existing Equityholder are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or
performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents by such Existing Equityholder or to consummate the Transactions.

Section 4.3 Execution;
Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such Existing Equityholder and each
other Transaction Document to which such Existing Equityholder is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Existing
Equityholder, will be duly executed and delivered by such Existing Equityholder. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction
Document to which such Existing Equityholder is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Existing Equityholder, will
constitute (in each case assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by the other Parties and parties thereto), a legal,
valid and binding obligation of such Existing Equityholder, enforceable against such Existing Equityholder in accordance with its terms,
subject to Enforceability Limitations.

Section 4.4 Consents
and Approvals; No Violations.

(a) None
of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which such Existing Equityholder is
a party by such Existing Equityholder, the consummation of the Closing and the Transactions or compliance by such Existing Equityholder
with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict with, violate or result in any breach of any provision of the Operating Documents
or Organizational Documents of such Existing Equityholder, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or constitute
(with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, modification, cancellation
or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any asset of such Existing
Equityholder under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement
to which such Existing Equityholder or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or (iii) conflict
with or result in a violation of any Applicable Laws or any Governmental Order by such Existing Equityholder, excluding, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii), such violations, breaches, defaults and Encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have an Existing Equityholder Material Adverse Effect.

56

(b) No
waiting period expiration or termination, notice, permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by such Existing Equityholder
or the consummation of the Closing and the Transactions by such Existing Equityholder, excluding such notices, permits, consents, approvals
or authorizations of, or declarations to or filings that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
an Existing Equityholder Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.5 Acquisition
of Equity Consideration for Investment.

(a) Such
Existing Equityholder acknowledges its understanding that the offering and issuance of the Equity Consideration to be acquired pursuant
to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that Purchaser OPs reliance on such
exemption is predicated in part on the accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties of such Existing Equityholder
contained herein.

(b) Such
Existing Equityholder is acquiring its applicable share of the Equity Consideration solely for its own account for the purpose of investment
and not as a nominee or agent for any other person and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution
of such Equity Consideration. Such Existing Equityholder agrees and acknowledges that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, transfer,
sell, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (each, a Transfer) any of the Equity Consideration,
unless the Transfer is permitted by the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement; provided that Equity Consideration may be pledged in accordance
with the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement.

(c) Such
Existing Equityholder is knowledgeable, sophisticated and experienced in business and financial matters and fully understands
the limitations on transfer imposed by applicable securities laws and as described in this Agreement. Such Existing Equityholder is able
to bear the economic risk of holding its applicable share of the Equity Consideration for an indefinite period and is able to afford
the complete loss of its investment in such Equity Consideration; such Existing Equityholder has received and reviewed all information
and documents about or pertaining to Purchaser OP, the business and prospects of Purchaser OP and the issuance of the Equity Consideration,
as such Existing Equityholder deems necessary or desirable, and has been given the opportunity to obtain any additional information or
documents and to ask questions and receive answers about such information and documents, Purchaser OP, the business and prospects of
Purchaser OP and the Equity Consideration, which such Existing Equityholder deems necessary or desirable to evaluate the merits and risks
related to its investment in its pro rata share of the Equity Consideration.

57

(d) Such
Existing Equityholder is an Accredited Investor.

(e) Such
Existing Equityholder acknowledges that it has been advised that: (i) the Equity Consideration is not redeemable or exchangeable
for cash or shares of FBRT Common Stock for a minimum of one (1) year after the date of issuance; and (ii) the Equity Consideration
issued pursuant to this Agreement, and any shares of FBRT Common Stock issued in exchange for, or in respect of a redemption of, the
Equity Consideration, have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, and may be disposed of only by reason of a
specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature
of the investment intent and the accuracy of such Existing Equityholders representations as expressed in this Agreement. Such
Existing Equityholder understands that the Equity Consideration is restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal
and state securities Laws and that, pursuant to these Applicable Laws, such Existing Equityholder must hold the Equity Consideration
indefinitely unless they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification
requirements is available. Such Existing Equityholder acknowledges that Purchaser OP has no obligation or intention to register or qualify
the Equity Consideration for resale. Such Existing Equityholder further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification
is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements, including the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Equity
Consideration, and on requirements relating to Purchaser OP, which are outside of such Existing Equityholders control, and which
Purchaser OP is under no obligation, and may not be able, to satisfy. Such Existing Equityholder acknowledges that the Equity Consideration
is subject to the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement. Such Existing Equityholder understands that no public market now exists
for the Equity Consideration, and that Purchaser OP has not made any representation that a public market will ever exist for the Equity
Consideration.

(f) Such
Existing Equityholder understands that any certificate representing the Equity Consideration may bear any legend set forth in, or required
by the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement.

Section 4.6 Title. Such
Existing Equityholder is the sole holder and owner of the Purchased Interests set forth opposite its name on Schedule 3.5(a),
free and clear of all Encumbrances. Such Existing Equityholder has the sole voting power with respect to all of the Purchased Interests
owned by such Existing Equityholder with no restrictions on such power under such Existing Equityholders Operating Documents or
Organizational Documents or any other agreement to which such Existing Equityholder is a party, including the Companys Operating
Documents and Organizational Documents, and such Existing Equityholder has full power, right and authority to transfer the Purchased
Interests owned by such Existing Equityholder to Purchaser in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Purchased Interests owned
by such Existing Equityholder will be transferred to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement free and clear of any Encumbrances. Other than
the Companys Operating Documents and Organizational Documents, such Existing Equityholder is not subject to any agreements, arrangements,
options, warrants, Contracts, calls, rights, commitments or other restrictions relating to the sale, transfer, disposition, pledge, encumbrance,
purchase, redemption or voting of its Purchased Interests. Upon the Closing, such Existing Equityholder will have transferred all rights,
title and interest in and to the Purchased Interests owned by such Existing Equityholder to Purchaser, free and clear of all Encumbrances.

58

Section 4.7 Brokers.
Neither such Existing Equityholder nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement or arrangement entitling any agent, broker,
investment, banker, financial advisor or other Person to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar
fee in connection with any of the Transactions that would be a liability of an Acquired Entity.

NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE IV
AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.6(a), NO EXISTING EQUITYHOLDER MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION
OR WARRANTY HEREIN OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH
IN THIS ARTICLE IV AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.6(a), SUCH EXISTING EQUITYHOLDER
HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to the Company as follows:

Section 5.1 Organization.
Purchaser OP is a Delaware limited partnership and Purchaser TRS is a Delaware limited liability company, in each case, duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Purchaser has all requisite power and authority
necessary to own, lease, license, operate or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the manner conducted
by it, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.2 Authorization.
Purchaser has all requisite power and authority, and the requisite legal capacity, to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and
each other Transaction Document to which it is specified to be a party and to consummate the Transactions, and the execution, delivery
and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is specified to be a party and the consummation
of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Purchaser and no other proceedings on the part of
Purchaser are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents by
Purchaser or to consummate the Transactions.

Section 5.3 Execution;
Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser and each other Transaction
Document to which Purchaser is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by Purchaser, will be duly executed and delivered
by Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document to which Purchaser is specified to be a party, when executed
and delivered by Purchaser, will constitute (in each case assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by the other Parties
and parties thereto), a legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms,
subject to Enforceability Limitations.

59

Section 5.4 Consents
and Approvals; No Violations.

(a) None
of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a party by Purchaser,
the consummation of the Closing and the Transactions or compliance by Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict
with or violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Operating Documents or Organizational Documents of Purchaser,
(ii) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a
default (or give rise to any right of termination, modification, cancellation or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any
Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any asset of Purchaser under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement to which Purchaser or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which any
of them may be bound, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any Applicable Laws or any Governmental Order by Purchaser,
excluding, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), such violations, breaches, defaults and Encumbrances that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Except
for any Program Lender Consents and Licenses and Permits Consents and as may be necessary as a result of any facts or circumstances relating
to the Existing Equityholders or their respective Affiliates (other than an Acquired Entity), no waiting period expiration or termination,
notice, permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by Purchaser or the consummation of the Closing and the Transactions by
Purchaser, excluding such notices, permits, consents, approvals or authorizations of, or declarations to or filings that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.5 Capitalization.

(a) Capitalization;
Ownership. As of the date hereof, FBRT owns (directly or indirectly) all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Purchaser
OP. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of Purchaser OP are duly authorized and validly issued. None of the outstanding Equity Interests
of Purchaser OP are subject to, or issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right,
subscription right or any similar right under Applicable Laws or the Operating Documents or Organizational Documents of Purchaser or
any Contract to which Purchaser OP is a party or by which Purchaser OP is bound.

(b) Other
Securities. As of the date hereof, there are no (i) outstanding securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for
Equity Interests of Purchaser OP (ii) outstanding or authorized options, warrants, call rights or other similar rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any kind obligating Purchaser OP to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or sold
any Equity Interests of Purchaser OP, (iii) outstanding or authorized equity appreciation, phantom equity, profit sharing or similar
rights with respect to Purchaser OP, or (iv) other than the Operating Documents of Purchaser OP, Contracts to which Purchaser OP
is a party relating to the voting, issuance, purchase, redemption, registration, repurchase or transfer of any of the Equity Interests
of Purchaser OP.

60

Section 5.6 Equity
Consideration.

(a) The
Equity Consideration, when issued in accordance with the terms of and for the consideration set forth in, this Agreement, will be duly
authorized and validly issued and will not be subject to any Encumbrance, option, call, pre-emptive, subscription or similar rights (other
than those imposed under the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement).

(b) The
issuance and delivery by Purchaser OP of the Equity Consideration to the Existing Equityholders does not require any vote or other approval
or authorization of any holder of any Equity Interests of any Purchaser or its Affiliates, other than FBRT in its capacity as general
partner.

Section 5.7 Acquisition
of Purchased Interests for Investment. Purchaser is acquiring the Purchased Interests for its own account, for investment only,
and not with a view to any resale or public distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act. Purchaser shall not offer to sell
or otherwise dispose of the Purchased Interests in violation of any Applicable Law, including the Securities Act. Purchaser acknowledges
that (a) none of the Purchased Interests has been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, (b) there
is no public market for the Purchased Interests and there can be no assurance that a public market will develop, (c) it is capable
of bearing the economic risk of its investment in the Purchased Interests for an indefinite period of time and (d) the Purchased
Interests will be subject to restrictions on transfer under the Securities Act. Purchaser is an Accredited Investor within
the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Section 5.8 Solvency. Immediately
after giving effect to the Transactions: (i) the fair saleable value (determined on a going concern basis) of the assets of Purchaser
and each of its Subsidiaries shall be greater than the total amount of their liabilities (including all liabilities, whether or not reflected
in a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, and whether direct or indirect, fixed or contingent, secured or unsecured, disputed
or undisputed); (ii) Purchaser and each of its Subsidiaries shall be able to pay their debts and obligations in the ordinary course
of business as they become due; and (iii) each of Purchaser and its Subsidiaries shall have adequate capital to carry on their businesses
and all businesses in which they are about to engage. In consummating the Transactions, Purchaser does not intend to hinder, delay or
defraud any present or future creditors of Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Acquired Entities).

Section 5.9 Litigation.
There is (a) no Action pending (regardless of whether Purchaser is the plaintiff or the defendant) or, to Purchasers actual
knowledge, threatened against Purchaser, or (b) no event that has occurred, and no claim, dispute or other condition or circumstance
that exists, that would reasonably be expected to give rise to the commencement of any such Action against Purchaser, in each case, that
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect or would affect the legality,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or any action to be taken by Purchaser pursuant
to this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents.

61

Section 5.10 Compliance
with Laws.

(a) Neither
Purchaser nor, to Purchasers actual knowledge, (x) any director, senior officer or trustee of Purchaser, or (y) any
Person on whose behalf Purchaser is acting, is (i) named on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals
published by OFAC or the most recent Consolidated Sanctions List published by OFAC or is a Person whose property or interest
in property is blocked under any other sanctions, embargoes, regulations, rules or laws, administered by OFAC, the Bureau of Industry
and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or the U.S. Department of State or any other Sanctions Authority, or has otherwise been
designated under Sanctions Laws by a Sanctions Authority, (ii) a national or resident of, an entity organized or chartered by or
in, a government instrumentality of or an organization with a place of business in a country or territory that (A) is the subject
of any current country- or territory-based sanctions administered by OFAC, or (B) has been designated as a High Risk or Non-Cooperative
Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, (iii) a Person engaged, directly or indirectly, in any
transactions or other activities prohibited by applicable Sanctions, including such laws prohibited by the Bureau of Industry and Security
of the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State, (iv) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of
the USA PATRIOT Act, (v) a Person that is designated under Section 311 or Section 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act by the Secretary
of the Treasury as warranting such special measures due to money laundering concerns or (vi) in violation of, or has been found
in violation of, or has been charged by any Governmental Entity for violation of any anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing,
anti-corruption, sanctions, or other similar Applicable Laws.

(b) To
Purchasers actual knowledge, Purchaser is not, directly or indirectly, beneficially owned by any Person described in clauses (i) through
(v) of Section 4.8(a). To Purchasers actual knowledge, since the Look-Back Date, Purchaser has not provided services
to, engaged in transactions with, has had possession or control of property or property interests of, or has had any contractual obligation
to any Person described in any of clauses (i) through (v) of Section 4.8(a), nor to Purchasers actual knowledge
do any such circumstances currently exist, in each case, in violation of Applicable Law. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the
references to the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and the most current Consolidated Sanctions
List in clause (i) of Section 4.8(a) shall refer to any such list in effect during the existence of any
of the circumstances described in the preceding sentence. Purchaser has in place and maintains internal policies and procedures that
are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions Laws and that the Acquired Entities comply in all material respects with
any obligation to block assets that may come into their possession or control and to report such blocked assets or attempted
transactions by any such Person to OFAC, and to Purchasers actual knowledge, Purchaser and its officers, members, employees and
directors are in compliance in all material respects with such policies.

(c) Neither
Purchaser, nor any of its directors, managers or executive officers, nor, to Purchasers actual knowledge, any of its representatives,
agents or employees acting on its behalf, (i) has used or is using any corporate funds for any unlawful contributions, gifts, travel,
meal and lodging expense, service equipment, debt forgiveness, employment, donation, grant, entertainment or other expenses or other
thing of value, however characterized, relating to political activity, (ii) has used or is using any corporate funds for any direct
or indirect unlawful payments to (a) any foreign or domestic governmental officials, agents or employees, (b) a director, officer,
employee or agent of a wholly or partially government-owned or -controlled company or business, (c) any political party or official
thereof, (d) any candidate for political office, (e) any relative of the above-described persons, or (f) any other person
at the suggestion, request, direction or for the benefit of any of the above-described persons, in each case intending to improperly
obtain or retain business, or an advantage in the conduct of business, for Purchaser, (iii) has violated or is violating any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or any similar laws of other jurisdictions, (iv) has established or maintained,
or is maintaining, any unlawful fund of corporate monies or other properties, or (v) has made any bribe, unlawful rebate, unlawful
payoff, influence payment, kickback or similar unlawful payment.

62

Section 5.11 Anti-Money
Laundering Compliance. Purchaser is in compliance in all material respects with, and since the Look-Back Date has complied in
all material respects with all applicable money-laundering and terrorism financing laws, including, but not limited to, Executive Order
13225, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the Bank Secrecy Act and their implementing regulations, the U.S. Money Laundering
Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act and the rules and regulations administered by OFAC, Bureau of Industry and Security of
the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of State, in each case to the extent applicable to Purchaser.

Section 5.12 Brokers.
Except for Barclays Capital Inc., neither Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement or arrangement entitling
any agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission
or similar fee in connection with any of the Transactions.

Section 5.13 Loan
Origination Relationships. Neither Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates is party to any arrangement, agreement, contract, instrument
or commitment of any kind, whether written or oral, (a) requiring that it exclusively direct its agency loan originations to any
Person, (b) that otherwise limits, restricts or prohibits Purchaser or any of its Affiliates from entering into a correspondent
or other agreement with any Person in connection with directing its agency loan originations or (c) that imposes any restriction
on Purchaser or any of its Affiliates from holding, or owning any Equity Interests in any Person that holds, any permits, licenses or
approvals of or from any Program Lender.

NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article V
AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO Section 2.7(a),
NEITHER PURCHASER NOR ANY PURCHASER RELATED PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY HEREIN OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article V
AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO Section 2.7(a),
PURCHASER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

63

Article VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FBRT

Except as disclosed in the
FBRT SEC Documents that are filed or furnished available at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof (but excluding
any disclosures set forth in any risk factors section, any disclosures in any forward looking statements
section and any other disclosures included therein in each case to the extent they are predictive or forward-looking in nature, in each
case other than any specific factual information contained therein, which shall not be excluded), FBRT hereby represents and warrants
to the Company as follows:

Section 6.1 Organization.
FBRT is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Maryland. FBRT has all requisite power
and authority necessary to own, lease, license, operate or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the
manner conducted by it, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a FBRT Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 6.2 Authorization.
FBRT has all requisite power and authority, and the requisite legal capacity, to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each
other Transaction Document to which it is specified to be a party and to consummate the Transactions, and the execution, delivery and
performance by FBRT of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is specified to be a party and the consummation
of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of FBRT and no other proceedings on the part of FBRT
are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents by Purchaser
or to consummate the Transactions.

Section 6.3 Execution;
Validity of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by FBRT and each other Transaction Document
to which FBRT is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by FBRT, will be duly executed and delivered by FBRT. This Agreement
constitutes, and each other Transaction Document to which FBRT is specified to be a party, when executed and delivered by FBRT, will
constitute (in each case assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by the other Parties and parties thereto), a legal,
valid and binding obligation of FBRT, enforceable against FBRT in accordance with its terms, subject to Enforceability Limitations.

Section 6.4 Consents
and Approvals; No Violations.

(a) None
of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which FBRT is a party by FBRT, the
consummation of the Closing and the Transactions or compliance by FBRT with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict with,
violate or result in any breach of any provision of the Operating Documents or Organizational Documents of FBRT, (ii) conflict with
or result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to
any right of termination, modification, cancellation or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance (other than
Permitted Encumbrances) on any asset of FBRT under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, contract or other agreement to which FBRT or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or (iii) conflict
with or result in a violation of any Applicable Laws or any Governmental Order by FBRT, excluding, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such violations, breaches, defaults and Encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a FBRT Material Adverse Effect or that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability
of FBRT to consummate the Closing.

64

(b) No
waiting period expiration or termination, notice, permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by FBRT or the consummation
of the Closing and the Transactions by FBRT, excluding such notices, permits, consents, approvals or authorizations of, or declarations
to or filings that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a FBRT Material Adverse Effect or that
would or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of FBRT to consummate the Closing.

Section 6.5 Capitalization.

(a) The
authorized capital of FBRT consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (x) 900,000,000 shares designated as
common stock, $0.01 par value per share (FBRT Common Stock) and (y) 100,000,000 shares designated as preferred
stock, $0.01 par value per share (the FBRT Preferred Stock). As of March 7, 2025, (i) 82,214,630 shares
of FBRT Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) 10,329,039 shares of FBRT Preferred Stock designated as Series E cumulative
redeemable preferred stock were issued and outstanding, (iii) 17,950 shares of FBRT Preferred Stock designated as Series H
convertible preferred stock were issued and outstanding and (iv) 1,475,850 shares of FBRT Common Stock that have been issued and
remain unvested pursuant to FBRTs equity incentive plan and 2,940,329 shares of FBRT Common Stock that are reserved for issuance
under FBRTs equity incentive plan.

(b) Other
Securities. Except as set forth in Section 6.5(a), as of the date hereof, there are no (i) outstanding securities
or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of FBRT, (ii) outstanding or authorized options, warrants,
call rights or other similar rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any kind obligating FBRT to issue, transfer or sell or
cause to be issued, transferred or sold any Equity Interests of FBRT, (iii) outstanding or authorized equity appreciation, phantom
equity, profit sharing or similar rights with respect to FBRT, or (iv) other than the Operating Documents of FBRT, Contracts to
which FBRT is a party relating to the voting, issuance, purchase, redemption, registration, repurchase or transfer of any of the Equity
Interests of FBRT.

Section 6.6 Equity
Consideration.

(a) Each
holder of Class A Units of Purchaser OP comprising the Equity Consideration may cause each such Class A Unit to be redeemed
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement.

(b) As
of the date hereof, FBRT has reserved 8,385,951 shares of FBRT Common Stock for issuance upon the exchange of the Equity Consideration
for shares of FBRT Common Stock upon redemption in accordance with the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement (if such exchange
is so elected by FBRT to satisfy such redemption).

65

(c) Each
share of FBRT Common Stock, if and when issued in exchange for a Class A Unit of Purchaser OP upon redemption in accordance with
the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement (if such exchange is so elected by FBRT to satisfy such redemption), will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not be subject to any Encumbrance, option, call, pre-emptive, subscription or
similar rights (other than those imposed under the Operating Documents and Organizational Documents of FBRT).

(d) Any
issuance and delivery by FBRT of shares of FBRT Common Stock in exchange for the Equity Consideration to the holders thereof does not
require any vote or other approval or authorization of any holder of any shares of FBRT Common Stock.

(e) As
of the Closing, FBRT does not own any assets other than the Qualified Assets (as defined in the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement).

(f) As
of the Closing, Purchaser OP will be owned (i) in part by FBRT and (ii) in part by an entity that is (a) wholly-owned
by FBRT and (b) not a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Section 6.7 SEC
Reports; Financial Statements.

(a) Since
the Look-Back Date, FBRT has filed or furnished all forms, reports, statements, schedules, certifications and other documents (including
all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) required to be filed or furnished by FBRT with the SEC (all such forms, reports, statements,
schedules, certifications, exhibits and other information incorporated therein, and other documents, as amended, collectively, the FBRT
SEC Documents). As of their respective filed dates, or, if amended, as of the date of (and giving effect to) the last such
amendment made, in each case, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, each of the FBRT SEC Documents complied in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable to such FBRT SEC Document,
each as in effect on the date so filed. As of the respective dates they were filed or, if amended, in each case, at least two (2) Business
Days prior to the date hereof, as of the date of such amendment with respect to those disclosures that are amended, none of the FBRT
SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(b) The
consolidated financial statements of FBRT (including any related notes and schedules thereto) that are included in the FBRT SEC Documents
(i) complied in all material respects, when filed or if amended, in each case, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the
date of this Agreement, as of the date of such amendment, with the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto,
(ii) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto or may be permitted by the SEC under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly present in all material respects
in accordance with applicable requirements of GAAP and the SEC the consolidated financial position of FBRT at the respective dates thereof
and for the respective periods indicated therein and the consolidated results of their operations, cash flows and stockholders
equity for the respective periods indicated.

66

(c) FBRT
maintains a system of internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) as required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act and sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability
of FBRTs financial reporting for FBRT and its consolidated Subsidiaries. FBRT has designed disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance that material information
required to be disclosed by FBRT in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to FBRTs
management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. From the Look-Back Date to the date of this Agreement,
FBRTs auditors and the board of directors of FBRT has not been advised of (i) any significant deficiency and material weakness
in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material
respect its ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involved
management or other employees who have a significant role in FBRTs internal control over financial reporting and, in each case,
FBRT has not failed to disclose such information to its auditors or its board of directors.

(d) To
the actual knowledge of FBRT, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC staff with respect
to any FBRT SEC Documents and, to the knowledge of FBRT, none of the FBRT SEC Documents is the subject of ongoing SEC review.

Section 6.8 No
Undisclosed Liabilities. FBRT and its Subsidiaries have no debts, liabilities or obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute
or contingent, matured or unmatured or determined or determinable that would be required by GAAP to be reflected on the face of a consolidated
balance sheet of the FBRT and its Subsidiaries, except for debts, liabilities or obligations, (a) reflected on, or reserved against
in, the balance sheets included in FBRTs consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 or September 30, 2024, (b) incurred
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice subsequent to September 30, 2024, (c) that (i) exist
under any Contract, (ii) are expressly set forth in and identifiable by reference to the text of such Contract and (iii) are
not required to be identified as liabilities in a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, (d) incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the Transactions or disclosed in this Agreement or the Schedules or (e) that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a FBRT Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.9 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since December 31, 2023 and through the date hereof there has not been any FBRT Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.10 Litigation.
There is (a) no Action pending (regardless of whether FBRT is the plaintiff or the defendant) or, to FBRTs actual knowledge,
threatened against FBRT, or (b) no event that has occurred, and no claim, dispute or other condition or circumstance that exists,
that would reasonably be expected to give rise to the commencement of any such Action against FBRT, in each case, that would, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a FBRT Material Adverse Effect or would affect the legality, validity or enforceability
of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or any action to be taken by FBRT pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Documents.

67

Section 6.11 Affiliate
Transactions. As of the date of this Agreement, no material relationship, direct or indirect, exists between FBRT or any of its
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any officer, director or other Affiliate of the FBRT, on the other hand, that is required to be described
under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act in the FBRT SEC Documents, which is not described therein.

Section 6.12 Compliance
with Laws.

(a) Neither
FBRT nor, to FBRTs actual knowledge, (x) any director, senior officer or trustee of FBRT, or (y) any Person on whose
behalf FBRT is acting, is (i) named on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals published by OFAC or
the most recent Consolidated Sanctions List published by OFAC or is a Person whose property or interest in property is
blocked under any other sanctions, embargoes, regulations, rules or laws, administered by OFAC, the Bureau of Industry and Security
of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or the U.S. Department of State or any other Sanctions Authority, or has otherwise been designated
under Sanctions Laws by a Sanctions Authority, (ii) a national or resident of, an entity organized or chartered by or in, a government
instrumentality of or an organization with a place of business in a country or territory that (A) is the subject of any current
country- or territory-based sanctions administered by OFAC, or (B) has been designated as a High Risk or Non-Cooperative
Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, (iii) a Person engaged, directly or indirectly, in any
transactions or other activities prohibited by applicable Sanctions, including such laws prohibited by the Bureau of Industry and Security
of the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State, (iv) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of
the USA PATRIOT Act, (v) a Person that is designated under Section 311 or Section 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act by the Secretary
of the Treasury as warranting such special measures due to money laundering concerns or (vi) in violation of, or has been found
in violation of, or has been charged by any Governmental Entity for violation of any anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing,
anti-corruption, sanctions, or other similar Applicable Laws.

(b) FBRT
is not, directly or indirectly, beneficially owned by any Person described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 6.12(a).
To FBRTs actual knowledge, since the Look-Back Date, FBRT has not provided services to, engaged in transactions with, has had
possession or control of property or property interests of, or has had any contractual obligation to any Person described in any of clauses
(i) through (v) of Section 6.12(a), nor do any such circumstances currently exist, in each case, in violation of
Applicable Law. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the references to the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals
and the most current Consolidated Sanctions List in clause (i) of Section 6.12(a) shall refer to
any such list in effect during the existence of any of the circumstances described in the preceding sentence. FBRT has in place and maintains
internal policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions Laws and that the Acquired Entities
comply in all material respects with any obligation to block assets that may come into their possession or control and
to report such blocked assets or attempted transactions by any such Person to OFAC, and to FBRTs actual knowledge, FBRT and its
officers, members, employees and directors are in compliance in all material respects with such policies.

68

(c) Neither
FBRT, nor any of its directors, managers or executive officers, nor, to FBRTs actual knowledge, any of its representatives, agents
or employees acting on its behalf, (i) has used or is using any corporate funds for any unlawful contributions, gifts, travel, meal
and lodging expense, service equipment, debt forgiveness, employment, donation, grant, entertainment or other expenses or other thing
of value, however characterized, relating to political activity, (ii) has used or is using any corporate funds for any direct or
indirect unlawful payments to (a) any foreign or domestic governmental officials, agents or employees, (b) a director, officer,
employee or agent of a wholly or partially government-owned or -controlled company or business, (c) any political party or official
thereof, (d) any candidate for political office, (e) any relative of the above-described persons, or (f) any other person
at the suggestion, request, direction or for the benefit of any of the above-described persons, in each case intending to improperly
obtain or retain business, or an advantage in the conduct of business, for FBRT, (iii) has violated or is violating any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or any similar laws of other jurisdictions, (iv) has established or maintained,
or is maintaining, any unlawful fund of corporate monies or other properties, or (v) has made any bribe, unlawful rebate, unlawful
payoff, influence payment, kickback or similar unlawful payment.

Section 6.13 Anti-Money
Laundering Compliance. FBRT is in compliance in all material respects with, and since the Look-Back Date has complied in all
material respects with all applicable money-laundering and terrorism financing laws, including, but not limited to, Executive Order 13225,
the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the Bank Secrecy Act and their implementing regulations, the U.S. Money Laundering
Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act and the rules and regulations administered by OFAC, Bureau of Industry and Security of
the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of State, in each case to the extent applicable to the Acquired Entities.

Section 6.14 Brokers.
Except for Barclays Capital Inc., neither FBRT nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement or arrangement entitling any
agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission
or similar fee in connection with any of the Transactions.

Section 6.15 Availability
of Funds. FBRT has available, and as of the Closing, will have available sufficient cash on hand or other sources of immediately
available funds to pay the Estimated Base Purchase Price, its and Purchasers expenses related to the Transactions and all other
amounts payable by it or Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and to effect the Transactions. FBRT has not incurred any obligation, commitment,
restriction or liability of any kind, and is not contemplating or aware of any obligation, commitment, restriction or liability of any
kind, in any case which would impair or adversely affect such funding.

NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article VI
AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO Section 2.8(a),
NEITHER FBRT NOR ANY FBRT RELATED PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY HEREIN OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS Article VI
AND IN THE BRINGDOWN CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO Section 2.8(a),
FBRT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.

69

Article VII

CERTAIN COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

Section 7.1 Interim
Operations of the Acquired Entities.

(a) During
the Interim Period, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including the Reorganization), as disclosed on Schedule
7.1, as consented to by Purchaser in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or as required
by Applicable Law, the Company shall, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to, operate in all material respects in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice (including continuing to conduct the business of originating and servicing loans) and use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact its business organization, (ii) maintain in effect all Licenses and Permits, and
(iii) preserve its material business relationships, including all business relationships with all Program Lenders, provided,
that such efforts shall not require anything further than actions consistent with those commercially reasonable efforts maintained by
the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

(b) During
the Interim Period, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including the Reorganization), as disclosed on Schedule
7.1, as consented to by Purchaser in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or as required
by Applicable Law, the Company shall not, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to not:

(i) amend
or otherwise change the Organizational Documents or Operating Documents of any Acquired Entity;

(ii) issue,
sell, transfer, dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber Equity Interests of any Acquired Entity or securities convertible or exchangeable
for, or options, warrants, or other rights to acquire, any such Equity Interests;

(iii) incur
any Indebtedness outside the ordinary course of business;

(iv) (A) declare,
set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect
of any Equity Interests of any Acquired Entity (other than (x) distributions by a wholly owned Company Subsidiary to its parent
entity, (y) distributions required pursuant to the terms of the applicable Operating Document of a non-wholly owned Company Subsidiary)
or (z) distributions in an amount solely to the extent required under Section 7.5 of the Companys Operating Document
or (B) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire Equity Interests of any Acquired Entity or any instrument or security which consists
of or includes a right to acquire such Equity Interests;

(v) (A) form
any Subsidiary or acquire any Equity Interest or other interest in any Person; (B) make any loan, advance or capital contribution
to, or investment in, any other Person (except for (x) loans among the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries or among the Companys
wholly owned Subsidiaries, (y) routine advances for travel and other normal business expenses to current directors, officers and
employees of any Acquired Entity in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and (z) lending in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice); or (C) enter into any joint venture, strategic partnership or alliance;

70

(vi) create
any Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) on any of the assets of the Acquired Entities;

(vii) increase
the compensation or benefits payable to any of the current or former directors, managers, consultants, officers or employees of the Acquired
Entities, other than (A) increases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with respect to employees earning
annual cash compensation not in excess of $200,000, (B) the annual salary increases and bonus payments previously approved by the
Company, effective as of March 2025, (C) as required by any Benefit Plan, employment agreement, severance plan or retention
plan existing on the date hereof, (D) as required by Applicable Law or (E) an immaterial change in benefits made in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;

(viii) hire
any employee of the Acquired Entities who earns, or if applicable, is expected to earn upon hiring annual cash compensation in excess
of $350,000, except for hires to fill a vacant position (including a new position to fill a vacant portfolio);

(ix) terminate
(other than for cause) any employee of the Acquired Entities;

(x) (A) grant
or enter into any agreement providing for any severance, retention, change-in-control or termination pay to any present or former director,
officer or employee of the Acquired Entities, (B) establish, adopt, enter into, materially amend or terminate any Benefit Plan or
any plan, agreement, program, policy, trust, fund or other arrangement that would be an Benefit Plan if it were in existence as of the
date of this Agreement, if such establishment, adoption, material amendment or termination creates, or could reasonably be expected to
create, any potential increased liability for Purchaser or any Acquired Entity or (C) provide to any current or future employee
of the Acquired Entities a guaranty of compensation or term of employment;

(xi) change
any method of accounting or accounting practice of the Acquired Entities other than any such change required by a concurrent change in
GAAP or Applicable Law;

(xii) (A) make,
change, or revoke any material tax election, change any accounting period or method with respect to Taxes, file any amended Tax Return,
enter into any closing agreement with respect to material Taxes, settle or compromise any proceeding with respect to any material Tax
claim or assessment relating to any of the Acquired Entities, surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes or request any ruling with
respect to Taxes, or (B) without first providing notice to Purchaser, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitations period
applicable to any material Tax claim or assessment (other than in the ordinary course of business);

(xiii) effect
any complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization, reclassification, equity dividend, equity split or similar change
in any Acquired Entitys capitalization;

71

(xiv) make
any charitable or political contribution;

(xv) permit
to lapse, forfeit or modify any Licenses and Permits;

(xvi) modify,
amend, terminate or grant any consent or waiver with respect to any material right, claim or remedy under, any Material Contract, Real
Property Lease, Mortgage Loan or Serviced Loan or Warehouse Line of Credit, except for (A) the automatic renewal of any such Contract
upon its expiration in accordance with its terms or (B) the renewal of any such Contract for (1) a term of no greater than
one year that may be terminated at the end of such term without penalty and (2) a cost increase of no greater than 5%;

(xvii) commence,
settle or compromise any Action by or against an Acquired Entity, except for settlement or compromises requiring only the payment of
money by an Acquired Entity in an amount which does not exceed, individually or in the aggregate with all other such settlements or compromises,
$100,000 (taking into account for such purposes the application of any insurance proceeds);

(xviii) acquire
by merger or consolidation with, or by purchasing all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or assets of, any partnership, corporation,
limited liability company or other legal entity;

(xix) make
or incur capital expenditures that are not reflected in the annual budget of the Company made available to Purchaser that exceed $250,000
in the aggregate;

(xx) sell,
lease or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, any material portion of its assets, other than sales,
leases or dispositions of assets (A) that, if other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, involve
consideration that constitutes fair market value therefor and does not exceed $100,000, individually, or $250,000, in the aggregate,
or (B) made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xxi) enter
into, or permit any of the assets owned or used by an Acquired Entity to become bound by, any Contract that would constitute a Material
Contract, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xxii) permit
the lapse of any existing policy of insurance insuring the business or assets of the Acquired Entities as of the date hereof, without
renewing or replacing such policy with substantially similar or better insurance coverage at substantially the same cost as the existing
insurance policy;

(xxiii) sell,
assign, transfer or grant any license or sublicense of any Company Intellectual Property or allow any registered Company Intellectual
Property to lapse or go abandoned;

(xxiv) take
any action, or fail to take any action, which action or failure would reasonably be expected to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act;

72

(xxv) accelerate
the collection of or discount any accounts receivable, delay the payment of accounts payable or defer expenses or materially reduce inventories,
except in each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or change any practice or procedure with respect
to the collection of accounts receivable or the payment of accounts payable, or offer to discount the amount of any account receivable,
or extend any incentive (whether to an account debtor, an account creditor or any employee or third party responsible for the collection
of receivables or the payment of payables) with respect to any account receivable or account payable or the payment or collection thereof;

(xxvi) acquire
any real property, other than in connection with any foreclosure under a Mortgage Loan or Serviced Loan in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;

(xxvii) enter
into, adopt, negotiate, modify or amend any collective bargaining agreement or any other Contract with any labor union, works council,
trade association or other agreement or Contract with any employee organization covering employees of the Company unless required by
Applicable Law;

(xxviii) enter
into any new line of business; or

(xxix) agree
or commit in any legally binding manner to do any of the things described in subsections (i) through (xxviii) above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein
to the contrary, (x) nothing contained herein shall give to Purchaser, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the
business or operations of the Acquired Entities prior to the Closing and (y) the Acquired Entities shall be permitted to use cash
during the Interim Period to repay Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business or pay Company Transaction Expenses. Purchaser shall,
promptly following the date of this Agreement, designate two (2) individual representatives of Purchaser either of whom the Company
may seek approval to undertake any actions requiring Purchasers consent under this Section 7.1, and shall cause such
individuals to respond, on behalf of Purchaser, to the Companys written requests in an expeditious manner.

73

Section 7.2 Access;
Confidentiality.

(a) Pre-Closing
Access to Books and Records. During the Interim Period, the Company shall (i) give Purchaser and its authorized representatives
reasonable access to all books, records, licenses, permits, contracts, offices, other facilities and personnel of the Acquired Entities,
(ii) permit Purchaser to make such copies and inspections thereof as Purchaser may reasonably request, and (iii) cause the
officers and managers of the Acquired Entities to furnish Purchaser with such financial and operating data and other information with
respect to the business of the Acquired Entities as Purchaser may from time to time reasonably request, in each case for the purpose
of facilitating the consummation of the Closing; provided, however, that (A) any such access, copies and inspections
shall be at Purchasers expense, upon reasonable prior notice, during normal business hours, under the supervision of the Acquired
Entities personnel and in such a manner as to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and the Transactions and not to unreasonably
interfere with the normal operation of the businesses of the Acquired Entities and (B) the auditors and accountants of the Acquired
Entities shall not be obligated to make any work papers available to any Person except in accordance with the applicable auditors
or accountants normal disclosure procedures, including the execution and delivery of an agreement relating to such access to work
papers in form and substance satisfactory to such auditors or accountants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser and the Purchaser
Related Parties shall not, directly or indirectly, contact customers, suppliers, employees or other stakeholders or business partners
of the Acquired Entities in connection with the Transactions without the express written consent of the Company, provided, that
(x) the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange such meetings and telephone conferences with such Persons,
including Program Lenders and the servicing teams and other key employees of the Acquired Entities, as Purchaser may from time to time
reasonably request, and the Company hereby authorizes Purchaser to discuss the Transactions with Program Lenders (provided that
Purchaser includes the Company on all material and substantive correspondence with Program Lenders and invites the Company to attend
any material and substantive discussions or meetings with Program Lenders), and (y) Purchaser and the Purchaser Related Parties
may continue any contact with such parties to the extent that such contact is in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice in all material respects and wholly unrelated to this Agreement, the Acquired Entities or their businesses, or the Transactions.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall require the disclosure to or on behalf of Purchaser of any bids, the identity of any bidder,
confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements, letters of intent, expressions of interest or other proposals received in connection with
transactions comparable to those contemplated by this Agreement, nor shall anything contained in this Agreement be construed as requiring
the disclosure of any information to or on behalf of Purchaser if such disclosure could reasonably be expected, as determined by the
Company, to (x) jeopardize any attorney-client or other legal privilege, (y) contravene any Applicable Law or fiduciary duty,
or (z) contravene any obligation of secrecy or confidentiality to any Governmental Entity.

(b) Post-Closing
Access to Books and Records. Purchaser shall preserve, and shall cause the Acquired Entities to preserve, for a period of six (6) years
following the Closing Date, all pre-Closing Date books and records possessed by or under the control of the Acquired Entities. During
such six (6) year period, (i) to the extent necessary for the preparation of financial statements, regulatory filings or Tax
Returns of Existing Equityholders or their respective Affiliates or (ii) in connection with any Action, Purchaser shall give the
Representatives (on behalf of the Existing Equityholders) and its representatives reasonable access to all offices, facilities, books
and records relating to the pre-Closing period, officers, employees and advisors of the Acquired Entities as the Representatives may
reasonably request (upon reasonable prior notice) during normal business hours (including by permitting the Existing Equityholders and
their representatives (including the Representatives) to make copies of such books and records at their sole cost and expense); provided,
however, that any such access, copies and inspections shall be conducted in such a manner as to maintain the confidentiality of this
Agreement and not to interfere with the normal operation of the businesses of the Acquired Entities and nothing shall be construed as
requiring the disclosure of any information to or on behalf of the Representatives if such disclosure could reasonably be expected, as
determined by Purchaser, to (x) jeopardize any attorney-client or other legal privilege, (y) contravene any Applicable Law
or fiduciary duty, or (z) contravene any obligation of secrecy or confidentiality to any Governmental Entity.

74

(c) Confidentiality.
The information contained in this Agreement or delivered to Purchaser or its representatives pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement
(including pursuant to Section 7.2(a)) shall be deemed for all purposes to be subject to the restrictions contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement until the Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, following the Closing, Purchasers use and disclosure
of Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) of the Acquired Entities shall not be limited by the Confidentiality
Agreement.

Section 7.3 Efforts
and Actions to Cause Closing to Occur.

(a) General.
During the Interim Period, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company and Purchaser shall use reasonable
best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and cooperate with each other in order to do,
all things necessary, proper or advisable (subject to any Applicable Laws) to consummate the Closing as promptly as practicable, including
the preparation and filing of all forms, registrations and notices required to be filed to consummate the Closing, and the seeking of
all approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, Licenses and Permits, qualifications, exemptions or waivers from any Governmental Entity
as may be required in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, including the approval of any Governmental Entity that issued
or granted the Licenses and Permits set forth on Schedule 3.15(b). No Party shall take any action after the date hereof that could
reasonably be expected to materially delay the obtaining of, or result in not obtaining, any permission, approval or consent required
to be obtained prior to the Closing, provided, that such requirement shall not prohibit the Company (either on behalf of themselves
or on behalf of the Company Subsidiaries) or Purchaser (or any of its Affiliates) from taking any action consistent with the ordinary
course of business in their operations. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall require any Party to pay any consideration (except
filing and application fees) to any other Person from whom any such approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses, permits, qualifications,
exemptions or waivers are requested (other than (i) as set forth in, or otherwise expressly contemplated by, any applicable Contract
or (ii) as Purchaser may agree to pay in writing).

(b) Program
Lender Consents; Licenses and Permits Consents. During the Interim Period, the Company and its counsel shall consult in good faith
with Purchaser and its counsel to prepare and file all forms, registrations and notices required to be filed with any Governmental Entity
relating to the Program Lender Consents and Licenses and Permits Consents. The Company shall only file such forms, registrations and
notices upon Purchasers prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Purchaser
shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and its counsel and will furnish the Company and its counsel with any documents, certificates,
opinions, consents and information as the Company and its counsel shall reasonably request to obtain the Program Lender Consents and
the Licenses and Permits Consents.

75

(c) Antitrust
Filings.

(i) Each
of Purchaser and the Company shall use their respective reasonable best efforts to (A) make or cause to be made all filings required
to be made by them or any of their respective Affiliates under Antitrust Laws with respect to the Transactions as soon as reasonably
practicable, (B) comply as soon as reasonably practicable with any request under Antitrust Laws for additional information, documents,
or other materials received by each of them or any of their respective Affiliates from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC),
the Department of Justice or any other Governmental Entity in respect of such filings, and (C) cooperate with each other in connection
with any such filing (including, to the extent appropriate and permitted by Applicable Law, providing copies of all such filings to the
non-filing Parties prior to filing and considering all reasonable additions, deletions or changes suggested in connection therewith)
and in connection with resolving any investigation or other inquiry of any of the FTC, the Department of Justice or other Governmental
Entity under any Antitrust Laws with respect to any such filing. Each Party shall use its reasonable best efforts to furnish to each
other all information required for any application or other filing to be made pursuant to any Antitrust Law in connection with the Transactions.
Neither Purchaser nor the Company shall agree to any extension of a waiting period or comparable period under any Antitrust Laws or enter
into any agreement with any Governmental Entity not to consummate the Transactions, except with the prior written consent of the other
Parties.

(ii) Subject
to Applicable Laws, each of the Company and Purchaser shall promptly inform the other Parties of any substantive oral communication with,
and provide copies of substantive written communications from, any Governmental Entity regarding any filings made pursuant to Section 7.3(c)(i) and
permit outside counsel for the other Party to review in advance any proposed substantive correspondence or communication by such Party
to any such Governmental Entity regarding any filings made pursuant to Section 7.3(c)(i). Neither the Company nor Purchaser
shall independently participate in any substantive meeting, conference call or other substantive communication with any Governmental
Entity in respect of any such filings without giving the other Parties prior notice of the meeting and, to the extent appropriate and
permitted by such Governmental Entity, the opportunity to attend and participate. Subject to Applicable Laws, the Parties will consult
and cooperate with one another in connection with any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions and
proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of any Party relating to Actions regarding antitrust and competition matters. The Company
and Purchaser may, as they deem advisable and necessary, reasonably designate any competitively sensitive or proprietary business material
provided to the other such Parties under this Section 7.3(c) as outside counsel only. Such materials and
the information contained therein shall be given only to the outside legal counsel of the recipient (or, in the event the recipient is
the Company, the outside legal counsel of Existing Equityholders) and will not be disclosed by such outside counsel to employees, officers,
managers, or directors of the recipient, unless express written permission is obtained in advance from the disclosing Party. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3(c), materials provided pursuant to this Section 7.3(c) may
be redacted to remove references concerning the valuation of the Company or as necessary to address reasonable privilege concerns.

76

(iii) Each
of Purchaser and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be asserted by any Governmental
Entity with respect to the Transactions under Antitrust Laws. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser agrees
to use reasonable best efforts to take, and to cause its Affiliates to take, promptly any and all steps reasonably necessary to avoid
or eliminate any impediments under any Antitrust Laws that may be asserted by any federal, state, local and non-United States antitrust
or competition authority, that would materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Transactions, including agreeing to, offering,
negotiating, committing to or effecting, by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise, (A) the sale, divestiture, transfer,
license, disposition, or hold separate (through the establishment of a trust or otherwise), of any or all of the capital stock or other
equity or voting interest, assets (whether tangible or intangible), rights, properties, products or businesses of any of Purchaser or
its Affiliates, or of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) the termination, modification, or assignment of existing relationships,
joint ventures, Contracts, or obligations of Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) the
modification of any course of conduct regarding future operations of any of Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, or of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries; or (D) any other restrictions on the activities of any of Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including the freedom of action of any of Purchaser or its Affiliates or of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries with respect to, or their ability to retain, one or more of their respective operations, divisions, businesses, product
lines, customers, assets or rights or interests, or their freedom of action with respect to the assets, properties, or businesses to
be acquired pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 7.3 shall require
Purchaser or its Affiliates to take any action that (x) would have or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Acquired Entities, taken as a whole, or (y) would materially
impair the benefits that Purchaser would reasonably be expected to receive from the Transactions. Without limiting the immediately preceding
sentence, Purchaser shall oppose any request for, the entry of, and seek to have vacated or terminated, any order, judgment, decree,
injunction or ruling of any Governmental Entity that could restrain, prevent or delay any required consents applicable to the Transactions,
including by defending through litigation any action asserted by any Person in any court or before any Governmental Entity and by exhausting
all avenues of appeal, including appealing properly any adverse decision or order by any Governmental Entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Agreement shall require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to enter into any agreement or consent decree
with the FTC, the Department of Justice or any other Governmental Entity that is not conditioned on the Closing.

(d) Third
Party Consents. During the Interim Period, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to give all notices to, and obtain all
consents required from, parties to Contracts to which an Acquired Entity is a party in connection with the Transactions (such consents,
Third Party Consents); provided, that except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, such efforts shall
not include any requirement of any Existing Equityholder, any Acquired Entity or any of the Existing Equityholder Related Parties to
commence any litigation or arbitration proceeding or offer or grant any accommodation (financial or otherwise) to any such parties or
to pay money to obtain a consent (other than (i) as set forth in, or otherwise expressly contemplated by, any applicable Contract
or (ii) as Purchaser may agree to pay in writing). Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with the Company to obtain all consents
and will furnish the Company with any documents, certificates, opinions, consents and information as the Company shall reasonably request
to obtain any such consents. Purchaser agrees that none of the Acquired Entities nor any Existing Equityholder shall have any liability
to Purchaser (and Purchaser shall not be entitled to assert any claims) arising out of or relating to the failure to obtain any consents
that may have been required in connection with the Transactions or because of the default, acceleration or termination or loss of right
under any such Contract as a result thereof; provided, that the foregoing shall not serve to extinguish any claim of Purchaser
against the Company for breach of any of their covenants or agreements contained in this Section 7.3(d). Purchaser further
agrees that no condition of Purchaser to consummate the Transactions shall be deemed not to be satisfied as a result of the failure to
obtain any such consent (with the exception of the Program Lender Consents, the Licenses and Permits Consents and the Required Warehouse
LOC Consents as expressly set forth in Article VIII hereof).

77

(e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7.3 shall require, or be construed to require, any of the Parties to agree to any
material modification or waiver of any of the terms and or conditions of this Agreement in order to obtain any of the approvals, authorizations,
consents, orders, Program Lender Consents, Licenses and Permits Consents, qualifications, exemptions or waivers from any Governmental
Entity or any other Person contemplated by this Section 7.3.

(f) Broker-Dealer
Registration Withdraw. Prior to Closing, the Company shall cause the Broker-Dealer to (i) prepare and submit to the Municipal
Securities Rulemaking Board an amendment to Form A-12 withdrawing the Broker-Dealer's municipal securities dealer registration and
(ii) prepare and submit to FINRA a Form BDW and all Form U-5s for each of the Broker-Dealers registered representatives
in order to formally withdraw the Broker-Dealers registration with FINRA, terminating its ability to operate as a broker-dealer.

(g) Specified
Client Consents. As soon as practicable following the date hereof, the Company shall, and shall cause each Acquired Entity to, use
their their reasonable best efforts to obtain the approval (whether by affirmative consent or by non-objection) of the Specified Clients
to assign the Specified Advisory Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 205 of the Investment Advisers Act applicable thereto
(such approval, once obtained whether by affirmative consent or by non-objection, the Specified Client Consent),
and Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate in good faith with the Company in the Companys efforts to obtain the Specified Client
Consent.

Section 7.4 Exclusivity.
During the Interim Period, the Company shall not, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries not to, and shall direct that their respective
representatives not, (a) solicit, initiate, encourage, seek, facilitate, entertain, support or induce the making, submission or
announcement of any Competing Transaction or any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or could reasonably be expected
to lead to a Competing Transaction, (b) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding,
or furnish to any Person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, or execute or enter into any Contract
with respect to, or take any other action regarding, any inquiry, expression of interest, proposal or offer that constitutes, or could
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Competing Transaction, (c) agree to, accept, approve, endorse or recommend any Competing
Transaction, (d) enter into any letter of intent or any other contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Competing Transaction
or (e) submit any Competing Transaction to the vote of the Existing Equityholders. Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Company shall, and shall cause all Persons acting on behalf of it to, (i) immediately cease and cause to be terminated any and
all existing discussions or negotiations with any Person (other than Purchaser and its Affiliates) conducted on or before the date hereof
with respect to any Competing Transaction unless and until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 11.1, and (ii) instruct
all Persons to return or destroy all confidential information provided by the Company during any Competing Transaction discussions. The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide prompt notice to Purchaser of (x) the receipt of any bona fide proposal,
communication or inquiry with respect to any Competing Transaction, (y) the material terms and conditions of such Competing Transaction,
and (z) the identity of such Person making any such Competing Transaction.

78

Section 7.5 Warehouse
Lines of Credit; Operating Line of Credit. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall, following consultation in good faith with
Purchaser, use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of the lenders under the Warehouse Lines of Credit to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in seeking such
consent prior to the Closing. Prior to Closing, the Company also shall, following consultation in good faith with Purchaser, use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of the lenders under the Operating Line of Credit to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in seeking such consent prior
to the Closing.

Section 7.6 Publicity.
Neither the Company nor Purchaser shall (and none of them shall permit any of their respective Affiliates or representatives to) issue
or cause the release or publication of any press release or other external announcement with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions
without the prior written approval of the others; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prevent any Party from making
any public announcement (whether in a press release, periodic securities filing or other external announcement) that such Party reasonably
believes to be required by Applicable Law or the requirements of any stock exchange or quotation system.

Section 7.7 Employees;
Employee Benefits.

(a) Comparable
Benefits, Compensation and Positions. Until at least one (1) year from and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, or shall
cause the Acquired Entities to, provide to (i) each employee of the Acquired Entities who continues to be employed by Purchaser
or an Acquired Entity as of the Closing Date (each an Affected Employee) base salary or wage rate, as applicable,
and target cash bonus opportunity that are no less favorable than the base salary or wage rate, as applicable, and target cash bonus
opportunity for each Affected Employee immediately prior to the Closing and (ii) Affected Employees with employee benefits, which
for the avoidance of doubt shall (A) include group medical, dental, pharmaceutical and vision coverage, group term life coverage,
group disability coverage and retirement benefits but (B) exclude equity or equity-based, nonqualified deferred compensation, post-employment
welfare benefits, except as required by Applicable Law, and defined benefit pension benefits, that are substantially comparable, in the
aggregate, to the Affected Employees benefits available under the Benefit Plans immediately prior to the Closing.

(b) Service
Credit. Effective from and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts, or shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Acquired Entities, to give Affected Employees credit for all purposes (other than benefit accrual under
equity or equity-based plans, defined benefit pension plans, if any, or for any purposes under any subsidized retiree medical plans,
if any) under the employee benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements (including plans, programs, policies and arrangements providing
vacation, sick time and/or paid time off) maintained from time to time by any Acquired Entity (collectively, together with the Benefit
Plans, the Acquired Entity Benefit Plans) for such Affected Employees service with any Acquired Entity, including
any prior service credited under a Benefit Plan, to the same extent and for the same purposes that such service was taken into account
under a corresponding Benefit Plan or program as of the Closing Date; provided, however, that no such service shall be
credited to the extent that it would result in a duplication of benefits.

79

(c) Participation
in Acquired Entities Welfare Benefit Plans. (i) Effectively immediately following Closing, Purchaser shall use commercially
reasonable efforts, or shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Acquired Entities to, provide each Affected Employee with
immediate eligibility to participate in Acquired Entity Benefit Plans without regard to any waiting period or initial eligibility period;
(ii) for purposes of each plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical, vision, life or disability benefits to any Affected Employee,
Purchaser shall, or shall cause the Acquired Entities to, use commercially reasonable efforts to waive all limitations as to pre-existing
conditions, actively at work requirements, evidence of insurability, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation
and coverage requirements to the extent such limitations were or would have been waived under the Benefit Plans in which the Affected
Employee participated immediately prior to the Closing Date; and (iii) Purchaser shall, or shall cause the Acquired Entities to,
use commercially reasonable efforts to provide each Affected Employee with credit for co-payments, deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses
paid under a Benefit Plan prior to the Closing Date for purposes of satisfying any applicable co-payment, deductible and out-of-pocket
expense requirements under any welfare plan of Purchaser or its Affiliates.

(d) WARN
Act Compliance. Following the Closing, Purchaser shall be solely responsible for any notices required to be given under, and otherwise
comply with, the WARN Act or similar Applicable Laws or regulations of any jurisdiction relating to any plant closing or mass layoff
(or similar triggering event) resulting from any Acquired Entitys actions with respect to the Affected Employees after the Effective
Time, and Purchaser shall indemnify and hold the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons harmless from and against any Losses incurred as
a result of Purchasers failure to comply with the provisions of the WARN Act or similar Applicable Laws after the Closing Date
or failure to comply with the provisions of this Section 7.7(d).

(e) No
Third Party Beneficiaries. All provisions contained in this Section 7.7 are included for the sole benefit of the Parties
and shall not create any right in any other Person, including any employee or former employee of any Acquired Entity or any participant
or beneficiary in any Benefit Plan. This Agreement is not intended by the Parties to, and nothing in this Section 7.7 or
otherwise, whether express or implied, shall (i) constitute an amendment to any Benefit Plan or (ii) confer on any Affected
Employee or any other Person (other than the Parties) any rights or remedies (including any right to employment or other service relationship
or any third-party beneficiary rights).

(f) Severance.
With respect to any Affected Employee whose employment is terminated by Purchaser, its Affiliates or an Acquired Entity during the one
(1) year period from and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, or shall cause the respective employer to, provide severance benefits
to such Affected Employee that are at least as favorable as those set forth on Schedule 7.7.

80

Section 7.8 Directors
and Officers Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
of Certain Persons. From and after the Closing, Purchaser shall cause each Acquired Entity to comply with its obligations to indemnify,
exculpate and hold harmless (including by the advancement of funds for expenses), to the fullest extent required by the applicable Organizational
Documents, Operating Documents and indemnity agreements in effect as of the date hereof, each current (as of immediately prior to the
Closing) and former director, manager, member, equityholder (including any Existing Equityholder), managing member and officer of any
Acquired Entity and current (as of immediately prior to the Closing) and former employee of any Acquired Entity acting as a fiduciary
under any Benefit Plan (together with each such Persons respective heirs, executors, successors and administrators, collectively,
the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons) against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees,
expenses and disbursements), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, inquiries, penalties, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement
incurred in connection with any actions or omissions by such Acquired Entity Indemnified Person existing or occurring at or before the
Closing, and such obligations shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of the Organizational
Documents, Operating Documents and any applicable indemnity agreements of the Acquired Entities in effect as of the date hereof for a
period of six (6) years following the Closing; provided, however, that in the event any claim or claims are asserted
or made within such six (6) year period, such obligations shall continue in respect of such claim or claims until the final disposition
thereof. For a period of six (6) years following the Closing, Purchaser shall cause each Acquired Entity to maintain in effect the
indemnification, exculpation and advancement of expenses provisions of the Organizational Documents, Operating Documents and indemnity
agreements of the Acquired Entities in respect of the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons (in each case as in effect as of the date hereof)
and to not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such provisions in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any
Acquired Entity Indemnified Person.

(b) D&O
Tail Policy. At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall obtain, and for a period of not less than six (6) years after the
Closing Date, shall maintain (or shall obtain a six (6)-year tail policy providing for) liability insurance (such insurance
policy, a D&O Policy) covering the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons with respect to matters occurring prior
to the Closing Date, with such D&O Policy providing aggregate annual coverage and containing terms and conditions that are, in the
aggregate, not less advantageous to the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons than the Companys current directors and officers
liability insurance policies covering the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons. If such D&O Policy has been obtained by the Company
prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall cause the Company to maintain such D&O Policy in full force and effect, for its full term,
and cause all obligations thereunder to be honored by the Company, and no other party shall have any further obligation to purchase or
pay for such D&O Policy hereunder.

(c) Non-Exclusive
Indemnification; Attorneys Fees. This Section 7.8 is intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each of the Acquired Entity Indemnified Persons and their respective heirs, executors, administrators and successors, each of whom
is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 7.8. The indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which any Acquired Entity Indemnified Person is entitled, whether pursuant to Applicable Law, Contract or otherwise.
Purchaser shall cause the Acquired Entities to pay all expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be incurred by
any Acquired Entity Indemnified Person that is the prevailing party in any Action to enforce its rights under this Section 7.8.

81

(d) Successors
and Assigns. In the event that following the Closing, Purchaser, any Acquired Entity or any of their respective successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and will not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then,
and in each such case, to the extent necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Section 7.8, Purchaser shall, and shall
cause the Acquired Entities to, make proper provision so that the successors and assigns of Purchaser or the Acquired Entity, as the
case may be, shall succeed to, and expressly assume, the obligations set forth in this Section 7.8.

Section 7.9 No
Other Representations. The representations and warranties of the Company in Article III (as qualified by the Schedules),
of the Existing Equityholders in Article IV and in the bringdown certificates delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) (as
qualified by the Schedules) and Section 2.6(a) constitute the sole and exclusive representations and warranties made
to Purchaser in connection with the Transactions. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has conducted to its satisfaction an independent
investigation and verification of the financial condition, results of operations, assets, liabilities, properties and projected operations
of the Acquired Entities and their business, and, in making its determination to proceed with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
Purchaser and the Purchaser Related Parties have relied solely on the results of such independent investigation and verification and
on the representations and warranties of the Company expressly and specifically set forth in Article III (as qualified by
the Schedules), of the Existing Equityholders expressly and specifically set forth in Article IV and in the bringdown certificates
delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) (as qualified by the Schedules) and Section 2.6(a). Without limiting
the generality of this Section 7.9, none of the Company or the Existing Equityholders is making, and has not authorized any
Person to make, any representation or warranty, and disclaims all liability and any responsibility for any such representation or warranty,
with respect to (a) any Projections, (b) any confidential information memorandum or any similar document and any management
presentation provided to Purchaser or any Purchaser Related Party in connection with the sale process for the Acquired Entities, (c) any
information delivered or made available pursuant to Section 7.2(a), or (d) any other information or documents made available
to Purchaser or any Purchaser Related Party with respect to the Acquired Entities in any online data room established for the sale of
the Acquired Entities (including in the Data Room), in each case except for the representations and warranties in Article III
(as qualified by the Schedules) and Article IV and in the Bringdown Certificates delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) (as
qualified by the Schedules) and Section 2.6(a),. Except for the representations and warranties in Article III
(as qualified by the Schedules) and Article IV and in the bringdown certificates delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) (as
qualified by the Schedules) and Section 2.6(a), Purchaser, for and on behalf of itself and each Purchaser Related Party,
specifically disclaims that it and the Purchaser Related Parties are relying upon or have relied upon any such other representations
or warranties that may have been made by any Person, and acknowledges and agrees the Company and the Existing Equityholder Related Parties
have specifically disclaimed and do hereby specifically disclaim any such other representation or warranty made by any Person. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7.9 shall be effective in the case of Fraud.

82

Section 7.10 R&W
Policy. The R&W Policy, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit F is being conditionally bound as of the
date hereof. The Company will reasonably cooperate with Purchasers efforts to obtain and bind the R&W Policy. Purchaser will
not amend, waive or otherwise modify any waiver of subrogation provisions of the R&W Policy in any manner that would be materially
adverse to the Company, any Existing Equityholder or any Affiliate thereof, including any such amendment, waiver or modification that
would allow the insurer thereunder or any other Person to subrogate or otherwise make or bring any action or proceedings against any
of the foregoing, other than with respect to Fraud.

Section 7.11 Further
Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from time to time, as and when requested by any Party and
at such Partys sole cost and expense, the other Party or Parties shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered,
all such documents and instruments and shall take, or cause to be taken, all such further or other actions as may be reasonably necessary
or desirable to evidence and effectuate the Transactions. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Purchaser shall transfer
the portion of the Purchased Interests contributed by the Existing Equityholders to Purchaser OP in exchange for the Equity Consideration
to a Subsidiary of Purchaser that is treated as a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Section 856(a) of
the Code or a taxable REIT subsidiary within the meaning of Section 856(l) of the Code in a tax-deferred transaction
governed by Section 351(a) of the Code.

Section 7.12 Notification
of Certain Matters. Subject to Applicable Law and without limiting any other provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Purchaser
shall give prompt notice to each other of any Actions commenced or, to such partys knowledge, threatened against, relating to
or involving or otherwise affecting any Acquired Entity or Purchaser which relate to this Agreement or the Transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section 7.13 Audited
and Unaudited Financial Statements of the Company; Financial Statements Cooperation.

(a) In
the event that Purchaser determines that the Audited Financial Statements or the Interim Management Financial Statements set forth on
Schedule 3.6(a) have not been prepared in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K
under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, at Purchasers expense (provided that
it is understood and agreed that Purchaser shall not be responsible for the costs that would otherwise have been incurred by Company
in preparing financial statements (other than in accordance with the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K under the Exchange
Act) in the ordinary course of business), as promptly as practicable following the date hereof, deliver to Purchaser: audited consolidated
balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2024, and the audited consolidated statements of income, changes
in members equity and cash flows for the Company and its Subsidiaries for the twelve-month periods then ended, and all associated
footnotes and schedules thereto, prepared in accordance with GAAP and the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K under the
Exchange Act, together with an audit report containing an unqualified opinion on such financial statements from the independent auditors
for the Company (the Audited S-X Financial Statements). For the avoidance of doubt, delivery of the Audited S-X
Financial Statements prior to the Closing shall not be a condition to the Closing.

83

(b) The
Company shall, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, at Purchasers expense (provided that it is understood and agreed
that Purchaser shall not be responsible for the costs that would otherwise have been incurred by Company in preparing financial statements
(other than in accordance with the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K under the Exchange Act) in the ordinary course
of business), use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to Purchaser no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of any
fiscal quarter beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2025 (other than any fourth fiscal quarter), a copy of the unaudited
consolidated statements of income, balance sheets, changes in members equity and cash flows and associated footnotes (to the extent
required) of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of and for such quarterly period (the Subsequent Unaudited Financial Statements)
prepared in accordance with GAAP and in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K under the Exchange
Act, together with comparable financial statements for the corresponding quarterly period of the prior fiscal year, which, such
Subsequent Unaudited Financial Statements shall have been reviewed by the independent auditor for the Company, as provided in Statement
on Auditing Standards No. 100, as promulgated by the Auditing Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
as may be amended.

(c) Prior
to the Closing, if requested by Purchaser, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, at Purchasers expense,
(i) provide information reasonably requested by Purchaser that is in the Companys or Representatives, as the case
may be, possession or is prepared by the Company or the Representatives, as the case may be, in the ordinary course of business (or,
at Purchasers sole expense, reasonably capable of being prepared without imposing an unreasonable burden on the Company) and (ii) provide
and make reasonably available upon reasonable notice and during regular business hours the appropriate senior management employees of
the Company or the Representatives, as the case may be, to discuss the materials prepared and delivered pursuant to this Section 7.13.

Section 7.14 Securities
Laws and Listing Covenants. Purchaser and FBRT shall make all necessary filings and applications under Applicable Laws (including
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws) required to be made on the part of Purchaser and FBRT in connection with the
issuance of the Equity Consideration and shall take all reasonable action necessary to be in compliance in all material respects with
such Applicable Laws, including making all such filings as are necessary to ensure that the Equity Consideration may be issued to the
Existing Equityholders in accordance with such Applicable Laws. FBRT shall take all action necessary to cause the shares of FBRT Common
Stock to be issued in exchange for the Equity Consideration upon redemption in accordance with the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating
Agreement (if such exchange is so elected by FBRT to satisfy such redemption) to be approved for listing on the NYSE, prior to the Closing.

Section 7.15 Mutual
Release.

(a) Effective
as of the Closing, the Representatives do hereby, for themselves, each Existing Equityholder and each of their respective Affiliates
(except the Acquired Entities) (each, an Existing Equityholder Releasing Party), release and absolutely forever
discharge the Acquired Entities (each, an Existing Equityholder Released Party) from and against all Existing Equityholder
Released Matters. Existing Equityholder Released Matters means any and all claims, demands, proceedings, damages,
debts, liabilities, obligations, costs, expenses (including attorneys and accountants fees and expenses), actions and causes
of action of any nature whatsoever, whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, primary or secondary, direct or indirect,
absolute or contingent, that any Existing Equityholder Releasing Party now has, or at any time previously had, or shall or may have in
the future, against any Acquired Entity and/or any of their respective successors or assigns, including as an owner of the Acquired Entities,
or as a counterparty to any Contract with any of the Acquired Entities, in each case arising with respect to any matter occurring at
or prior to the Closing; provided that Existing Equityholder Released Matters shall not include (i) this Agreement, any Transaction
Document or any other agreement entered into as part of the Transactions, (ii) any right of any Existing Equityholder Releasing
Party to be indemnified by any Acquired Entity pursuant to the organizational or governance documents of such Acquired Entity or pursuant
to any directors and officers insurance policy, and (iii) ordinary course compensation, commissions and the like owed to an Existing
Equityholders Affiliate who is an employee of an Acquired Entity.

84

(b) Effective
as of the Closing, Purchaser does hereby, for itself and each of its Affiliates, including the Acquired Entities (each, a Purchaser
Releasing Party), release and absolutely forever discharge each Existing Equityholder and each of their respective Affiliates
(except the Acquired Entities) and each director, officer and employee thereof who served in any capacity at, by or on behalf of any
of the Acquired Entities (each, a Purchaser Released Party) from and against all Purchaser Released Matters. Purchaser
Released Matters means any and all claims, demands, proceedings, damages, debts, liabilities, obligations, costs, expenses
(including attorneys and accountants fees and expenses), actions and causes of action of any nature whatsoever, whether
now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, primary or secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, that any Purchaser
Releasing Party now has, or at any time previously had, or shall or may have in the future, as an Affiliate, Subsidiary or employer of
any Purchaser Released Party, or as an owner of any of the Acquired Entities, or as a counterparty to any Contract with any Purchaser
Released Party, or as Person managed or otherwise directed by any Purchaser Released Party, in each case arising with respect to any
matter occurring at or prior to the Closing; provided that Purchaser Released Matters shall not include (i) this Agreement,
any Transaction Document or any other agreement entered into as part of the Transactions or (ii) Fraud.

Article VIII

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

Section 8.1 Conditions
to Purchasers Obligations. The obligations of Purchaser to consummate the Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction
on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, if legally permissible, by Purchaser:

(a) Statutes;
Court Orders. No Applicable Law shall have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Entity that prohibits the consummation
of the Closing, nor shall there be any Governmental Order in effect prohibiting the consummation of the Closing.

(b) Antitrust
Approval. All approvals of, filings or registrations with, and the expiration of all waiting periods imposed by, any Governmental
Entity which are required pursuant to Antitrust Laws set forth on Schedule 8.1(b) for or in connection with the Transactions
shall have been obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect.

85

(c) Program
Lender Consents; Licenses and Permits Consents. All consents and/or approvals from the Program Lenders set forth on Schedule 3.4(a) or
Schedule 3.4(b) for or in connection with the execution and delivery by the Parties and the parties to the other Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the Transactions (the Program Lender Consents) shall have been obtained and shall
be in full force and effect. All consents and/or approvals from the Governmental Entities that issued or granted the Licenses and Permits
set forth on Schedule 8.1(c) (the Licenses and Permits Consents) shall have been obtained
and shall be in full force and effect.

(d) Warehouse
Lines of Credit and Operating Line of Credit. All consents, approvals and waivers of and notices and registrations to the lenders
under the Warehouse Lines of Credit (the Required Warehouse LOC Consents) and the lender under the Operating Line
of Credit shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

(e) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in Article III (as qualified by the Schedules) and Article IVshall
be true and correct in all respects (without giving regard to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifiers therein) as of the
Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations or warranties relate to another date, in which
case as of such other date as if made on such other date), unless the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that (i) the
representation and warranty set forth in Section 3.8(b)(i) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date
hereof, (ii) the Fundamental Representation set forth in Section 3.5(a) shall be true and correct in all respects
(except for de minimis inaccuracies) as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations
or warranties relate to another date, in which case as of such other date), and (iii) the other Fundamental Representations shall
be true and correct in all material respects (without giving regard to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifiers therein)
as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations or warranties relate to another date, in which case as of such other
date).

(f) Covenants
and Obligations. The Company shall have performed and complied in all material respects with each of the covenants and obligations
under this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by the Company at or before the Closing.

(g) No
Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement.

(h) Specified
Client Consent. Either (i) the Specified Client Consent shall have been obtained or (ii) the Reorganization shall have
been completed.

(i) Deliveries
by the Company and Existing Equityholders. The Company and each Existing Equityholder shall have delivered or caused to be delivered
to Purchaser those items required to be delivered by such Person pursuant to Section 2.5 and Section 2.6.

86

Section 8.2 Conditions
to Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction
on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, if legally permissible, by the Company:

(a) Statutes;
Court Orders. No Applicable Law shall have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Entity that prohibits the consummation
of the Closing, nor shall there be any Governmental Order in effect prohibiting the consummation of the Closing.

(b) Antitrust
Approval. All approvals of, filings or registrations with, and the expiration of all waiting periods imposed by, any Governmental
Entity which are required pursuant to Antitrust Laws set forth on Schedule 8.2b) for or in connection with the Transactions shall
have been obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect.

(c) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Article V and FBRT set forth in Article VI
shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date (or in the case of representations and warranties that are made
as of a specified date, shall be true and correct as of such specified date), unless the failure of such representations and warranties
to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a FBRT Material Adverse Effect; provided, however,
that (i) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.9 (Absence of Changes) shall be true and correct
in all respects as of the date hereof, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence Section 6.6(e) shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date and (iii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.1
(Organization), Section 5.2 (Authorization), Section 5.3 (Execution; Validity of the Agreement); Section 5.5
(Capitalization); Section 5.6 (Equity Consideration), 6.1 (Organization), 6.2 (Authorization), Section 6.3 (Execution;
Validity of Agreement), Section 6.5 (Capitalization) and Section 6.6 (other than 6.6(e)) shall be true and correct in all material
respects (without giving regard to any materiality or FBRT Material Adverse Effect qualifiers therein) as of the Closing Date (except
to the extent such representations or warranties relate to another date, in which case as of such other date).

(d) Covenants
and Obligations. Purchaser and FBRT shall have performed and complied in all material respects with each of the covenants and obligations
under this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by Purchaser at or before the Closing.

(e) No
Material Adverse Effect. No FBRT Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement.

(f) NYSE
Listing. The shares of FBRT Common Stock to be issued in exchange for the Equity Consideration upon redemption in accordance with
the terms of the Purchaser OP Operating Agreement (if such exchange is so elected by FBRT to satisfy such redemption) shall have been
approved for listing on the NYSE, subject only to customary listing conditions.

(g) Deliveries
by Purchaser and FBRT. Purchaser and FBRT shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Company or the other applicable Persons
those items required to be delivered by such Person pursuant to Section 2.7 and Section 2.8.

87

Article IX

TAX MATTERS

Section 9.1 Transfer
Taxes. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added
and other such Taxes incurred in connection with the consummation of the Transactions (Transfer Taxes) shall be
shared equally by the Existing Equityholders, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, and the Company, at its expense, will
file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation required with respect to all such Transfer Taxes, and Purchaser and the Representatives
shall duly execute and acknowledge the same, if and as necessary.

Section 9.2 Tax
Returns. The Company shall, at its expense, prepare or cause to be prepared, and timely file, or cause to be timely filed, all
Tax Returns for any Acquired Entity required to be filed after the Closing Date with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period or Straddle
Period (Pre-Closing Tax Returns). Except as otherwise required by the terms of this Agreement or Applicable Law,
any such Pre-Closing Tax Return shall be prepared in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Acquired Entities and, to the
extent relevant, based on an interim closing of the books of the Acquired Entities as of the Closing Date and, to the extent permitted
by law at a more likely than not or a higher level of confidence, any deductions attributable to any of the Company Transaction
Expenses, any employee bonuses, severance payments, debt prepayment fees, capitalized debt costs, or any other liabilities paid or accrued
on or before the Closing Date shall be allocated to the Tax period or portion thereof ending on the Closing Date (and in connection therewith
the parties agree that the election provided for in Revenue Procedure 2011-29 shall be made with respect to any success-based fees incurred
in connection with the Transactions, if any, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law). The Company shall, at its expense, prepare or
cause to be prepared, and timely file, or cause to be timely filed, all other Tax Returns of the Acquired Entities pursuant to the terms
of the Operating Document of the Company.

Section 9.3 Straddle
Periods. For purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any Taxes of the Acquired Entities that are payable with respect to any
Straddle Period, the portion of any such Taxes that constitute Taxes that are attributable to a Pre-Closing Tax Period shall: (i) in
the case of Taxes that are either (x) based upon or related to income, payroll, or receipts, or (y) imposed in connection with
any sale, transfer or assignment or any deemed sale, transfer or assignment of property (real or personal, tangible or intangible) other
than Transfer Taxes which shall be governed by Section 9.1, be deemed equal to the amount that would be payable if the Tax
year or period ended on the Closing Date; and (ii) in the case of Taxes (other than those described in clause (i) above) that
are imposed on a periodic basis with respect to the business or assets of the Acquired Entities or otherwise measured by the level of
any item, be deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire Straddle Period (or, in the case of such Taxes determined on an arrears
basis, the amount of such Taxes for the immediately preceding Tax period) multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number
of calendar days in the portion of the Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar
days in the entire Straddle Period. For purposes of clause (i) of the preceding sentence, (A) any exemption, deduction, credit
or other item (including the effect of any graduated rates of Tax) that is calculated on an annual basis shall be allocated to the portion
of the Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date on a pro rata basis determined by multiplying the total amount of such item allocated
to the Straddle Period times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days in the portion of the Straddle Period
ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar days in the entire Straddle Period and (B) any
tax items attributable to transactions outside the ordinary course of business following the Closing on the Closing Date shall be allocated
to the portion of the Straddle Period commencing after the Closing Date. All determinations necessary to give effect to the foregoing
allocations shall be made in a manner consistent with past practice of the Company. The Parties will, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law, elect with the relevant Governmental Entity to treat a portion of any Straddle Period as a short taxable period ending as of the
close of business on the Closing Date.

88

Section 9.4 Cooperation
on Tax Matters. After the Closing, upon reasonable written notice, Purchaser and the Representatives shall furnish or cause to
be furnished to each other, as promptly as practicable, such information and assistance (to the extent within the control of such Party)
relating to the Acquired Entities (including access to books, records and personnel) as is reasonably requested for the filing of all
Tax Returns (including any extensions thereof and including Taxes described in Section 9.1), the making of any election related
to Taxes, the preparation for any Tax Contest, and the prosecution or defense of any action related to any Tax Return. Purchaser and
the Representatives agree to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters and pertinent to the Acquired Entities relating
to any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to the extent notified
by Purchaser, the Acquired Entities or the Representatives, any extensions thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and to abide by
all record retention agreements entered into with any Governmental Entity.

Section 9.5 Tax
Contests. In the event of any Tax Contest relating to (i) any Pass-Through Tax Return or (ii) any other Tax Return
with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period if the Final Base Purchase Price has not been finalized, and, solely with respect to clause
(i), such Acquired Entity has a Section 6226 election in effect (or deemed to be in effect), the Company shall provide written notice
of such Tax Contest to the Representatives as soon as reasonably practicable. The Representatives shall have the right to control, at
the expense of the Existing Equityholders, any such Tax Contest; provided, that (A) the Representatives will provide the
Company with written notice of its election to control such Tax Contest no later than fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice
of such Tax Contest from the Company pursuant to the preceding sentence, (B) the Representatives will control such Tax Contest diligently
and in good faith and permit the Company to reasonably participate, at its own cost and expense, in such Tax Contest, (C) with respect
to any such Tax Contest relating to clause (ii) above, the Representatives will not settle, compromise or abandon such Tax Contest
without the prior written consent of Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and (D) with
respect to any such Tax Contest relating to clause (i) above, the Representatives will not settle, compromise or abandon such Tax
Contest without (x) providing prior written notice to Purchaser and (y) solely if such settlement would reasonably be expected
to adversely impact Purchaser or its Affiliates, the consent of Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed
or conditioned).

Section 9.6 Post-Closing
Tax Actions. Except as otherwise required by the terms of this Agreement or Applicable Law, Purchaser shall not (i) amend
any (x) Pass-Through Tax Returns or (y) any other Tax Return with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period if the Final Base Purchase
Price has not been finalized, (ii) make, change or revoke any Tax election or accounting method or practice with respect to, or
that has retroactive effect to, (x) Pass-Through Tax Returns or (y) any other Tax Return with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax
Period if the Final Base Purchase Price has not been finalized, (iii) affirmatively extend the applicable statute of limitations
with respect to (x) any Pass-Through Tax Return or (y) any other Tax Return with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period if the
Final Base Purchase Price has not been finalized or (iv) make a voluntary disclosure to a Governmental Entity with respect to (x) any
Pass-Through Tax Return or (y) any other Tax Return with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period if the Final Base Purchase Price
has not been finalized, in each case, without the written consent of the Representatives (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned,
withheld or delayed).

89

Section 9.7 Intended
Tax Treatment; Allocation of Purchase Price. The Parties agree that for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income
tax purposes, the purchase of the Purchased Interests pursuant to Section 2.1 is intended to be treated (1) with respect
to the portion of the Final Base Purchase Price that is paid in Equity Consideration, as a tax-deferred transaction governed by Section 721(a) of
the Code; and (2) with respect to the portion of the Final Base Purchase Price that is paid in cash, as either (i) a disguised
sale under Section 707(a)(2)(B) of the Code of the portion of the Equity Interests in the Company deemed sold for cash
by the applicable Existing Equityholders to Purchaser OP or (ii) a taxable sale for cash to Purchaser TRS of the portion of the
Equity Interests in the Company deemed sold for cash by the applicable Existing Equityholders to Purchaser TRS. The Parties shall file
their respective tax returns in a manner consistent with the foregoing, unless otherwise required by a final determination within the
meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of state or local Applicable Laws).

Section 9.8 Purchase
Price Allocation. Purchaser shall prepare an allocation of the purchase price for the portion of the Equity Interests in the
Company deemed sold for cash (as finally determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and any assumed Liabilities and other items
included in consideration for U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax purposes, which shall be allocated among the portion
of the assets of the Company deemed acquired in a taxable transaction as described in Section 9.7 in accordance with Sections
743, 751, 754, 755 and 1060 of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and the methodology set forth
on Schedule 9.8. Purchaser shall deliver such allocation to the Representatives within fifteen (15) days after the time that the
Final Base Purchase Price is determined in accordance with Section 2.4. The Representatives shall have forty-five (45) days
to review and approve the allocation, which approval shall not be unreasonably conditioned, delayed or withheld. If the Representatives
do not object by written response to Purchaser within such forty-five (45) day review period, the allocation shall be final. If the Representatives
shall timely raise any objection to the allocation, Purchaser and the Representatives shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute.
If Purchaser and the Representatives cannot resolve such dispute within fifteen (15) days after delivery of the written objection by
the Representatives, then, such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 2.4(c), and the Neutral Accountant shall
be required to follow the methodology specified on Schedule 9.8 in resolving any dispute with respect to such allocation. Purchaser
and their Affiliates and the Representatives shall prepare and file Tax Returns in all respects and for all purposes consistent with
the allocation as finally determined pursuant to this Section 9.8 and shall not take any position (whether in audits, Tax
Returns, or otherwise) that is inconsistent with the allocation as finally determined pursuant to this Section 9.8 unless
otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of
state or local Applicable Laws).

90

Section 9.9 754
Election. The Parties (i) acknowledge and agree that the Company (and any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly
invests which is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) shall have in effect a valid election under Section 754
of the Code (and any equivalent state and local elections) for the Tax year of the Company (or such subsidiary entity, as applicable)
that includes the Closing Date, (ii) consent to such election and (iii) shall take all steps available to each such Party to
cause a valid election under Section 754 of the Code (and any equivalent state and local elections) to be in effect in the Tax year
of the Company that includes the Closing Date.

Section 9.10 Push-Out
Election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent permitted under Applicable
Laws, (i) the Representatives shall cause the partnership representative (within the meaning of Section 6223 of the Code) or
designated individual (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations section 301.6223-1) of the Company (or any entity in which the Company
directly or indirectly invests which are classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to make any election pursuant
to Section 6226 of the Code (or any similar provision of state or local Law) and/or send a tiered-partner statement within the meaning
of Treasury Regulations section 301.6226-3(e)(3)(i) to each member of the Company, as applicable, with respect to any Pre-Closing
Tax Period, (ii) the Representatives shall not appoint any partnership representative or designated individual whom it cannot cause
to make such election (and if a partnership representative or designated individual not subject to the control of the Existing Equityholders
has already been appointed, the Representatives shall revoke such appointment), and (iii) if the partnership representative or designated
individual of the Company (or any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly invests which are classified as partnerships for
U.S. federal income tax purposes) does not make an election pursuant to Section 6226 of the Code (or any similar provision of state
or local Law) with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period, (A) the Representatives shall cause the applicable partnership representative
and/or designated individual to resign from such position, (B) the Representatives shall cooperate with Purchaser to replace such
partnership representative and/or designated individual with a person designated by Purchaser and (C) Purchaser shall be entitled
(and shall be entitled to cause any entity in which the Company directly or indirectly invests which are classified as partnerships for
U.S. federal income tax purposes), among other things, to make (or cause the Existing Equityholders to cause such entities to make) an
election under Section 6226 of the Code and/or send a tiered-partner statement within the meaning of Treasury Regulations section
301.6226-3(e)(3)(i) to each member of the Company, as applicable, with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period. The Representatives
represent that they have the authority to make (or cause to be made) the elections set forth in the proceeding sentence.

91

Article X

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 10.1 Survival
of Representations, Warranties and Covenants.

(a) The
Parties, intending to modify any applicable statute of limitations, agree that, as among themselves: (i) their respective representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement and in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto and (ii) all covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement which by their terms are to be fully performed at or prior to the Closing shall terminate as of the Closing,
shall not survive the Closing for any purpose, and after the Closing shall be of no further force or effect; provided, that (i) the
representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Section 5.6 and FBRT set forth in Section 6.6 shall
survive the Closing until the second anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii) those covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement
that by their terms contemplate performance in whole or in part after the Closing (including, without limitation, Section 9.10) shall
survive the Closing in accordance with their respective terms. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the foregoing, the survival
periods set forth in this Section 10.1 shall not control with respect to the R&W Policy, which shall contain survival
periods that shall control for purposes thereunder.

(b) After
the Closing there shall be no liability on the part of, nor shall any claim be made or Action be brought by, any Party or any of their
respective Affiliates in respect of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered pursuant
hereto, including with respect to any breach thereof, other than with respect to Fraud.

Article XI

TERMINATION

Section 11.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a) By
mutual written consent executed and delivered by Purchaser and the Company;

(b) By
Purchaser, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to December 9, 2025 (as
may be extended from time to time pursuant to this Agreement, the Outside Date); provided, however,
that no Party may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (b) if such Partys failure to fulfill any of its
obligations hereunder has contributed in any material manner to the Closing having not occurred on or before such date;

(c) By
Purchaser, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, if any court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental Entity shall have
issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Transactions, and such order, decree,
ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

(d) By
the Company, if Purchaser breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement
that would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 8.2(c), Section 8.2(d) or Section 8.2(e),
which breach has not been waived by the Company and cannot be or has not been cured by the earlier of the Outside Date and twenty (20)
days after the giving of written notice by the Company to Purchaser specifying such breach; provided, however, that the
Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.1(d) at any time when the Company is in material
breach of this Agreement; or

92

(e) By
Purchaser, if the Company breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement
that would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 8.1(f), Section 8.1(g) or Section 8.1(h),
which breach has not been waived by Purchaser and cannot be or has not been cured by the earlier of the Outside Date and twenty (20)
days after the giving of written notice by Purchaser to the Company specifying such breach; provided, however, that Purchaser
may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.1(e) at any time when Purchaser is in material breach of
this Agreement.

Section 11.2 Effect
of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement by any Party hereto pursuant to this Article XI,
the Party seeking termination shall deliver written notice to the other Parties in accordance with Section 12.3 specifying
the provision hereof pursuant to which this Agreement is being terminated, and this Agreement shall become null and void and shall be
deemed to have terminated without liability or obligation thereafter on the part of any Party hereto except (a) in respect of such
Partys Fraud or Willful and Material Breach and (b) the following provisions shall remain in full force and effect: Section 7.2(c),
Section 7.6, this Section 11.2 and Article XII (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any claim,
demand or Action pursuant to Section 12.10 in respect of any breach of any provision of this Agreement prior to such termination),
each of which shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Article XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.1 Fees
and Expenses. Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
consummation of the Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses whether or not the Transactions are consummated,
except as specifically provided to the contrary in this Agreement. Purchaser shall be solely responsible for (a) all filing fees
incurred in connection with filings required to be made by the Parties under Antitrust Laws (whether incurred before or after the date
hereof), (b) all costs incurred in connection with Third Party Consents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Program Lender
Consents and the Warehouse Lines of Credit), (c) the cost of obtaining the R&W Policy and (d) all costs incurred by the
Company in complying with the covenants set forth in Section 7.13 (provided that it is understood and agreed that
Purchaser shall not be responsible for the costs that would otherwise have been incurred by Company in preparing financial statements
(other than in accordance with the requirements of Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K under the Exchange Act) in the ordinary course
of business).

Section 12.2 Amendment
and Modification. This Agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented in any and all respects, but only by a written instrument
signed by all of the Parties expressly stating such instrument is intended to amend, modify or supplement this Agreement.

93

Section 12.3 Notices.
All notices, requests, instructions, demands, documents and other communications to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be delivered personally, sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or electronic mail to a Party at the addresses set
forth below for such Party or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other Parties
in writing in accordance herewith. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered and received (a) in the
case of personal delivery, on the date of such delivery, (b) in the case of a nationally-recognized courier service that guarantees
overnight delivery, on the Business Day after the date when sent for overnight delivery, and (c) in the case of electronic mail,
on the date sent (or on the first Business Day following the date sent if the date sent is not a Business Day), and only if followed
by delivery of an original via a nationally-recognized overnight courier service that guarantees overnight delivery:

IF TO PURCHASER OR FBRT,
TO:

Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc.

c/o Benefit Street Partners LLC

1 Madison Avenue, Suite 1600

New York, NY 10010

Attention: Micah Goodman

Jerome Baglien

Email: m.goodman@benefitstreetpartners.com

j.baglien@benefitstreetpartners.com

and a copy (which will not
constitute notice) to:

Hogan Lovells US LLP

555
Thirteenth Street, NW

Washington, D.C. 20004

Attention: Michael McTiernan

Stacey McEvoy

Email: michael.mctiernan@hoganlovells.com

stacey.mcevoy@hoganlovells.com

IF TO THE COMPANY (PRIOR
TO CLOSING), TO:

New Point Holdings JV LLC

c/o NewPoint Real Estate Capital LLC

5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 2000

Plano, TX 75024

Attention: Nick Gesue

Kara Tappan

Email: [******]

[******]

and copies to the Representatives
to:

Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC

c/o Meridian Capital Group, LLC

1 Battery Park Plaza, 26th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Moshe Mandel

Email: [******]

94

and

BMC Holdings DE LLC

c/o Barings LLC

300 S. Tryon Street, Floor 23

Charlotte, NC 28208

Attention: Nasir Alamgir

Matthew Leonard

Rob Crawford

Email: [******]

[******]

[******]

and a copy (which will not
constitute notice) to:

Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Adam Givertz

Lukas Richards

E-mail: agivertz@paulweiss.com

lrichards@paulweiss.com

IF TO THE REPRESENTATIVES (FOLLOWING
THE CLOSING), TO:

Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC

c/o Meridian Capital Group, LLC

1 Battery Park Plaza, 26th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Moshe Mandel

Email: [******]

and

BMC Holdings DE LLC

c/o Barings LLC

300 S. Tryon Street, Floor 23

Charlotte, NC 28208

Attention: Nasir Alamgir

Matthew Leonard

Rob Crawford

Email: [******]

[******]

[******]

95

and a copy (which will not
constitute notice) to:

Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Adam Givertz

Lukas Richards

E-mail: agivertz@paulweiss.com

lrichards@paulweiss.com

Section 12.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or Portable Document Format shall be as
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

Section 12.5 Entire
Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Confidentiality Agreements constitute
the final, complete and exclusive statement of the agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior written agreements and all prior or contemporaneous oral agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Parties
have voluntarily agreed to define their rights, liabilities and obligations respecting the Purchased Interests exclusively in Contract
pursuant to the express terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents, and the Parties accordingly expressly disclaim that they are
owed any duties or are entitled to any remedies not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents. Furthermore, each Party acknowledges
that this Agreement embodies the justifiable expectations of sophisticated Persons derived from arms-length negotiations and that
no Party has any special relationship with another that would justify any expectation beyond that of any ordinary buyer and an ordinary
seller in an arms-length transaction. Except as expressly set forth in Section 7.8 and Section 12.6, nothing
herein express or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person, other than the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement; provided, that (i) the Existing
Equityholder Related Parties, the Purchaser Related Parties and the FBRT Related Parties are expressly intended as third party beneficiaries
of Article X and (ii) the individuals named in the definition of Companys Knowledge are intended
as third party beneficiaries of the second sentence of such definition. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties
acknowledge and agree that the representations and warranties set forth herein are the product of negotiations among, and are for the
sole benefit of, the Parties and may represent an allocation among the Parties of risks associated with particular matters regardless
of the knowledge of any Party. Consequently, Persons other than the Parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties set
forth herein as characterization of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

96

Section 12.6 No
Piercing the Corporate Veil. All claims or causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity) that may be
based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the negotiation, execution or performance
of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement
or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), may be made only against (and subject to the terms
and conditions thereof) the Parties and the parties to the other Transaction Documents. No Person who is not a Party or party to any
other Transaction Document, including any past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, manager, partner,
equityholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney or other representative of any Party or any other party to any other Transaction Document (Non-Party
Affiliates), shall have any liability (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity, or based upon any theory that
seeks to impose liability of an entity party against its owners or Affiliates) for any obligations or liabilities arising under, in connection
with or related to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document or its negotiation or execution, and each Party waives and releases all such liabilities, claims and
obligations against any such Non-Party Affiliates. Non-Party Affiliates are expressly intended as third party beneficiaries of this provision
of this Agreement. A claim for Fraud may only be brought by a Party against another Party.

Section 12.7 Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable
in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or
the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority declares that any term or provision hereof is invalid, void or unenforceable,
the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, area or applicability
of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid, void or unenforceable term or provision with
a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable
term or provision.

Section 12.8 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, enforced and governed by and under the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to its choice of law rules that would result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

Section 12.9 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) EACH
OF THE PARTIES SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE CHANCERY COURT OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, FOR ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR
RELATING TO, THIS AGREEMENT, AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT,
AND AGREES NOT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY OTHER COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES
WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF ANY ACTION SO BROUGHT AND WAIVES ANY BOND, SURETY OR OTHER SECURITY THAT
MIGHT BE REQUIRED OF ANY OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT THERETO.

(b) EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT (1) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (2) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED
THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (3) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (4) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED
TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATION IN THIS Section 12.9(b).

97

Section 12.10 Specific
Performance. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that the other Parties would be damaged irreparably and would have no adequate
remedy of law if any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or otherwise is breached. Accordingly,
each Party agrees that the other Parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction to prevent any breach or threatened breach of any provision
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically any provision of this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled
and without having to prove the inadequacy of any other remedy they may have at law or in equity and without being required to post bond
or other security. Each Party agrees not to raise any objections to the availability of the equitable remedy of specific performance
to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by any other Party, and to specifically enforce the terms and
provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations
of the Parties under this Agreement. The Parties hereby further agree that nothing set forth in this Section 12.10 shall
require any Party to institute any Action for (or limit any Partys right to institute any Action for) specific performance under
this Section 12.10 prior or as a condition to exercising any termination right under Article XI (and pursuing
damages after such termination), nor shall the commencement of any Action pursuant to this Section 12.10 or anything set
forth in this Section 12.10 restrict or limit the right of the Party seeking specific performance to terminate this Agreement
in accordance with the terms of Article XI or pursue any other remedies under this Agreement that may be available then or
thereafter. If, prior to the Outside Date, any Party brings any Action to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions
hereof by any other Party, the Outside Date shall automatically be extended (a) for the period during which such Action is pending,
plus twenty (20) Business Days or (b) by such other time period established by the court presiding over such Action, as the case
may be.

Section 12.11 Waiver
of Conflicts; Privilege.

(a) Purchaser
hereby consents and agrees to, and agrees after the Closing to cause each Acquired Entity to consent and agree to, and in each case waive
and not assert any conflict of interest that might preclude, Existing Equityholders Counsel representing the Existing Equityholders
or their respective Affiliates (collectively, the Subject Parties), with respect to disputes arising out of or relating
to this Agreement (the Applicable Disputes) in which the interests of the Subject Parties may be adverse to Purchaser
and its Affiliates (including, after the Closing, any Acquired Entity). Purchaser further consents and agrees to, and agrees after the
Closing to cause each Acquired Entity to consent and agree to, the communication by Existing Equityholders Counsel to the Subject
Parties in connection with any such representation in any Applicable Disputes of any fact known to Existing Equityholders Counsel
arising by reason of Existing Equityholders Counsels representation of the Acquired Entities or the Existing Equityholders
in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the Transactions.

98

(b) Purchaser
further agrees, on behalf of itself and, after the Closing, each Acquired Entity, that all communications in any form or format whatsoever
between or among Existing Equityholders Counsel, on the one hand, and any Acquired Entity or Existing Equityholder, or any of
their respective stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives, trustees and trust beneficiaries,
on the other hand, that relate in any way to the negotiation, documentation and consummation of the Transactions or any Applicable Disputes
(collectively, the Privileged Communications) shall be deemed to be attorney-client privileged and that the Privileged
Communications and the expectation of client confidence relating thereto belong solely to the Subject Parties, shall be controlled by
such Subject Parties and shall not pass to or be claimed by Purchaser, any Acquired Entity or their respective Affiliates. Prior to the
Closing, the Acquired Entities may delete (or cause to be deleted) or remove (or cause to be removed) all documents, emails and other
non-email electronic documents constituting Privileged Communications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a dispute
arises between Purchaser or an Acquired Entity, on the one hand, and a third party other than an Existing Equityholder, on the other
hand, Purchaser or the Acquired Entity may assert the attorney-client privilege to prevent the disclosure of the Privileged Communications
to such third party; provided, however, that none of Purchaser or any Acquired Entity may waive such privilege without
the prior written consent of the Representatives. In the event that Purchaser or an Acquired Entity is legally required by court order
or otherwise to access or obtain a copy of all or a portion of the Privileged Communications, Purchaser shall as promptly as practicable
(and to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law) notify the Representatives in writing (including by making specific reference to
this Section 12.11) so that the Representatives or the applicable Person(s), at their sole cost and expense, can seek a protective
order, and Purchaser agrees, at no cost to Purchaser, to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist therewith.

Section 12.12 Waiver.
Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such waiver
shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed by or on behalf of the Party waiving such term or condition.
No waiver by any Party of any term or condition of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as
a waiver of the same or any other term or condition of this Agreement on any future occasion.

Section 12.13 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the Parties (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) (other than by Purchaser to an Affiliate thereof) without the prior written consent of the other Parties.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and
their respective successors and assigns.

99

Section 12.14 Exhibits
and Schedules. Each Schedule and Exhibit hereto referred to in this Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
and shall be deemed and construed to be a part of this Agreement for all purposes. Information disclosed in any Schedule corresponding
to Article III shall be deemed to be disclosed for purposes of each other Schedule corresponding to Article III
to the extent that the relevance of such disclosure to such other Schedule would be reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure
to a reader of the disclosure. Matters disclosed in any Schedule are not necessarily limited to matters required by this Agreement to
be so disclosed, and such additional matters are disclosed for informational purposes and do not necessarily include other matters of
a similar nature. No reference to or disclosure of any matter in any Schedule shall be construed as an admission or indication that such
matter is material or outside of the ordinary course of business, or that such matter is required to be referred to or disclosed in the
Schedules. Without limiting the foregoing, no such reference to or disclosure of a possible breach or violation of any Contract or Applicable
Law shall be construed as an admission or indication that such breach or violation exists or has actually occurred.

Section 12.15 Interpretation.

(a) Headings.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

(b) Use
of Includes or Including. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in
this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation.

(c) References
to this Agreement, Sections or Exhibits. The words hereof, herein and herewith and words
of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision
of this Agreement, and article, section, paragraph, exhibit and schedule references in this Agreement are to the articles, sections,
paragraphs, exhibits and schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.

(d) Grammatical
Forms. The meaning assigned to each term defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and the plural forms of
such term, and words denoting any gender shall include all genders. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical
forms shall have a corresponding meaning. Unless the context otherwise requires, the conjunction or when used herein includes
both the conjunctive and the disjunctive. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall.

(e) References
to Parties. A reference to any Party or any party to another agreement or document referred to herein shall include such Partys
or partys successors and permitted assigns.

(f) References
to Dates. Any reference to days means calendar days unless Business Days are expressly specified. When calculating
the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the
date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded and if the last day of such period is not a Business Day,
the period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

100

(g) References
to Information Made Available. Any reference in this Agreement to made available means a document or other item of
information was provided or made available to Purchaser or its attorneys, accountants, consultants or other representatives in the Data
Room, any confidential information memorandum, during management presentations, or in any other form in expectation of, or in connection
with, the Transactions prior to 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the date hereof.

(h) References
to Legislation. A reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation shall include any amendment to, and any modification
or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all regulations, rules, guidance and statutory instruments
issued thereunder or pursuant thereto or thereof.

(i) Information
in Financial Statements. A matter shall be deemed to be reflected on or set forth in a balance sheet
or other financial statement to the extent (i) there is a reserve, accrual or other similar item underlying a number on such balance
sheet or financial statement that is specifically applicable to such matter, (ii) such matter is specifically set forth as a line
item on such balance sheet or financial statement, or (iii) such matter is reflected in such balance sheet or financial statement
and is specifically referred to in the notes thereto.

(j) Drafting
of this Agreement. The Parties and their respective counsel have mutually contributed to its drafting. Consequently, no provision
of this Agreement shall be construed against any Party on the ground that such Party drafted the provision or caused it to be drafted.
Prior drafts of this Agreement or the fact that any clauses have been added, deleted or otherwise modified from any prior drafts of this
Agreement shall not be used as an aide of construction or otherwise constitute evidence of the intent of the Parties, and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of such prior drafts.

Section 12.16 Representatives.

(a) Designation.
Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC and BMC Holdings DE LLC are hereby authorized to serve as the joint representatives of each Existing
Equityholder with respect to the matters expressly set forth in this Agreement to be performed by the Representatives. All decisions
and actions by the Representatives with respect to the matters expressly set forth in this Agreement to be performed by the Representatives
shall be made on a joint basis by, and shall require the consent of each of, Meridian Bravo Investment Company, LLC and BMC Holdings
DE LLC.

(b) Authority.
Each Existing Equityholder hereby irrevocably appoints the Representatives as the agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact for such Existing
Equityholder for all purposes of this Agreement and any other agreement contemplated hereby (including the full power and authority on
such Existing Equityholders behalf (i) to enter into and consummate the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) to pay
such Existing Equityholders expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and performance of this Agreement (whether incurred
on or after the date hereof), (iii) to make any determinations and settle any matters in connection with the adjustment of the Estimated
Base Purchase Price contemplated by Article II, (iv) to deduct and/or hold back any funds which may be payable to any
Existing Equityholder pursuant to the terms of this Agreement in order to pay, or establish a reserve for, any amount which may be payable
by such Existing Equityholder hereunder, (vi) to execute and deliver on behalf of such Existing Equityholder any amendment to the
terms hereof, (vii) to take all other actions to be taken by or on behalf of such Existing Equityholder in connection herewith,
(viii) to retain funds for reasonably anticipated expenses and liabilities, and (ix) to do each and every act and exercise
any and all rights which such Existing Equityholder or the Existing Equityholders collectively are permitted or required to do or exercise
under this Agreement). The Representative Holdback Amount shall be retained for such time as the Representatives shall determine in their
sole discretion.

101

(c) Replacement.
In the event that both Representatives become unable to perform their responsibilities hereunder or resign from such position, the Existing
Equityholders (or, if applicable, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns) who held a majority of the voting
power represented by the Equity Interests of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall select
another representative (or representatives) to fill such vacancy, and such substituted representative(s) shall be deemed to be the
Representatives for all purposes of this Agreement.

(d) Exculpation.

(i) Neither
the Representatives nor any agent employed by them shall incur any liability to any other Person by virtue of the failure or refusal
of the Representatives for any reason to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or relating to the performance of its other
duties hereunder or any of its omissions or actions with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser shall be entitled to
rely conclusively, without inquiry, on any document executed or purported to be executed on behalf of any Existing Equityholder by the
Representatives, and on any other decisions, action, omission, consent or instruction taken or purported to be taken on behalf of any
Existing Equityholder by the Representatives, as fully binding on such Existing Equityholder, and Purchaser and the Company are hereby
relieved from any liability to any Person for acts or omissions done by them in accordance with the foregoing. Notice given to the Representatives
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute notice to the Existing Equityholders for all purposes under this
Agreement.

(ii) The
Representatives shall have no obligations to make any payments, including on behalf of any Existing Equityholder or any other Person.
Parent agrees that it will not look to the personal assets of the Representatives, acting in such capacity, for the satisfaction of any
obligations to be performed by the Company (pre-Closing) or the Existing Equityholders. The Representatives will incur no liability of
any kind with respect to any action or omission by the Representatives in connection with the Representatives services pursuant
to this Agreement and any agreements ancillary hereto, except in the event of liability primarily resulting from the Representatives
gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Representatives shall not be liable for any action or omission pursuant to the advice of
counsel. The Existing Equityholders will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Representatives from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, damages, claims, penalties, fines, forfeitures, actions, fees, costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of counsel
and experts and their staffs and all expense of document location, duplication and shipment) (collectively, Representative
Losses) arising out of or in connection with the Representatives execution and performance of this Agreement and any
agreements ancillary hereto, in each case as such Representative Loss is suffered or incurred; provided, that in the event
that any such Representative Loss is finally adjudicated to have been primarily caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Representatives, the Representatives will reimburse the Existing Equityholders the amount of such indemnified Representative Loss
to the extent attributable to such gross negligence or willful misconduct. If not paid directly to the Representatives by the Existing
Equityholders, any such Representative Losses may be recovered by the Representatives from the Representative Holdback Amount; provided,
that while this section allows the Representatives to be paid from the aforementioned sources of funds, this does not relieve the Existing
Equityholders from their obligation to promptly pay such Representative Losses as they are suffered or incurred, nor does it prevent
the Representatives from seeking any remedies available to it at law or otherwise. In no event will the Representatives be required to
advance their own funds on behalf of the Existing Equityholders or otherwise. The Existing Equityholders acknowledge and agree that the
foregoing indemnities will survive the Closing, the resignation or removal of the Representatives or the termination of this Agreement.

102

(iii) The
Representatives will not be liable for any loss of principal of the Representative Holdback Amount other than as a result of its gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The Representatives will hold these funds separate from their corporate funds, will not use these funds
for operating expenses or any other corporate purposes and will not voluntarily make these funds available to creditors in the event
of bankruptcy. As soon as practicable following the completion of the Representatives responsibilities, the Representatives will
distribute any remaining balance of the Representative Holdback Amount to the Existing Equityholders (the date of such distribution,
the Representative Holdback Distribution Date) in accordance with the Closing Date Consideration Schedule. For tax
purposes, the Representative Holdback Amount will be treated as having been received and voluntarily set aside by the Existing Equityholders
at the time of Closing.

(iv) This
Section 12.16(d) shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(e) Irrevocability;
Successors. The provisions of this Section 12.16 are independent and severable, are irrevocable and coupled with an interest
and shall be enforceable notwithstanding any rights or remedies that any Existing Equityholder may have in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 12.16 shall be binding upon the heirs, legal representatives,
successors and assigns of each Existing Equityholder, and any references in this Agreement to an Existing Equityholder shall mean and
include the successors to the rights of the Existing Equityholders hereunder, whether pursuant to testamentary disposition, the laws
of descent and distribution or otherwise.

(f) Access.
Prior to the Closing, the Representatives shall have reasonable access to relevant information about the Acquired Entities and the reasonable
assistance of the Acquired Entities respective employees for purposes of performing its duties and exercising its rights hereunder;
provided, that the Representatives shall treat confidentially and not disclose any nonpublic information from or about the Acquired
Entities to anyone (except on a need to know basis to individuals who agree to treat such information confidentially).

103

Section 12.17 Guarantee.
To induce the Company and the Existing Equityholders to enter into this Agreement, FBRT hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably
guarantees, as direct obligations, in favor of the Company and the Existing Equityholders the full and timely performance, observance
and payment by Purchaser of each and every covenant, agreement, undertaking, representation, warranty, indemnity and obligation of Purchaser
contained in this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, including the payment of the Estimated Base Purchase Price and the Final
Base Purchase Price and the issuance of the Equity Consideration. FBRT acknowledges that this guarantee is given with due consideration
and that the Company and the Existing Equityholders would not agree to enter into this Agreement without such guarantee. The guaranty
provided by FBRT is an absolute, present, unconditional and continuing guarantee of due and punctual payment and performance and is not
merely a guarantee of collection.

Signature page follows.

104

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first written above.

FBRT:

FRANKLIN BSP
REALTY TRUST, INC.

By: /s/
Micah Goodman

Name: Micah Goodman

Title: Authorized Signatory

PURCHASER
OP:

FBRT OP LLC

By: Franklin
BSP Realty Trust, Inc.,

its General Partner

By: /s/
Micah Goodman

Name: Micah Goodman

Title: Authorized Signatory

PURCHASER
TRS:

FBRT SUB REIT
TRS LLC

By: /s/
Micah Goodman

Name: Micah Goodman

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]

COMPANY:

NEWPOINT HOLDINGS
JV LLC

By: /s/
Nick Gesue

Name: Nick Gesue

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXISTING
EQUITYHOLDERS:

Meridian
Bravo Investment Company, LLC

By: /s/
Brian Brooks

Name: Brian Brooks

Title: Authorized Signatory

BMC
Holdings DE LLC

By: /s/
Nasir Alamgir

Name: Nasir Alamgir

Title: Managing Director

NEWPOINT
MANAGEMENT AGGREGATOR, LLC

By: /s/
Nick Gesue

Name: Nick Gesue

Title: Chief Executive Officer

OKIOP
VENTURES, LLC

By: /s/
Richard Lerner

Name: Richard Lerner

Title: President

MEGRIL
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Erik Lindenauer

Name: Erik Lindenauer

Title: Director

representatives:

Meridian
Bravo Investment Company, LLC

By: /s/
Brian Brooks

Name: Brian Brooks

Title: Authorized Signatory

BMC
Holdings DE LLC

By: /s/
Nasir Alamgir

Name: Nasir Alamgir

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

For Immediate Release

Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. Announces Acquisition
of NewPoint Holdings JV LLC 

Creating a Comprehensive
One-Stop Client Solution, Enhancing Long-Term Stockholder Value

New
York City, NY March 10, 2025 Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: FBRT) (FBRT or the Company),
a leading real estate investment trust, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire NewPoint Holdings
JV LLC (NewPoint), a privately held commercial real estate finance company headquartered in Plano, Texas. The transaction
is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals.

Richard Byrne, CEO of FBRT and Chairman of the
FBRT Board of Directors, said, We are pleased to announce our acquisition of NewPoint, which is a transformative transaction for
FBRT. This strategic expansion of our multifamily lending offerings significantly increases our total addressable market in our highest
conviction sector. We anticipate this transaction will enable FBRT to deliver long-term stockholder value and creates a clear path for
FBRT to be able to trade at a premium to book value.

Further
commenting on the acquisition, Michael Comparato, President of FBRT, added, For years we have been looking to add agency capabilities
to the FBRT platform, which already boasts one of the most extensive product offerings in the market. We believe this transaction is the
final piece to complete our one stop shop puzzle and is even more compelling given the strong cultural alignment between
the two teams. We're excited to build on the momentum of this acquisition alongside the NewPoint team, who worked tirelessly in close
partnership with us to finalize this deal."

This strategic acquisition expands FBRTs
capabilities across multiple business lines, creating a diversified mortgage finance platform with significant synergies. We expect the
combined entity to benefit from:

Increased Earnings Power:In addition to potential book value growth, we expect the combined operations
will provide an opportunity for earnings growth. The acquisition is expected to be accretive to GAAP earnings per share in the first half
of 2026 and fully converted([i]) Distributable earnings per share in the second half of 2026.
The acquisition is expected to increase fully converted(i) book value per share in the first half of 2026.

Diversified Business Lines: The acquisition expands FBRTs multifamily operations to include
agency and mortgage servicing alongside our existing commercial real estate lending products, which include bridge lending, subordinate
lending, construction lending, and CMBS.

Agency Originations:NewPoint
is one of 19 multifamily originators and servicers approved by three government sponsored entities (Federal National Mortgage Association,
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development). FBRT will now be able to originate agency
mortgage loans. This will facilitate an exit strategy for FBRTs multifamily bridge loan portfolio, which represents 71%
of our book, and significantly broaden FBRTs market reach. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights Portfolio: NewPoint's
existing $54.7 billion servicing portfolio provides a predictable and durable income stream. The mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) on Agency
loans will be held as an asset on FBRTs consolidated balance sheet and provide an avenue for potential book value growth.

Enhanced Market Presence:NewPoints agency origination and servicing portfolio, together with the
capabilities of FBRTs external manager, Benefit Street Partners L.L.C. (BSP), will give FBRT a stronger market presence
and wider geographic footprint, enhancing our local access and market intelligence.

FBRT intends to finance the acquisition through
a combination of existing cash and issuance of debt and equity. FBRT will operate the acquired business through a taxable REIT subsidiary.

Barclays served as financial advisor to FBRT,
and Hogan Lovells US LLP and Reed Smith LLP served as legal counsel. BofA Securities served as financial advisor to NewPoint, and Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP served as legal counsel.

Investor Conference Call

The
Company will host a conference call and live audio webcast to discuss the acquisition on Tuesday, March 11, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. ET. Participants
are encouraged to pre-register for the call and webcast at: https://dpregister.com/sreg/10197588/fea8baa960. If you are
unable to pre-register, the conference call may be accessed by dialing (844) 701-1166 (Domestic) or (412) 317-5795 (International). Ask
to join the Franklin BSP Realty Trust conference call. Participants should call in at least five minutes prior to the start of the call.
The call will also be accessible via live webcast at: https://event.choruscall.com/mediaframe/webcast.html?webcastid=mx26g9lk.
Please allow extra time prior to the call to download and install audio software, if needed. A slide presentation containing supplemental
information may also be accessed through the Companys website.

An audio replay of the live broadcast will be
available approximately one hour after the end of the conference call on FBRTs website. The replay will be available for 90 days
on the Companys website.

About Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc.

Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. is a real estate
investment trust that originates, acquires and manages a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate debt secured by properties located
in the United States. As of December 31, 2024, FBRT had approximately $6.0 billion of assets. FBRT is externally managed by Benefit Street
Partners L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. For further information, please visit www.fbrtreit.com.

About BSP

BSP-Alcentra is a leading global alternative credit
asset manager offering clients investment solutions across a broad range of complementary credit strategies, including direct lending,
special situations, structured credit, high yield bonds, leveraged loans and commercial real estate debt and equity. As of December 31,
2024, BSP-Alcentra had $77 billion of assets under management, including $11 billion from commercial real estate, with over 400 employees
operating across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. BSP-Alcentra is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. For further
information, please visit www.benefitstreetpartners.com.

About NewPoint 

NewPoint, through its wholly owned subsidiary,
NewPoint Real Estate Capital LLC, is a prominent commercial real estate finance company delivering lending solutions to investors of multifamily,
affordable housing, seniors housing, healthcare, and manufactured housing properties nationwide. NewPoint leverages technology, data,
capital, and the expertise of its industry-leading team to provide loan origination, servicing, execution, and a suite of Agency and curated
proprietary products to meet the evolving needs of borrowers. In addition to being a Fannie Mae DUS, Freddie Mac Optigo, and
FHA/HUD MAP and LEAN Lender, NewPoint also offers proprietary bridge and affordable housing financing, as well as third-party placement
solutions.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements included in this press release
are forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the timing of the closing of the NewPoint acquisition and potential valuation
and financial benefits of the transaction. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of
the Company and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified
by the use of words such as "may," "will," "seeks," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates,"
"expects," "plans," "intends," "should" or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially
from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made,
and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated
events or changes to future operating results over time, unless required by law.

The Company's forward-looking statements are subject
to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and important factors contained and identified in the Companys
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2024 and its subsequent filings with the SEC, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date hereof.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.

Investor Relations Contact:

Lindsey Crabbe

l.crabbe@benefitstreetpartners.com

(214) 874-2339

Media Contact:

Lisa Tibbitts

Lisa.tibbitts@franklintempleton.com

(212) 805-6039

i
Fully converted per share information assumes applicable conversion of FBRTs OP units and outstanding series of convertible
preferred stock into common stock and the full vesting of FBRT s outstanding equity compensation awards.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Franklin BSP
Realty Trust
NewPoint Real Estate Capital
Transaction Overview
March 2025

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 2
Important Information
The information herein relates to the Companys business and financial information as of December 31, 2024 and does not reflect subsequent developments.
Risk Factors
Investing in and owning our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February
26, 2025, and the risk disclosures in our subsequent periodic reports filed with the SEC for a discussion of these risks.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements included in this presentation are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of
Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. (FBRT or the Company) and may include the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words
such as "may," "will," "seeks," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "should" or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include the risk that we do
not close the NewPoint transaction within the expected timeframe or at all, the risk that we do not realize the expected benefits from the NewPoint transaction, macroeconomic
factors in the United States including inflation, changing interest rates and economic contraction, impairments in the value of real estate property securing our loans or that we
own, the extent of any recoveries on delinquent loans, and the financial stability of our borrowers, and the other factors set forth in the risk factors section of our most recent Form
10-K and Form 10-Q. The extent to which these factors impact us and our borrowers will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with
confidence. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to
reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time, except as required by law.
Additional Important Information
The summary information provided in this presentation does not purport to be complete and no obligation to update or otherwise revise such information is being assumed. Refer
to the Form 8-K filed March 10, 2025 for additional information regarding the acquisition, including the purchase agreement. Nothing shall be relied upon as a promise or
representation as to the future performance of the Company. This summary is not an offer to sell securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction where
the offer or sale is not permitted. This summary is not advice, a recommendation or an offer to enter into any transaction with us or any of our affiliated funds. There is no
guarantee that any of the goals, targets or objectives described in this summary will be achieved.
The information contained herein is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal, ERISA or tax advice or investment recommendations. Investors
should also seek advice from their own independent tax, accounting, financial, ERISA, investment and legal advisors to properly assess the merits and risks associated with their
investment in light of their own financial condition and other circumstances. The information contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You may obtain a copy of the most recent Annual Report or Quarterly Report by calling (844) 785-4393 and/or visiting
www.fbrtreit.com.
This presentation contains information regarding FBRTs financial results that is calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), including Distributable Earnings. Please refer to the appendix for the reconciliation of the applicable GAAP
financial measures to non-GAAP financial measures.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT A GUARANTEE OR INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. INVESTMENTS INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS, INCLUDING LOSS OF THE ENTIRE
INVESTMENT. There is no guarantee that any of the estimates, targets or projections illustrated in this summary will be achieved. Any references herein to any of the Companys
past or present investments, portfolio characteristics, or performance, have been provided for illustrative purposes only. It should not be assumed that these investments were or
will be profitable or that any future investments will be profitable or will equal the performance of these investments. There can be no guarantee that the investment objective of
the Company will be achieved. Any investment entails a risk of loss. An investor could lose all or substantially all of his or her investment. Please refer to our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more complete list of risk factors. The following slides contain summaries of certain financial information about the
Company. The information contained in this presentation is summary information that is intended to be considered in the context of our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and other public announcements that we may make, by press release or otherwise, from time to time.

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 3
Transaction
Summary
Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. (FBRT or the Company) has entered into a definitive
agreement to acquire NewPoint Holdings JV LLC (NewPoint) for $425 million
Consideration will be comprised of 75% cash and 25% common units of FBRTs
operating company (OP Units)1
NewPoint is a vertically integrated lending and servicing platform that holds all three
agency licenses (FNMA, FHLMC, and FHA/HUD) (collectively, the Agencies). In
addition, NewPoint is a GNMA-issuer
Anticipated
Financial
Impact and
Timing
Expected to be accretive to GAAP EPS in the first half of 2026
Expected to be accretive to fully converted2 distributable EPS in the second half of 2026
Expected to increase fully converted2 Book Value per Share (BVPS) in the first half of
2026. At close, the transaction is expected to reduce fully converted2 BVPS by $0.26 to
$0.28
Expected to close in the third quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions,
including regulatory approvals
Transaction Overview
1. Consideration is $318,750,000 in cash and 8,385,951 of OP Units (valued at $12.67, the FBRT common stock opening price as of 1/31/25, the date the parties agreed on
consideration). Cash amount is subject to closing adjustments
2. Fully converted per share information assumes applicable conversion of our OP units and outstanding series of convertible preferred stock into common stock and the full vesting
of our outstanding equity compensation awards.
The Acquisition of NewPoint Adds a Scaled CRE Agency Loan Origination and Servicing
Platform to FBRT

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 4
NewPoint at-a-Glance
$1.1
$1.4
$0.4
412
178
367
708
$6.2
$6.8
$4.8
$36.9
Key Stats
2024 Agency Originations
One of Only 19
Agency Originators Approved
by All 3 Agencies
237 Employees
#3
HUD LEAN Lender in 2024
$54.7bn
Servicing Portfolio
$2.9bn
Agency Volume in 2024
Total Servicing Portfolio as of December 31, 2024
Fannie Freddie Ginnie (FHA/HUD) Third Party
$17.8 (32%) Agency
$54.7bn
Total
UPB
1,665
Total
Loan Count
957 (57%) Agency
Top 20 MBA Ranked
Commercial/Multifamily Servicer
S&P
Above Average Primary Servicer
Fannie Freddie FHA/HUD
$2.9bn
Total
Volume
NewPoints vertically integrated lending and servicing platform will transform FBRT

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 5
Agency Licenses
Provides highly sought-after Agency
licenses allowing FBRT to directly
originate Agency loans
Book Value per Share Growth
Adds mortgage servicing rights (MSR) as a
long-term asset on FBRTs balance sheet.
Provides a potential avenue for recurring
BVPS growth, delivering long-term value to
FBRTs stockholders
CRE Servicing
Enhances income stability, predictability and
duration through a scaled servicer.
Enables FBRT to service Agency loans, third
party CRE loans and FBRT originated loans
Strategic Growth
Creates a natural expansion of FBRT's core
competency in multifamily lending.
Strategically positions FBRT to grow and
diversify product lines within this high
conviction sector
1
3
2
4
This Transaction Adds Capital-Light Businesses and Long-Term Assets to FBRT
Strategic Rationale

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 6
Embedded Synergies
Increased
Presence
Deal Flow Multifamily Servicing
Scale
Long-Term Stockholder Value is Driven Through Embedded Synergies
BSP has 90 CRE
employees in five
states.
NewPoint has
237 employees in
20 states.
This broad
national coverage
expands FBRTs
geographic
footprint and
on-the-ground
expertise
NewPoint and
FBRT are each
expected to
leverage their
sponsor and
origination
relationships to
increase deal flow
at FBRT for Bridge
and Agency loans
Over the past
four years, BSP
and NewPoint
have originated
approximately $9
billion and $12
billion,
respectively, in
multifamily loans
NewPoint will
be able to
service loans
across the
platform

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 7
Expanding FBRTs Multifamily Lending Capabilities
FBRT Capabilities
Loan Type Pre-Acquisition Post-Acquisition
Originations Servicing Originations Servicing
Construction Loans (2-3 years)
Transitional Loans (2-3 years)
Lease Up
Value Add
Stabilized Bridge
CMBS Loans (5-10 years)
Agency Loans (5-10 years)
Fannie Mae
Freddie Mac
Ginnie Mae (HUD)
FBRT will be a One Stop Shop Supporting the Entire Multifamily Lending Lifecycle

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 8
Expanding FBRTs Business Lines Relative to Select Peers
Source: Public filings.
1. Select peers include ABR, ACRE, ARI, BRSP, BXMT, CMTG, GPMT, KREF, LADR, STWD, and TRTX.
FBRT
Pre
Acq.
FBRT
Post
Acq.
Peer 1 Peer 2 Peer 3 Peer 4 Peer 5 Peer 6 Peer 7 Peer 8 Peer 9 Peer
10
Peer
11
Senior Lending
Junior Lending
Conduit
Agency
Servicing
REO
B-Pieces
Securities
Capital Light
FBRT will now have a Full Suite of CRE Products

B E N E F I T S T R E E T P A R T N E R S | A L C E N T R A 9
Definitions
Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings to Common
Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP measure, which the Company defines as GAAP net income (loss), adjusted for (i) non-cash CLO amortization acceleration and amortization
over the expected useful life of the Company's CLOs, (ii) unrealized gains and losses on loans and derivatives, including CECL reserves and impairments, net of realized gains and
losses, as described further below, (iii) non-cash equity compensation expense, (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) subordinated performance fee accruals/(reversal), (vi)
realized gains and losses on debt extinguishment and CLO calls, and (vii) certain other non-cash items. Further, Distributable Earnings to Common, a non-GAAP measure,
presents Distributable Earnings net of (i) perpetual preferred stock dividend payments and (ii) non-controlling interests in joint ventures.
As noted above, we exclude unrealized gains and losses on loans and other investments, including CECL reserves and impairments, from our calculation of Distributable Earnings
and include realized gains and losses. The nature of these adjustments is described more fully in the footnotes to our reconciliation tables. GAAP loan loss reserves and any
property impairment losses have been excluded from Distributable Earnings consistent with other unrealized losses pursuant to our existing definition of Distributable Earnings.
We expect to only recognize such potential credit or property impairment losses in Distributable Earnings if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a
realization event. This is generally at the time a loan is repaid, or in the case of a foreclosure or other property, when the underlying asset is sold. Amounts may also be deemed
non-recoverable if, in our determination, it is nearly certain the carrying amounts will not be collected or realized. The realized loss amount reflected in Distributable Earnings will
generally equal the difference between the cash received and the Distributable Earnings basis of the asset. The timing of any such loss realization in our Distributable Earnings
may differ materially from the timing of the corresponding loss reserves, charge-offs or impairments in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
The Company believes that Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings to Common provide meaningful information to consider in addition to the disclosed GAAP results.
The Company believes Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings to Common are useful financial metrics for existing and potential future holders of its common stock as
historically, over time, Distributable Earnings to Common has been an indicator of common dividends per share. As a REIT, the Company generally must distribute annually at
least 90% of its taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, and therefore believes dividends are one of the principal reasons stockholders may invest in its common stock.
Further, Distributable Earnings to Common helps investors evaluate performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that the Company does not
believe are necessarily indicative of current loan portfolio performance and the Company's operations and is one of the performance metrics the Company's board of directors
considers when dividends are declared.
Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings to Common do not represent net income (loss) and should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income (loss). The
methodology for calculating Distributable Earnings and Distributable Earnings to Common may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies and thus may not be
comparable to the Distributable Earnings reported by other companies.

www.benefitstreetpartners.com
www.alcentra.com
London
Cannon Place
78 Cannon Street
London
EC4N 6HL
UK
New York
1 Madison Avenue
Floor 11 22
New York
NY 10010
USA
West Palm Beach
360 South Rosemary Avenue
Suite 1510
West Palm Beach
FL 33401
USA
New York
1345 Avenue of the Americas
Suite 32A
New York
NY 10105
USA
Boston
399 Boylston Street
Suite 901
Boston
MA 02116
USA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bsprt-20250309.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bsprt-20250309_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bsprt-20250309_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>bsprt-20250309_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_ex99-2img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 09, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40923

Entity Registrant Name Franklin
BSP Realty Trust, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001562528

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1406086

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1600

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10010

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 588-6770

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol FBRT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.50%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol FBRT PRE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bsprealtytrust.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bsprt-20250309.xsd 
bsprt-20250309_def.xml 
bsprt-20250309_lab.xml 
bsprt-20250309_pre.xml 
tm258704d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-022187-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm258704d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001562528 

2025-03-09 
2025-03-09 

0001562528 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-09 
2025-03-09 

0001562528 

us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-09 
2025-03-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001562528 
8-K 
2025-03-09 
Franklin BSP Realty Trust, Inc. 
MD 
001-40923 
46-1406086 
1 Madison Avenue 
Suite 1600 
New York 
NY 
10010 
212 
588-6770 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
FBRT 
NYSE 
7.50% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
FBRT PRE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>