<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-012337.txt : 20250418
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-012337.hdr.sgml : 20250418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250418123236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-012337
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CervoMed Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053691
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				300645032
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37942
		FILM NUMBER:		25849696

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 424
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 744-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 424
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RestorGenex Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stratus Media Group, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080722
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>crvo20250417_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?crvo20250417_8k.htm

false000105369100010536912025-04-142025-04-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 14, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CervoMed Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-37942 

30-0645032

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

20 Park Plaza, Suite 424

Boston, Massachusetts 

02116

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (617) 744-4400

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

CRVO 

NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Executive Vice President, Clinical Development

On April 14, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of CervoMed Inc. (the Company, we or us) appointed Kelly Blackburn, M.H.A., as the Companys Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, effective April 16, 2025. Ms. Blackburn has previously served as the Companys Senior Vice President, Clinical Development, since August 2023. Ms. Blackburns biography is set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 29, 2024 (the 2024 Proxy Statement), and is incorporated by reference herein.

In connection with her appointment, the Company and Ms. Blackburn have entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Blackburn Employment Agreement) pursuant to which she will serve as our Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. Ms. Blackburns annual base salary for the year ending December 31, 2025, will be $448,360 which amount the Board may increase (but not decrease) at its discretion and her target annual bonus will be 35 percent of her base salary. In addition, the Blackburn Employment Agreement contains certain severance and change of control provisions, non-competition and non-solicitation provisions (each applicable during employment and for 12 and 24 months thereafter, respectively), and confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions (each applicable during employment and at all times thereafter), which are described in more detail under the heading Post-Termination Severance and Change in Control Arrangements in our 2024 Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference herein. The Blackburn Employment Agreement has an indefinite term.

Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management

On April 14, 2025, the Board appointed Mark De Rosch, Ph.D., FRAPS as Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, effective May 1, 2025. Dr. De Rosch has previously served as the Companys Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, since November 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. De Rosch consulted on drug development and global regulatory strategies since May 2023. Previously, Dr. De Rosch was Chief Operating Officer at Aura Biosciences (Aura) from March 2021 to May 2023, overseeing regulatory affairs, chemistry, manufacturing and controls / technical operations, program and portfolio management, medical device innovation, and information technology. While at Aura, Dr. De Rosch contributed to Aura becoming a public company and growing from approximately 20 employees to approximately 65 employees to support Phase 3 readiness. Prior to joining Aura, Dr. De Rosch was Chief Regulatory Officer at Epizyme, Inc. (Epizyme) where he assisted Epizyme in receiving accelerated approval in the United States (U.S.) for its first drug, TAZVERIK, in two oncology indications. Prior to Epizyme, he was Senior Vice President of Regulatory, Quality, and Medical Writing at Nightstar Therapeutics, Inc., a gene therapy company specializing in treatment of inherited retinal disease, which was acquired by Biogen in 2019. Prior organizations also include Akebia Therapeutics, Voisin Consulting Life Sciences, Inspiration Biopharmaceuticals, Vertex Pharmaceuticals (Vertex), Berlex Laboratories, Diatide, and Mallinckrodt. At Vertex, Dr. De Rosch led the regulatory strategy and marketing approvals in the U.S. and European Union for Kalydeco, the first drug to treat the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis. Dr. De ROsch has a B.S. in Chemistry/Biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin-Parkside, and an M.S. and Ph.D. in Inorganic Chemistry from the University of California, San Diego. Dr. De Rosch was designated as a Fellow of the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society (FRAPS) in 2017.

In connection with his appointment, the Company and Dr. De Rosch have entered into an Employment Agreement (the De Rosch Employment Agreement) pursuant to which he will serve as our Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2. Dr. De Roschs annual base salary for the year ending December 31, 2025, will be $465,000 which amount the Board may increase (but not decrease) at its discretion and his target annual bonus will be 35 percent of her base salary. In addition, the De Rosch Employment Agreement contains certain severance and change of control provisions, non-competition and non-solicitation provisions (each applicable during employment and for 12 months thereafter), and confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions (each applicable during employment and at all times thereafter). Under the De Rosch Employment Agreement, in the event that his employment is terminated by the Company other than for cause, death or disability or upon the executives resignation for good reason (as such terms are defined in the De Rosch Employment Agreement), Dr. De Rosch will be entitled to any unpaid bonus earned in the year prior to the termination, a pro-rata portion of the bonus earned during the year of termination, continuation of base salary for 9 months, plus 12 months of COBRA premium reimbursement, provided that if such termination occurs within 60 days before or within 24 months following a change of control (as defined in the De Rosch Employment Agreement), then he will be entitled to receive the same severance benefits as described above, except that he will receive (a) a payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of his base salary and the higher of his target annual bonus opportunity and the bonus payment received for the year immediately preceding the year in which the termination occurred instead of 9 months of base salary continuation and (b) a payment equal to 18 times the monthly COBRA premium for his and his eligible dependents instead of 12 months of COBRA reimbursements (the payments in clauses (a) and (b) are paid in a lump-sum in some cases and in installments over 9 or 12 months in other cases). In addition, if Dr. De Roschs employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Dr. De Rosch for good reason, in either case, upon or within 24 months following a change of control, then he will be entitled to full vesting of all equity awards received from us (with any equity awards that are subject to the satisfaction of performance goals deemed earned at not less than target performance, and with any equity award that is in the form of a stock option or stock appreciation right to remain outstanding and exercisable for 24 months following the termination date (but in no event beyond the expiration date of the applicable option or stock appreciation right)). The De Rosch Employment Agreement has an indefinite term.

Chief Operating Officer

On April 14, 2025, the Board approved the terms of a Separation Agreement (the Separation Agreement), with Robert J. Cobuzzi, Jr., Ph.D., the Companys Chief Operating Officer, pursuant to which Dr. Cobuzzis employment with the Company will conclude effective July 1, 2025. In addition, Dr. Cobuzzi will not stand for re-election to the Board and his current term will end at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. In connection with his departure, the Company and Dr. Cobuzzi intend to enter the Separation Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3, which provides, among other things, that Dr. Cobuzzi shall be eligible to receive: (i) a lump-sum payment of $479,723, subject to lawful deductions, equal to twelve months gross base salary, (ii) a lump-sum payment of $119,602, subject to lawful deductions, equal to Dr. Cobuzzis pro-rated target annual bonus for the year ending December 31, 2025, and (iii) a lump-sum payment subject to lawful deductions, equal to the aggregate premium for 12 months of COBRA continuation coverage for Dr. Cobuzzi and his eligible dependents. Additionally, notwithstanding any terms of the Companys 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or any stock option award agreements to the contrary, all Company stock options previously granted to Dr. Cobuzzi will remain exercisable and continue to vest in accordance with their respective vesting schedules through September 30, 2026. The Separation Agreement also includes a standard release and waiver by Dr. Cobuzzi and other customary provisions.

The foregoing descriptions of each of the Blackburn Employment Agreement, the De Rosch Employment Agreement and the Separation Agreement do not purport to be complete and, in each case, are subject to and qualified in their entirety by the full terms thereof, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 hereto, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement

To the extent required by Item 1.02 of Form 8-K, the disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

To the extent required by Item 5.02 of Form 8-K, the disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 

Amended & Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Kelly Blackburn, M.H.A., effective as of April 16, 2025

10.2 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Mark De Rosch, Ph.D., FRAPS, effective as of May 1, 2025

10.3 

Form of Separation Agreement by and between the Company and Robert J. Cobuzzi, Jr., Ph.D.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 18, 2025 

CervoMed Inc. 

By: 

/s/ William Elder 

Name: 

William Elder 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel & Secretary 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_803313.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_803313.htm

Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

AMENDED & RESTATED

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended & Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective as of April 16, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between CervoMed Inc. (the Company) and Kelly Blackburn (the Executive).

Recitals

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into that certain employment agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024, pursuant to which the Company employs Executive as an employee of the Company (the Old Employment Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive each desire to amend and restate the terms of Executive employment with the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows:

Agreement

1. 

Definitions.

1.1. Affiliate means as to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, or is under common control with, or is controlled by, such first Person. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting equity interests, by contract or otherwise). For the avoidance of doubt, each member of the Company Group (other than the Company) is an Affiliate of the Company.

1.2. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

1

1.3. Cause means the Executives (i) indictment for, or entering of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or its equivalent under any applicable legal system) with respect to (A) a felony or (B) any crime involving moral turpitude; (ii) commission of fraud, misrepresentation, embezzlement or theft against any Person; (iii) engaging in any intentional activity that injures or would reasonably be expected to injure (monetarily or otherwise), in any material respect, the reputation, the business or a business relationship of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iv) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the Executives duties to the Company or its Affiliates under this Agreement, or willful refusal or failure to carry out the lawful instructions of the CEO that are consistent with the Executives title and position; (v) violation of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its Affiliates; or (vi) breach of any Restrictive Covenant (as defined below) or material breach or violation of any other provision of this Agreement, of a written policy or code of conduct of the Company or any of its Affiliates (as in effect from time to time) or any other agreement between the Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. Except when such acts constituting Cause which, by their nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, the Executive shall have twenty (20) days following the delivery of written notice by the Company of its intention to terminate the Executives employment for Cause within which to cure any acts constituting Cause. Following such 20-day cure period, the Executive shall be given five (5) business days prior written notice to appear (with or without counsel) before the full Board for the opportunity to present information regarding Executives views on the alleged Cause event. After the Company provides the original notice of its intent to terminate Executives employment for Cause, the Company may suspend the Executive from all Executives duties and responsibilities and prevent Executive from accessing the Companys or its Affiliates premises or contacting any personnel of the Company or any of its Affiliates until a final determination on the hearing is made. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Executives resignation from employment at a time when Cause exists shall be treated as a termination of employment by the Company for Cause, and no cure rights or right to be heard by the Board shall be provided.

1.4. CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

1.5. Change of Control means (i) the accumulation (if over time, in any consecutive twelve (12) month period), whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of 50.1% or more of the shares of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of shares (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation are immediately after such merger or consolidation the direct or indirect beneficial owners of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation), (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis or (iii) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, the individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of voting securities or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into voting securities directly from the Company or (B) any acquisition of voting securities or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into voting securities by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided further, that a transaction will not be a Change of Control unless it also satisfies the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), (vi) or (vii).

1.6. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2

1.7. Company Group means the Company and the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company.

1.8. Company Invention means any Invention that is Invented by the Executive (alone or jointly with others) (whether before, on or after the Effective Date) (i) in the course of, in connection with, or as a result of the Executives employment or other service with any member of the Company Group, (ii) at the direction or request of any member of the Company Group, or (iii) through the use of, or that is related to, facilities, equipment, Confidential Information, other Company Inventions, intellectual property or other resources of any member of the Company Group, whether or not during the Executives work hours.

1.9. Confidential Information shall mean all information of a sensitive, confidential or proprietary nature respecting the business and activities of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates, or the predecessors and successors of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates, including, without limitation, the terms and provisions of this Agreement (except for the terms and provisions of Sections 4.4 through 4.17), and the clients, customers, suppliers, computer or other files, projects, products, computer disks or other media, computer hardware or computer software programs, marketing plans, financial information, methodologies, Inventions, know-how, research, developments, processes, practices, approaches, projections, forecasts, formats, systems, data gathering methods and/or strategies of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates. Confidential Information also includes all information received by the Company or any other member of the Company Group under an obligation of confidentially to a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information that is generally available, or is made generally available, to the public other than as a result of a direct or indirect unauthorized disclosure by the Executive or any other Person subject to a confidentiality obligation.

1.10. Disability means that the Executive has been unable, as determined by the Company in good faith, to perform the Executives duties under this Agreement for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or for a total of one hundred and twenty (120) days (whether or not consecutive) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, as a result of injury, illness or any other physical or mental impairment.

1.11. Good Reason means any of the following actions taken by the Company without the Executives prior written consent: (i) a material reduction in the Executives duties, responsibilities or authority; (ii) a material reduction of the Executives Base Salary (as defined below); (iii) failure or refusal of a successor to the Company to either materially assume the Companys obligations under this Agreement or enter into a new employment agreement with the Executive on terms that are materially similar to those provided under this Agreement, in any case, in the event of a Change of Control; or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (A) the Executive gives the Company written notice within sixty (60) days after the first occurrence of the event which the Executive believes constitutes the basis for Good Reason, specifying the particular act or failure to act which the Executive believes constitutes the basis for Good Reason, (B) the Company fails to cure such act or failure to act within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice and (C) the Executive terminates Executives employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such 30- day cure period specified in clause (B). In addition, and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in connection with a pandemic, national emergency or other event that provides (or is expected to provide) a significant disruption to the Companys business, the compensation and/or benefits set forth in this Agreement may be reduced if such reduction applies generally to the Companys officers, and no such reduction (individually or combined with any other reduction(s)) shall give rise to Good Reason or be treated as a breach of this Agreement.

3

1.12. Invented means made, conceived, invented, authored, or first actually reduced to practice (in any case, whether partially or fully).

1.13. Invention means any invention, formula, therapy, diagnostic technique, discovery, improvement, idea, technique, design, method, art, process, methodology, algorithm, machine, development, product, service, technology, strategy, software, work of authorship or other Works (as defined in Section 4.13), trade secret, innovation, trademark, data, database, or the like, whether or not patentable, together with all intellectual property rights therein.

1.14. Person means an individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, joint stock company, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, investment fund, any other business entity and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

1.15. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person has a direct or indirect equity ownership interest of at least 50%.

1.16. Term of Employment means the period of the Executives employment with the Company under this Agreement.

1.17. Termination Date means the date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason.

2. 

Employment.

2.1.Executives Representations. The Executive represents that (i) the Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that the Executives employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will not conflict with or result in the breach by the Executive of any agreement to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive may be bound, and does not violate any duties owed by Executive to other third parties and (ii) in connection with the Executives employment with the Company or any other member of the Company Group, the Executive will not (A) violate any non- competition, non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement by which the Executive is or may be bound or (B) use any confidential or proprietary information that the Executive may have obtained in connection with the Executives employment or engagement with any other Person.

4

2.2.Position; Duties and Responsibilities. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, with such duties and responsibilities that are consistent with such position as may be assigned by the CEO from time to time. In addition, during the Term of Employment, the Executive shall serve in such other officer and/or director positions with any member of the Company Group (for no additional compensation) as may be determined by the Board and/or the CEO from time to time. The Executive further agrees that, during the Term of Employment, Executive shall not knowingly take any action that is contrary to, or in conflict with, the best interests of the Company Group.

2.3.Reporting; Outside Activities. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall report to the CEO, and the Executive shall diligently and conscientiously devote the Executives full business time, attention, energy, skill and best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may (i) continue to serve as a member of the board of any organization listed in Exhibit A hereto, (ii) serve on other boards as may be approved by the CEO in their sole discretion, (iii) engage in educational, charitable and civic activities and (iv) manage the Executives personal and business investments and affairs, so long as such activities (A) do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with the performance of the Executives duties under this Agreement and (B) are not contrary to the interests of the Company Group or competitive in any way with the Company Group. Subject to the foregoing, during the Term of Employment, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, render any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any other Person, whether for compensation or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the CEO.

3. 

Compensation and Other Benefits.

3.1.Base Salary. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall receive an initial base salary per annum of $448,360, which shall be payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices as in effect from time to time. During the Term of Employment, the Board may review the Executives base salary and the Board may, in its sole discretion, increase (but not decrease) such base salary by an amount it determines to be appropriate. The Executives base salary, as may be in effect from time to time, is referred to herein as Base Salary.

3.2.Annual Bonus. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual performance bonus based on the achievement of the performance goals established by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion, with an annual target bonus opportunity of 35% of the Base Salary and the potential to earn a higher bonus for above target performance, with the amount of any such bonus to be determined by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion (the Annual Bonus). Any earned Annual Bonus shall be paid in a lump sum by no later than the first March 15th to occur after the end of the applicable performance period. Except as set forth in Section 4.2, the Executive must be employed by the Company on the bonus payment date in order to receive an earned Annual Bonus with respect to any performance period.

3.3.Equity Grants. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be eligible for equity or equity-based awards that may be granted to the Executive at such times, in such amounts and in such manner as the Board may determine in its sole discretion. Any such equity or equity-based awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable plan and award agreement.

5

3.4.Expense Reimbursement. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall reimburse the Executives reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred in connection with performing the Executives duties hereunder in accordance with its then-prevailing policies and procedures for expense reimbursement (which shall include appropriate itemization and substantiation of expenses incurred).

3.5.Benefit Plans; Vacation. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all broad-based employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time for the benefit of the Companys employees (e.g., medical, dental and disability benefits) to the extent that the Executive satisfies the eligibility requirements of such plans or programs (including, without limitation, minimum hours worked) and subject to applicable law and the terms and conditions of such plans or programs; provided, however, that the Company may amend, modify or terminate any such plans or programs at any time in its discretion. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled an allotment of 25 days of paid time off per calendar year, prorated for partial years, or such greater amount provided for pursuant to the Companys paid time off policy, as in effect from time to time, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of such policy.

4.Termination; Restrictive Covenants. Upon the Termination Date, the Executive shall be deemed to have immediately resigned from any and all officer, director (unless otherwise directed in writing by the Company) and other positions the Executive then holds with the Company and its Affiliates (and this Agreement shall constitute notice of resignation by the Executive without any further action by the Executive), and the Executive agrees to execute and deliver such further instruments as are requested by the Company in furtherance of the foregoing. Except as expressly provided in Section 4.2, all rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or its Affiliates shall terminate immediately upon the Termination Date.

4.1.General. The Company may terminate the Term of Employment and the Executives employment at any time, with or without Cause or due to Disability, upon written notice to the Executive. The Executive may terminate the Term of Employment and the Executives employment for Good Reason or for any other reason at any time upon not less than ninety (90) days advance written notice to the Company; provided, that following its receipt of the Executives notice of termination, the Company may elect to reduce the notice period and cause the Termination Date to occur earlier, and no such action by the Company shall entitle the Executive to notice pay, severance pay or benefits or pay in lieu of notice or lost wages or benefits. In addition, the Term of Employment and the Executives employment with the Company shall terminate immediately upon the Executives death.

6

4.2. Separation Payments.

4.2.1.General. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.2, in the event that the Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason, the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive only (i) the cash portion of the Base Salary earned but unpaid through the Termination Date, paid in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies (or at such earlier time as required by applicable law), (ii) any accrued but unused vacation in accordance with the Companys policies and applicable law, (iii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred prior to the Termination Date that are otherwise reimbursable, with such expenses to be reimbursed in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies (as may be in effect from time to time), and (iv) any vested benefits earned by the Executive under any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Affiliates under which the Executive was participating immediately prior to the Termination Date, with such benefits to be provided in accordance with the terms of the applicable employee benefit plan (the items described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, the AccruedBenefits). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 or 4.2.4, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

4.2.2.Death and Disability. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated due to the Executives death or by the Company due to Disability, in either case, during the Term of Employment, then in addition to the Accrued Benefits, and subject to Section 4.2.5, the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Annual Bonus earned in the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurred, to the extent that such Annual Bonus is unpaid as of the Termination Date, with such amount to be payable in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred (the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus); (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Clinical Development) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) if the Executive and Executives eligible dependents are eligible for, and timely elect, COBRA continuation coverage, the Company shall reimburse the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) for the COBRA premiums for the Executive and Executives eligible dependents under the Companys medical, dental and vision benefit plans for a period of 12 months immediately following the Termination Date (the COBRABenefit); provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the COBRA Benefit shall not be provided to the extent that it would result in any fine, penalty or tax on the Company or any of its Affiliates (under Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, or otherwise); provided further, that the COBRA Benefit shall cease earlier if the Executive or Executives dependents become eligible for health coverage under the health plan of another employer; and (iv) to the extent the following will not result in a violation of Section 409A, with respect to each equity award received by Executive from the Company or any of its direct or indirect parent companies that is outstanding as of the Termination Date, accelerated vesting immediately upon the Termination Date of, (I) with respect to any such equity award received in payment of Base Salary or an Annual Bonus, 100% of such equity award and, (II) with respect to any equity award not described in clause (I), the greater of (x) the portion of the unvested equity award that would have become vested within 12 months after the Termination Date had the Executive remained employed by the Company during such 12-month period (without regard for the vesting schedule set forth in any applicable plan or agreement governing such equity award) or (y) the portion of the unvested equity award that is subject to accelerated vesting (if any) upon such termination under the applicable equity plan or award agreement; provided, however, that any equity awards that are subject to the satisfaction of performance goals shall be deemed earned at not less than target performance; and provided, further, that, with respect to any equity award that is in the form of a stock option or stock appreciation right, the option or stock appreciation right shall remain outstanding and exercisable for 12 months following the Termination Date or, if longer, such period following the Termination Date as provided under the applicable equity plan or award agreement (but in no event beyond the expiration date of the applicable option or stock appreciation right). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.2, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

7

4.2.3.Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason Not In Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, and such termination is not covered by Section 4.2.4, then the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits and, subject to Section 4.2.5: (i) the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, with such amount to be payable in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred; (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Clinical Development) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) continuation of the Base Salary as of the Termination Date for nine months immediately following the Termination Date, with all portions of such Base Salary to be paid in cash in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies, with the first such payment to be made on the 60th day following the Termination Date and to include a catch-up covering any payroll dates between the Termination Date and the date of the first payment and (iv) the COBRA Benefit for a period of 12 months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the COBRA Benefit shall not be provided to the extent that it would result in any fine, penalty or tax on the Company or any of its Affiliates (under Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, or otherwise); provided further, that the COBRA Benefit shall cease earlier if the Executive (or Executives dependents) become eligible for health coverage under the health plan of another employer. All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.3, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

8

(i)Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason In Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, (A) upon or within 24 months following a Change of Control or (B) within 60 days prior to a Change of Control, then the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits and, subject to Section 4.2.5: (i) the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, with such amount to be payable in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred; (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Clinical Development, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Clinical Development) and (y) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of Executives Base Salary (at the highest rate in effect during the 24 month period commencing on the date of such Change of Control) and the higher of Executives target Annual Bonus opportunity and the Annual Bonus paid to Executive with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurred, with such payment to be paid in cash on the first payroll date after the effective date of the release (as described in Section 4.2.5) and in all events no later than 70 days after such termination and (iv) a payment equal to 18 times the monthly COBRA premium for Executive and Executives eligible dependents (at the rate in effect for Executives coverage at the time of Executives termination, regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA coverage), with one-third of such payment to be paid in cash on the first payroll date after the effective date of the release (as described in Section 4.2.5) and in all events no later than 70 days after such termination, and with the remaining two-thirds to be paid according to the same schedule as the COBRA Benefit is provided in clause (iv) of Section 4.2.3 (i.e., in installments over 12 months immediately following the Termination Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a termination described in clause (B) of this Section 4.2.4 occurs, then the payments described in clauses (iii) and (iv) of this Section 4.2.4 shall be paid over the same nine-month period (or the same 12-month period, as applicable) and in the same manner as set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.2.3, respectively, rather than being paid in a lump sum. In addition, if (and only if), during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, upon or within 24 months following a Change of Control, then, to the extent the following will not result in a violation of Section 409A, the Executive shall be entitled to, in addition to the Accrued Benefits and the payments set forth in the foregoing clauses through (iv), and subject to Section 4.2.5, immediate and full accelerated vesting of all equity awards received by Executive from the Company or any of its direct or indirect parent companies that are outstanding as of the Termination Date without regard for the vesting schedule set forth in any applicable plan or agreement governing such equity awards; provided that, any equity awards that are subject to the satisfaction of performance goals shall be deemed earned at not less than target performance; and provided, further, that, with respect to any equity award that is in the form of a stock option or stock appreciation right, the option or stock appreciation right shall remain outstanding and exercisable for 24 months following the Termination Date (but in no event beyond the expiration date of the applicable option or stock appreciation right). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.4, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

9

4.3.Release Requirement. Payment and provision of the benefits set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 and 4.2.4 (other than the Accrued Benefits) is subject to the Executives (or, as applicable, the Executives estates or legal representatives) execution of a general release of claims and covenant not to sue in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, such that such release becomes effective, with all revocation periods having expired unexercised, within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if payment of any of the severance benefits set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 or 4.2.4 (other than the Accrued Benefits) could commence in more than one taxable year based on when the release could become effective, then to the extent required by Section 409A (as defined below), any such payments that would have been made during the calendar year in which the Executives employment terminates instead shall be withheld and paid on the first payroll date in the calendar year immediately after the calendar year in which the Executives employment terminates, with all remaining payments to be made as if no such delay had occurred.

4.4.Violation of Restrictive Covenants. Without limiting the remedies provided to the Company and its Affiliates as set forth in this Article 4, upon the Executives breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants (as defined below), other than any immaterial and unintentional breach by the Executive of the confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 4.11, the Company will have no obligation to continue to pay or provide any of the compensation or benefits under Section 4.2 (other than the Accrued Benefits) and the Executive shall repay to the Company any amounts paid under Section 4.2 (other than the Accrued Benefits) after such breach occurred.

4.5.Restrictive Covenants. As an inducement and as essential consideration for the Company to enter into this Agreement, and in exchange for other good and valuable consideration, the Executive hereby agrees to the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 4.5 through 4.17 (the Restrictive Covenants). The Company and the Executive agree that the Restrictive Covenants are essential and narrowly tailored to preserve the goodwill of the business of the Company and its Affiliates, to maintain the confidential and trade secret information of the Company and its Affiliates, and to protect other legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement without the Executives agreement to the Restrictive Covenants. For purposes of the Restrictive Covenants, each reference to Company, Company Group and Affiliate, shall also refer to the predecessors and successors of the Company, the members of the Company Group and any of their respective Affiliates (as the case may be).

4.6.Non-Competition. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not, anywhere in the United States, engage in, or own, manage, operate or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of any business or entity that develops, sells or provides products or services competitive with the products or services developed, sold or provided by any member of the Company Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4.5 shall prevent the Executive from owning, as a passive investor, up to two percent (2%) of the securities of any entity that are publicly traded on a national securities exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.5 prevents the Executive from working in the pharmaceutical industry as long as such positions and activities are not competitive with the business of the Company Group.

10

4.7.Customer Non-Solicitation. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 24 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Executives employment with the Company), for purposes of providing products or services that are competitive with those provided by any member of the Company Group, on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit any customer or client of any member of the Company Group with whom the Executive had contact, solicited, or served within the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date.

4.8.Customer Non-Acceptance. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 24 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Executives employment with the Company), for purposes of providing products or services that are competitive with those provided by any member of the Company Group, on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, accept business from any customer or client of any member of the Company Group with whom the Executive had contact, solicited, or served within the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date.

4.9.Employee and Independent Contractor Non-Solicitation. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 24 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Term of Employment), on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit for employment or engagement any individual who (A) is employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group at the time of such solicitation or (B) was employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group within 12 months prior to such solicitation.

4.10.Employee and Independent Contractor Non-Acceptance. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 24 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Term of Employment), on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, employ or engage any individual who (A) is employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group at the time of such employment or engagement or (B) was employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group within twelve (12) months prior to such employment or engagement.

4.11.Non-Disparagement. During the Term of Employment and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall not, directly or through any other Person make any public or private statements (whether orally, in writing, via electronic transmission, or otherwise) that disparage, denigrate or malign the Company, any of the Companys Affiliates or any of their respective businesses, products, services, activities, operations, affairs, reputations or prospects; or any of their respective officers, employees, directors, partners (general and limited), agents, members or shareholders. For purposes of clarification, and not limitation, a statement shall be deemed to disparage, denigrate or malign a Person if such statement could be reasonably construed to adversely affect the opinion any other Person may have or form of such first Person. The foregoing limitations shall not be violated by truthful statements made by the Executive (i) to any governmental authority or (ii) which are in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings).

11

4.12.Confidentiality; Return of Property. During the Term of Employment and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall not, without the prior express written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, use on the Executives behalf or on behalf of any other Person, or divulge, disclose or make available or accessible to any Person, any Confidential Information, other than when required to do so in good faith to perform the Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder while employed by any member of the Company Group, when required to do so by a lawful order of a court of competent jurisdiction, any governmental authority or agency, or any recognized subpoena power, or in connection with reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. In the event that the Executive becomes legally compelled (by oral questions, interrogatories, request for information or documents, subpoena, criminal or civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, then prior to such disclosure, the Executive will provide the Board with prompt written notice so that the Company may seek (with the Executives cooperation) a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, then the Executive will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which is legally required, and will cooperate with the Company in the Companys efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the Confidential Information. In addition, the Executive shall not create any derivative work or other product based on or resulting from any Confidential Information (except in the good faith performance of the Executives duties under this Agreement while employed by any member of the Company Group). The Executive shall also proffer to the Boards designee, no later than the Termination Date (or upon the earlier request of the Company), and without retaining any copies, notes or excerpts thereof, all property of the Company and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, memoranda, computer disks or other media, computer programs, diaries, notes, records, data, customer or client lists, marketing plans and strategies, and any other documents consisting of or containing Confidential Information, that are in the Executives actual or constructive possession or which are subject to the Executives control at such time. To the extent the Executive has retained any such property or Confidential Information on any electronic or computer equipment belonging to the Executive or under the Executives control, the Executive agrees to so advise Company and to follow Companys instructions in permanently deleting all such property or Confidential Information and all copies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (1) for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (I) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (II) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (2) if, in connection with any lawsuit filed by the Executive for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive discloses a trade secret to Executives attorney and uses the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.

12

4.13.Ownership of Inventions. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Company Inventions (including all intellectual property rights arising therein or thereto, all rights of priority relating to patents, and all claims for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation relating thereto), and all Confidential Information, hereby are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company (collectively, the Company IP). The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that any rights arising in the Executive in any Invention Invented by the Executive, whether alone or jointly with others, during the twelve (12) months following the Termination Date and relating in any way to work performed by the Executive for any member of the Company Group during the Executives employment with or service for any member of the Company Group (Post-employment Inventions), shall hereby be deemed to be Company Inventions and the sole and exclusive property of the Company; provided, however, that the Board in its sole discretion may elect to compensate the Executive for any Post-employment Inventions. For consideration acknowledged and received, the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, conveys and sets over to the Company all of the Executives right, title and interest in and to all Company IP. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the compensation received by the Executive for employment or services provided to the Company is adequate consideration for the foregoing assignment. The Executive further agrees to disclose in writing to the CEO any Company Inventions (including, without limitation, all Post-employment Inventions), promptly following their conception or reduction to practice. Such disclosure shall be sufficiently complete in technical detail and appropriately illustrated by sketch or diagram to convey to one skilled in the art of which the Company Invention pertains, a clear understanding of the nature, purpose, operations, and other characteristics of the Company Invention. The Executive agrees to execute and deliver such deeds of assignment or other documents of conveyance and transfer as the Company may request to confirm in the Company or its designee the ownership of the Company Inventions, without compensation beyond that provided in this Agreement. The Executive further agrees, upon the request of the Company and at its expense, that the Executive will execute any other instrument and document necessary or desirable in applying for and obtaining patents in the United States and in any foreign country with respect to any Company Invention. The Executive further agrees, whether or not the Executive is then an employee or other service provider of any member of the Company Group, upon request of the Company, to provide reasonable assistance with respect to the perfection, recordation or other documentation of the assignment of Company IP hereunder, and the enforcement of the Companys rights in any Company IP, and to cooperate to the extent and in the manner reasonably requested by the Company in any litigation or other claim or proceeding (including, without limitation, the prosecution or defense of any claim involving a patent) involving any Company IP covered by this Agreement, without further compensation but all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Executive in satisfying the requirements of this Section 4.12 shall be paid by the Company or its designee. The Executive shall not, on or after the date of this Agreement, directly or indirectly challenge the validity or enforceability of the Companys ownership of, or rights with respect to, any Company IP, including, without limitation, any patent issued on, or patent application filed in respect of, any Company Invention.

13

4.14.Works for Hire. The Executive also acknowledges and agrees that all works of authorship, in any format or medium, and whether published or unpublished, created wholly or in part by the Executive, whether alone or jointly with others (and whether before, on or after the Effective Date), (i) in the course of, in connection with, or as a result of the Executives employment or other service with any member of the Company Group, (ii) at the direction or request of any member of the Company Group, or (iii) through the use of, or that is related to, facilities, equipment, Confidential Information, other Company Inventions, intellectual property or other resources of any member of the Company Group, whether or not during the Executives work hours (Works), are works made for hire as defined under United States copyright law, and that the Works (and all copyrights arising in the Works) are owned exclusively by the Company and all rights therein will automatically vest in the Company without the need for any further action by any party. To the extent any such Works are not deemed to be works made for hire, for consideration acknowledged and received, the Executive hereby waives any moral rights in such Works and the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers, conveys and sets over to the Company or its designee, without compensation beyond that provided in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to such Works, including without limitation all rights of copyright arising therein or thereto, and further agrees to execute such assignments or other deeds of conveyance and transfer as the Company may request to vest in the Company or its designee all right, title and interest in and to such Works, including all rights of copyright arising in or related to the Works.

4.15.Cooperation. During and after the Term of Employment, the Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company Group in any internal investigation, any administrative, regulatory, or judicial proceeding or any dispute with a third party concerning issues about which the Executive has knowledge or that may relate to the Executive or the Executives employment or service with any member of the Company Group. The Executives obligation to cooperate hereunder includes, without limitation, being available to the Company Group upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing in any forum at the Company Groups request to give testimony (without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process), volunteering to the Company Group pertinent information, and turning over to the Company Group all relevant documents which are or may come into the Executives possession. The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for the reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such cooperation.

4.16.Injunctive Relief. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its Affiliates will have no adequate remedy at law and would be irreparably harmed if the Executive breaches or threatens to breach any of the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive agrees that the Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to equitable and/or injunctive relief to prevent any breach or threatened breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, and to specific performance of each of the terms thereof, in each case, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies that the Company and its Affiliates may have, as well as the costs and reasonable attorneys fees it/they incur in enforcing any of the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive further agrees that (i) any breach or claimed breach of the provisions set forth in this Agreement by, or any other claim the Executive may have against, the Company or any of its Affiliates will not be a defense to enforcement of any Restrictive Covenant and (ii) the circumstances of the Executives termination of employment with the Company will have no impact on the Executives obligations to comply with any Restrictive Covenant. The Restrictive Covenants are intended for the benefit of the Company and each of its Affiliates. Each Affiliate of the Company is an intended third party beneficiary of the Restrictive Covenants, and each Affiliate of the Company, as well as any successor or assign of the Company or such Affiliate, may enforce the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive further agrees that the Restrictive Covenants are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any non-competition, non-solicitation, protection of confidential information or intellectual property, or other similar covenants in favor of the Company or any of its Affiliates by which the Executive may be bound.

4.17.Tolling During Periods of Breach. The parties hereto agree and intend that the Restrictive Covenants (to the extent not perpetual) be tolled during any period that the Executive is in breach of any such Restrictive Covenant, with such tolling to cease with respect to a Restrictive Covenant once the Executive is in compliance with such Restrictive Covenant, so that the Company and its Affiliates are provided with the full benefit of the restrictive periods set forth herein.

14

4.18.Notification of New Employer. In the event that the Executive is employed or otherwise engaged by any other Person following the Termination Date, the Executive agrees to notify, and consents to the notification by Company and its Affiliates of, such Person of the Restrictive Covenants.

5. 

Miscellaneous.

5.1.Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, applied without reference to principles of conflicts of law.

5.2.Venue. Both the Executive and the Company agree to appear before and submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Wilmington, Delaware (including the Delaware Court of Chancery) with respect to such controversy, dispute or claim; provided, however, that any relief sought under Section 4.15 may be sought in any court of competent jurisdiction. Both the Executive and the Company also agree to waive, to the fullest possible extent, the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction.

5.3.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THE EXECUTIVES EMPLOYMENT BY, OR SERVICE WITH, ANY MEMBER OF THE COMPANY GROUP OR THE TERMINATION THEREOF, OR THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, PROTECTION, INTERPRETATION, COLLECTION OR ENFORCEMENT THEREOF (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, EQUITY, TORT OR OTHERWISE).

5.4.Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

5.5.Clawback. The Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive is subject to any clawback policy of the Company as in effect from time to time, and any compensation or benefits provided under this Agreement (whether payable in cash or equity or equity-based awards) may be reduced or be subject to recoupment pursuant to any such policy as in effect from time to time.

5.6.Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state or local income taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

15

5.7.Code Section 409A Compliance.

5.7.1. The provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and any final regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (Section 409A) or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment or provision of any benefit to Executive under Section 409A (without increasing the cost to the Company).

5.7.2. To the extent that Executive will be reimbursed for costs and expenses or be provided in-kind benefits, except as otherwise permitted by Section 409A, (a) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (b) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year; provided that the foregoing clause (b) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (c) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the taxable year immediately following the taxable year in which Executive incurred the expense.

5.7.3. To the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination constitutes a Separation fromService within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean Separation from Service.

5.7.4. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Each installment payable hereunder shall constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b), including Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). Each payment that is made within the terms of the short- term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) is intended to meet the short-term deferral rule. Each other separation payment is intended to be a payment upon an involuntary termination from service and payable pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), et. seq., to the maximum extent permitted by that regulation, with any amount that is not exempt from Section 409A being subject to Section 409A.

16

5.7.5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executives termination, then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, if any, and any other severance payments or separation benefits, in either case, which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A that is payable on account of the Executives termination (other than by reason of death) (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits) that are due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executives termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in one lump sum payment on the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executives termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executives termination date, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of Executives death (but not earlier than such payment would have been made absent such death) and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.

5.7.6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any liability to the Executive or to any other Person if the payments and benefits provided in this Agreement that are intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A are not so exempt or compliant.

5.8.Excess Parachute Payments under Code Section 280G. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, if any payments (including, without limitation, any benefits or transfers of property or the acceleration of the vesting of any benefits) in the nature of compensation under any arrangement that is considered contingent on a Change of Control for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, together with any other payments that the Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any corporation that is a member of an affiliated group (as defined in Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard to Section 1504(b) of the Code) of which the Company is a member or from any other Person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), such payments may, at the Executives sole election, be reduced to the largest amount that will result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code. Any such reduction in payments shall be applied first against the latest scheduled cash payments; then current cash payments; then any equity or equity derivatives that are included under Section 280G of the Code at full value rather than accelerated value (with the highest value reduced first); then any equity or equity derivatives included under Section 280G of the Code at an accelerated value (and not at full value), with the highest value reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24); and finally any other non-cash benefits will be reduced (in the order of latest scheduled payments to earliest scheduled payments). All calculations hereunder shall be performed by a nationally recognized independent accounting firm selected by the Company, with the full cost of such firm being borne by the Company. Any determinations made by such firm shall be final and binding on the Executive and the Company.

17

5.9.Severability. The terms and provisions of this Agreement are intended to be separate and divisible provisions and if, for any reason, any one or more of them is held to be invalid or unenforceable, neither the validity nor the enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement shall thereby be affected. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the Restrictive Covenants be reasonable in duration, geographic scope and in all other respects. The Executive agrees that the Restrictive Covenants, including, without limitation, the duration, geographic scope and activity restrictions of each restriction, are reasonable in light of the Executives senior position. However, if for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction shall find any provisions of the Restrictive Covenants unreasonable in duration or geographic scope or otherwise, it is the intention of the parties that the restrictions and prohibitions contained therein shall be modified by the court to be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law in such jurisdiction.

5.10.Captions. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.

5.11.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and delivered by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission in portable document format, each of which shall be an original and which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

5.12.Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the parties and their respective Affiliates relating to such subject matter (including, without limitation, the Old Offer Letter or any other employment agreement, term sheet or offer letter).

5.13.Survivorship. The provisions of Article 1, Article 5, Section 2.1 and Sections 4.4 through 4.17 shall survive the termination of the Term of Employment, the termination of Executives employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement, in each case, in accordance with their terms.

5.14.Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign, without the Executives consent, its rights and/or delegate its obligations under this Agreement to any successor of the Company, whether by operation of law, agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, any Person who acquires all or a substantial portion of the business of the Company Group (whether direct or indirect and whether structured as a stock sale, asset sale, merger, recapitalization, consolidation or other transaction)) and, in connection with any such delegation of its obligations hereunder (but only so long as such assignee or delegee has consented in writing to be bound by the obligations hereunder) shall be released from such obligations hereunder. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Executive. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive, the Company and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

[signature page follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive and the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

CERVOMED INC. 

By: 

Name: William Elder 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: Kelly Blackburn, MHA 

EXHIBIT A

OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_803314.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_803314.htm

Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of May 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between CervoMed Inc. (the Company) and Mark De Rosch, PhD, FRAPS (the Executive).

Recitals

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into that certain offer letter, dated as of October 28, 2024, pursuant to which the Company employs Executive as an employee of the Company (the Old Offer Letter).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive each desire to amend and restate the terms of Executive employment with the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement starting the date this Agreement is entered into. For purposes of clarity, the equity Executive received from the Company prior to executing this Employment Agreement remains with Executive.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows:

Agreement

1. 

Definitions.

1.1. Affiliate means as to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, or is under common control with, or is controlled by, such first Person. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting equity interests, by contract or otherwise). For the avoidance of doubt, each member of the Company Group (other than the Company) is an Affiliate of the Company.

1.2. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

1

1.3. Cause means the Executives (i) indictment for, or entering of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or its equivalent under any applicable legal system) with respect to (A) a felony or (B) any crime involving moral turpitude; (ii) commission of fraud, misrepresentation, embezzlement or theft against any Person; (iii) engaging in any intentional activity that injures or would reasonably be expected to injure (monetarily or otherwise), in any material respect, the reputation, the business or a business relationship of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iv) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the Executives duties to the Company or its Affiliates under this Agreement, or willful refusal or failure to carry out the lawful instructions of the CEO that are consistent with the Executives title and position; (v) violation of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its Affiliates; or (vi) breach of any Restrictive Covenant (as defined below) or material breach or violation of any other provision of this Agreement, of a written policy or code of conduct of the Company or any of its Affiliates (as in effect from time to time) or any other agreement between the Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. Except when such acts constituting Cause which, by their nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, the Executive shall have twenty (20) days following the delivery of written notice by the Company of its intention to terminate the Executives employment for Cause within which to cure any acts constituting Cause. Following such 20-day cure period, the Executive shall be given five (5) business days prior written notice to appear (with or without counsel) before the full Board for the opportunity to present information regarding Executives views on the alleged Cause event. After the Company provides the original notice of its intent to terminate Executives employment for Cause, the Company may suspend the Executive from all Executives duties and responsibilities and prevent Executive from accessing the Companys or its Affiliates premises or contacting any personnel of the Company or any of its Affiliates until a final determination on the hearing is made. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Executives resignation from employment at a time when Cause exists shall be treated as a termination of employment by the Company for Cause, and no cure rights or right to be heard by the Board shall be provided.

1.4. CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

1.5. Change of Control means (i) the accumulation (if over time, in any consecutive twelve (12) month period), whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of 50.1% or more of the shares of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of shares (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation are immediately after such merger or consolidation the direct or indirect beneficial owners of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation), (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis or (iii) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, the individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of voting securities or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into voting securities directly from the Company or (B) any acquisition of voting securities or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into voting securities by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided further, that a transaction will not be a Change of Control unless it also satisfies the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), (vi) or (vii).

2

1.6. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.7. Company Group means the Company and the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company.

1.8. Company Invention means any Invention that is Invented by the Executive (alone or jointly with others) (whether before, on or after the Effective Date) (i) in the course of, in connection with, or as a result of the Executives employment or other service with any member of the Company Group, (ii) at the direction or request of any member of the Company Group, or (iii) through the use of, or that is related to, facilities, equipment, Confidential Information, other Company Inventions, intellectual property or other resources of any member of the Company Group, whether or not during the Executives work hours.

1.9. Confidential Information shall mean all information of a sensitive, confidential or proprietary nature respecting the business and activities of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates, or the predecessors and successors of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates, including, without limitation, the terms and provisions of this Agreement (except for the terms and provisions of Sections 4.4 through 4.17), and the clients, customers, suppliers, computer or other files, projects, products, computer disks or other media, computer hardware or computer software programs, marketing plans, financial information, methodologies, Inventions, know-how, research, developments, processes, practices, approaches, projections, forecasts, formats, systems, data gathering methods and/or strategies of any member of the Company Group or any of their respective Affiliates. Confidential Information also includes all information received by the Company or any other member of the Company Group under an obligation of confidentially to a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information that is generally available, or is made generally available, to the public other than as a result of a direct or indirect unauthorized disclosure by the Executive or any other Person subject to a confidentiality obligation.

1.10. Disability means that the Executive has been unable, to perform the Executives duties under this Agreement with or without a Reasonable Accommodation for a period of one hundred and twenty (120) consecutive days or for a total of one hundred and eighty (180) days (whether or not consecutive) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, as a result of injury, illness or any other physical or mental impairment.

3

1.11. Good Reason means any of the following actions taken by the Company without the Executives prior written consent: (i) a material reduction in the Executives duties, responsibilities or authority; (ii) a material reduction of the Executives Base Salary (as defined below); (iii) failure or refusal of a successor to the Company to either materially assume the Companys obligations under this Agreement or enter into a new employment agreement with the Executive on terms that are materially similar to those provided under this Agreement, in any case, in the event of a Change of Control; and/or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company which includes but is not limited to Executive work location being his home as set out below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (A) the Executive gives the Company written notice within sixty (60) days after the first occurrence of the event which the Executive believes constitutes the basis for Good Reason, specifying the particular act or failure to act which the Executive believes constitutes the basis for Good Reason, (B) the Company fails to cure such act or failure to act within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice and (C) the Executive terminates Executives employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such 30- day cure period specified in clause (B). In addition, and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in connection with a pandemic, national emergency or other event that provides (or is expected to provide) a significant disruption to the Companys business, the compensation and/or benefits set forth in this Agreement may be reduced if such reduction applies generally to the Companys officers, and no such reduction (individually or combined with any other reduction(s)) shall give rise to Good Reason or be treated as a breach of this Agreement.

1.12. Invented means made, conceived, invented, authored, or first actually reduced to practice (in any case, whether partially or fully).

1.13. Invention means any invention, formula, therapy, diagnostic technique, discovery, improvement, idea, technique, design, method, art, process, methodology, algorithm, machine, development, product, service, technology, strategy, software, work of authorship or other Works (as defined in Section 4.13), trade secret, innovation, trademark, data, database, or the like, whether or not patentable, together with all intellectual property rights therein.

1.14. Person means an individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, joint stock company, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, investment fund, any other business entity and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

1.15. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person has a direct or indirect equity ownership interest of at least 50%.

1.16. Term of Employment means the period of the Executives employment with the Company under this Agreement.

1.17. Termination Date means the date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason.

2. 

Employment.

2.1.Executives Representations. The Executive represents that (i) the Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that the Executives employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will not conflict with or result in the breach by the Executive of any agreement to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive may be bound, and does not violate any duties owed by Executive to other third parties and (ii) in connection with the Executives employment with the Company or any other member of the Company Group, the Executive will not (A) violate any noncompetition, non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement by which the Executive is or may be bound or (B) use any confidential or proprietary information that the Executive may have obtained in connection with the Executives employment or engagement with any other Person.

4

2.2.Position; Duties and Responsibilities and Work Location. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, with such duties and responsibilities that are consistent with such position as may be reasonably assigned by the CEO, his supervisor, from time to time. In addition, during the Term of Employment, the Executive shall serve in such other officer and/or director positions with any member of the Company Group (for no additional compensation) as may be reasonably determined by the Board and/or the CEO from time to time. The Executive further agrees that, during the Term of Employment, Executive shall not knowingly take any action that is contrary to, or in conflict with, the best interests of the Company Group. However, Executive may sit on a board of directors during the Term with written permission from CEO. Executives workplace will remain his home but will be required to travel to Massachusetts as business needs reasonably require.

2.3.Reporting; Outside Activities. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall report to the CEO, and the Executive shall diligently and conscientiously devote the Executives full business time, attention, energy, skill and best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may (i) continue to serve as a member of the board of any organization listed in Exhibit A hereto, (ii) serve on other boards as may be approved by the CEO in their sole discretion, (iii) engage in educational, charitable and civic activities and (iv) manage the Executives personal and business investments and affairs, so long as such activities (A) do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with the performance of the Executives duties under this Agreement and (B) are not contrary to the interests of the Company Group or competitive in any way with the Company Group. Subject to the foregoing, during the Term of Employment, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, render any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any other Person, whether for compensation or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the CEO.

3. 

Compensation and Other Benefits.

3.1.Base Salary. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall receive an initial base salary per annum of $465,000, which shall be payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices as in effect from time to time. During the Term of Employment, the Board may review the Executives then base salary and the Board may, in its sole discretion, increase (but not decrease) such base salary by an amount it determines to be appropriate. The Executives base salary, as may be in effect from time to time, is referred to herein as Base Salary.

3.2.Annual Bonus. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual performance bonus based on the achievement of the performance goals established by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion, with an annual target bonus opportunity of 35% of the Base Salary and the potential to earn a higher bonus for above target performance, with the amount of any such bonus to be determined by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion (the Annual Bonus); provided that, for the year ending December 31, 2025, the Executives Annual Bonus shall be pro-rated for the change in the Executives base salary during such year based on the number of calendar days that each such base salary was in effect. Any earned Annual Bonus shall be paid in a lump sum by no later than the first March 15th to occur after the end of the applicable performance period. Except as set forth in Section 4.2, the Executive must be employed by the Company on the bonus payment date in order to receive an earned Annual Bonus with respect to any performance period. For purposes of clarity, Executive will be eligible for an Annual Bonus for his full year worked at the annual target opportunity of 35 percent, but Executives former base salary number prior to the Term will be used for the portion of the year it was in place.

5

3.3.Equity Grants. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be eligible for additional equity or equity-based awards that may be granted to the Executive at such times, in such amounts and in such manner as the Board may determine in its sole discretion. Any such equity or equity-based awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable plan and award agreement.

3.4.Expense Reimbursement. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall reimburse the Executives reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred in connection with performing the Executives duties hereunder in accordance with its then-prevailing policies and procedures for expense reimbursement (which shall include appropriate itemization and substantiation of expenses incurred). Further, the Company will reimburse Executive up to $5000 for out-of-pocket expenses related to the negotiations of this Agreement and related documents. Payment will be made within 30 days of the execution of this Agreement.

3.5.Benefit Plans; Vacation. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all broad-based employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time for the benefit of the Companys employees (e.g., medical, dental and disability benefits) to the extent that the Executive satisfies the eligibility requirements of such plans or programs (including, without limitation, minimum hours worked) and subject to applicable law and the terms and conditions of such plans or programs; provided, however, that the Company may amend, modify or terminate any such plans or programs at any time in its discretion. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled an allotment of 25 days of paid time off per calendar year, prorated for partial years, or such greater amount provided for pursuant to the Companys paid time off policy, as in effect from time to time, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of such policy. Exeutive will also have right to indemnification and defense as set out in the Indemnification Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B.

4.Termination; Restrictive Covenants. Upon the Termination Date, the Executive shall be deemed to have immediately resigned from any and all officer, director (unless otherwise directed in writing by the Company) and other positions the Executive then holds with the Company and its Affiliates (and this Agreement shall constitute notice of resignation by the Executive without any further action by the Executive), and the Executive agrees to execute and deliver such further instruments as are requested by the Company in furtherance of the foregoing. Except as expressly provided in Section 4.2, all rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or its Affiliates shall terminate immediately upon the Termination Date.

4.1.General. The Company may terminate the Term of Employment and the Executives employment at any time, with or without Cause or due to Disability, upon written notice to the Executive. The Executive may terminate the Term of Employment and the Executives employment for Good Reason or for any other reason at any time upon not less than sixty (60) days advance written notice to the Company.. In addition, the Term of Employment and the Executives employment with the Company shall terminate immediately upon the Executives death.

6

4.2.Separation Payments.

4.2.1.General. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.2, in the event that the Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason, the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive only (i) the cash portion of the Base Salary earned but unpaid through the Termination Date, paid in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies (or at such earlier time as required by applicable law), (ii) any accrued but unused vacation in accordance with the Companys policies and applicable law, (iii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred prior to the Termination Date that are otherwise reimbursable, with such expenses to be reimbursed in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies (as may be in effect from time to time), and (iv) any vested benefits earned by the Executive under any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Affiliates under which the Executive was participating immediately prior to the Termination Date, with such benefits to be provided in accordance with the terms of the applicable employee benefit plan (the items described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, the AccruedBenefits). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 or 4.2.4, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

4.2.2.Death and Disability. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated due to the Executives death or by the Company due to Disability, in either case, during the Term of Employment, then in addition to the Accrued Benefits, and subject to Section 4.2.5, the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Annual Bonus earned in the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurred, to the extent that such Annual Bonus is unpaid as of the Termination Date, with such amount to be payable in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred (the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus); (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) if the Executive and Executives eligible dependents are eligible for, and timely elect, COBRA continuation coverage, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive (or the Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) for the COBRA premiums for the Executive and Executives eligible dependents under the Companys medical, dental and vision benefit plans for a period of 12 months immediately following the Termination Date as well as any administration fee (the COBRABenefit); provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the COBRA Benefit shall not be provided to the extent that it would result in any fine, penalty or tax on the Company or any of its Affiliates (under Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, or otherwise); provided further, that the COBRA Benefit shall cease earlier if the Executive or Executives dependents become eligible for health coverage under the health plan of another employer; and (iv) to the extent the following will not result in a violation of Section 409A, with respect to each equity award received by Executive from the Company or any of its direct or indirect parent companies that is outstanding as of the Termination Date, accelerated vesting immediately upon the Termination Date of, (I) with respect to any such equity award received in payment of Base Salary or an Annual Bonus, 100% of such equity award and, (II) with respect to any equity award not described in clause (I), the greater of (x) the portion of the unvested equity award that would have become vested within 12 months after the Termination Date had the Executive remained employed by the Company during such 12-month period (without regard for the vesting schedule set forth in any applicable plan or agreement governing such equity award) or (y) the portion of the unvested equity award that is subject to accelerated vesting (if any) upon such termination under the applicable equity plan or award agreement; provided, however, that any equity awards that are subject to the satisfaction of performance goals shall be deemed earned at not less than target performance; and provided, further, that, with respect to any equity award that is in the form of a stock option or stock appreciation right, the option or stock appreciation right shall remain outstanding and exercisable for 12 months following the Termination Date or, if longer, such period following the Termination Date as provided under the applicable equity plan or award agreement (but in no event beyond the expiration date of the applicable option or stock appreciation right). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.2, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

7

4.2.3.Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason Not In Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, and such termination is not covered by Section 4.2.4, then the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits and, subject to Section 4.2.5: (i) the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, with such amount to be payable in cash at the same time as if no such termination had occurred; (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) continuation of the Base Salary as of the Termination Date for nine months immediately following the Termination Date, with all portions of such Base Salary to be paid in cash in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies, with the first such payment to be made on the 60th day following the Termination Date and to include a catch-up covering any payroll dates between the Termination Date and the date of the first payment and (iv) the COBRA Benefit for a period of 12 months immediately following the Termination Date; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the COBRA Benefit shall not be provided to the extent that it would result in any fine, penalty or tax on the Company or any of its Affiliates (under Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, or otherwise); provided further, that the COBRA Benefit shall cease earlier if the Executive (or Executives dependents) become eligible for comparable coverage under the benefit plan of another employer. All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.3, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

8

4.2.4. 

Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason In Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, (A) upon or within 24 months following a Change of Control or (B) within 60 days prior to a Change of Control, then the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits and, subject to Section 4.2.5: (i) the Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, with such amount to be payable in cash at the same time as if no such termination had occurred; (ii) the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, but multiplied by a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed as the Companys Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management, during the fiscal year of such termination (or, with respect to the year ending December 31, 2025, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Regulatory and Government Affairs and Program Management) and (y) the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year (to be paid in cash and/or fully vested shares of the Companys common stock (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) at the same time as if no such termination had occurred); (iii) a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of Executives Base Salary (at the highest rate in effect during the 24 month period commencing on the date of such Change of Control) and the higher of Executives target Annual Bonus opportunity and the Annual Bonus paid to Executive with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurred, with such payment to be paid in cash on the first payroll date after the effective date of the release (as described in Section 4.2.5) and in all events no later than 70 days after such termination and (iv) a payment equal to 18 times the monthly COBRA premium for Executive and Executives eligible dependents (at the rate in effect for Executives coverage at the time of Executives termination, regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA coverage), with one-third of such payment to be paid in cash on the first payroll date after the effective date of the release (as described in Section 4.2.5) and in all events no later than 70 days after such termination, and with the remaining two-thirds to be paid according to the same schedule as the COBRA Benefit is provided in clause (iv) of Section 4.2.3 (i.e., in installments over 12 months immediately following the Termination Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a termination described in clause (B) of this Section 4.2.4 occurs, then the payments described in clauses (iii) and (iv) of this Section 4.2.4 shall be paid over the same nine-month period (or the same 12-month period, as applicable) and in the same manner as set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.2.3, respectively, rather than being paid in a lump sum. In addition, if (and only if), during the Term of Employment, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case, upon or within 24 months following a Change of Control, then, to the extent the following will not result in a violation of Section 409A, the Executive shall be entitled to, in addition to the Accrued Benefits and the payments set forth in the foregoing clauses through (iv), and subject to Section 4.2.5, immediate and full accelerated vesting of all equity awards received by Executive from the Company or any of its direct or indirect parent companies that are outstanding as of the Termination Date without regard for the vesting schedule set forth in any applicable plan or agreement governing such equity awards; provided that, any equity awards that are subject to the satisfaction of performance goals shall be deemed earned at not less than target performance; and provided, further, that, with respect to any equity award that is in the form of a stock option or stock appreciation right, the option or stock appreciation right shall remain outstanding and exercisable for 24 months following the Termination Date (but in no event beyond the expiration date of the applicable option or stock appreciation right). All other rights the Executive may have to compensation and employee benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, other than as set forth in this Section 4.2.4, shall immediately terminate upon the Termination Date.

9

4.2.5. 

Release Requirement. Payment and provision of the benefits set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 and 4.2.4 (other than the Accrued Benefits) is subject to the Executives (or, as applicable, the Executives estates or legal representatives) execution of a general release of claims and covenant not to sue which will not require Executive to release his rights or claims to vested benefits, vested equity and/or his rights to indemnification and defense and will not contain additional restrictive covenatns than the ones stated in this Agreement and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, such that such release becomes effective, with all revocation periods having expired unexercised, within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if payment of any of the severance benefits set forth in Sections 4.2.2, 4.2.3 or 4.2.4 (other than the Accrued Benefits) could commence in more than one taxable year based on when the release could become effective, then to the extent required by Section 409A (as defined below), any such payments that would have been made during the calendar year in which the Executives employment terminates instead shall be withheld and paid on the first payroll date in the calendar year immediately after the calendar year in which the Executives employment terminates, with all remaining payments to be made as if no such delay had occurred.

4.3.Violation of Restrictive Covenants. Without limiting the remedies provided to the Company and its Affiliates as set forth in this Article 4, upon the Executives breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants (as defined below), other than any immaterial and unintentional breach by the Executive of the confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 4.11, the Company will have no obligation to continue to pay or provide any of the compensation or benefits under Section 4.2 (other than the Accrued Benefits) and the Executive shall repay to the Company any amounts paid under Section 4.2 (other than the Accrued Benefits) after such breach occurred.

4.4.Restrictive Covenants. As an inducement and as essential consideration for the Company to enter into this Agreement, and in exchange for other good and valuable consideration, the Executive hereby agrees to the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 4.5 through 4.17 (the Restrictive Covenants). The Company and the Executive agree that the Restrictive Covenants are essential and narrowly tailored to preserve the goodwill of the business of the Company and its Affiliates, to maintain the confidential and trade secret information of the Company and its Affiliates, and to protect other legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates, and that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement without the Executives agreement to the Restrictive Covenants. For purposes of the Restrictive Covenants, each reference to Company, Company Group and Affiliate, shall also refer to the predecessors and successors of the Company, the members of the Company Group and any of their respective Affiliates (as the case may be).

10

4.5.Non-Competition. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not, anywhere in the United States, engage in, or own, manage, operate or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of any business or entity that develops, sells or provides products or services competitive with the products or services developed, sold or provided by any member of the Company Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4.5 shall prevent the Executive from owning, as a passive investor, up to two percent (2%) of the securities of any entity that are publicly traded on a national securities exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.5 prevents the Executive from working in the pharmaceutical industry as long as such positions and activities are not competitive with the business of the Company Group.

4.6.Customer Non-Solicitation. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Executives employment with the Company), for purposes of providing products or services that are competitive with those provided by any member of the Company Group, on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit any customer or client of any member of the Company Group with whom the Executive had contact, solicited, or served within the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date.

4.7.Customer Non-Acceptance. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Executives employment with the Company), for purposes of providing products or services that are competitive with those provided by any member of the Company Group, on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, accept business from any customer or client of any member of the Company Group with whom the Executive had contact, solicited, or served within the twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date.

4.8.Employee and Independent Contractor Non-Solicitation. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Term of Employment), on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit for employment or engagement any individual who (A) is employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group at the time of such solicitation or (B) was employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group within 12 months prior to such solicitation.

4.9.Employee and Independent Contractor Non-Acceptance. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 12 months after the Termination Date, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not (except on the Companys behalf during the Term of Employment), on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, employ or engage any individual who (A) is employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group at the time of such employment or engagement or (B) was employed by, or an independent contractor of, any member of the Company Group within twelve (12) months prior to such employment or engagement.

11

4.10.Non-Disparagement. During the Term of Employment and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall not, directly or through any other Person make any public or private statements (whether orally, in writing, via electronic transmission, or otherwise) that disparage, denigrate or malign the Company, any of the Companys Affiliates or any of their respective businesses, products, services, activities, operations, affairs, reputations or prospects; or any of their respective officers, employees, directors, partners (general and limited), agents, members or shareholders. For purposes of clarification, and not limitation, a statement shall be deemed to disparage, denigrate or malign a Person if such statement could be reasonably construed to adversely affect the opinion any other Person may have or form of such first Person. The foregoing limitations shall not be violated by truthful statements made by the Executive (i) to any governmental authority or (ii) which are in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings).

4.11.Confidentiality; Return of Property. During the Term of Employment and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall not, without the prior express written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, use on the Executives behalf or on behalf of any other Person, or divulge, disclose or make available or accessible to any Person, any Confidential Information, other than when required to do so in good faith to perform the Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder while employed by any member of the Company Group, when required to do so by a lawful order of a court of competent jurisdiction, any governmental authority or agency, or any recognized subpoena power, or in connection with reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. In the event that the Executive becomes legally compelled (by oral questions, interrogatories, request for information or documents, subpoena, criminal or civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, then prior to such disclosure, the Executive will provide the Board with prompt written notice so that the Company may seek (with the Executives cooperation) a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, then the Executive will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which is legally required, and will cooperate with the Company in the Companys efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the Confidential Information. In addition, the Executive shall not create any derivative work or other product based on or resulting from any Confidential Information (except in the good faith performance of the Executives duties under this Agreement while employed by any member of the Company Group). The Executive shall also proffer to the Boards designee, no later than the Termination Date (or upon the earlier request of the Company), and without retaining any copies, notes or excerpts thereof, all property of the Company and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, memoranda, computer disks or other media, computer programs, diaries, notes, records, data, customer or client lists, marketing plans and strategies, and any other documents consisting of or containing Confidential Information, that are in the Executives actual or constructive possession or which are subject to the Executives control at such time. To the extent the Executive has retained any such property or Confidential Information on any electronic or computer equipment belonging to the Executive or under the Executives control, the Executive agrees to so advise Company and to follow Companys instructions in permanently deleting all such property or Confidential Information and all copies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (1) for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (I) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (II) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (2) if, in connection with any lawsuit filed by the Executive for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive discloses a trade secret to Executives attorney and uses the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.

12

4.12.Ownership of Inventions. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Company Inventions (including all intellectual property rights arising therein or thereto, all rights of priority relating to patents, and all claims for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation relating thereto), and all Confidential Information, hereby are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company (collectively, the Company IP). The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that any rights arising in the Executive in any Invention Invented by the Executive, whether alone or jointly with others, during the twelve (12) months following the Termination Date and relating in any way to work performed by the Executive for any member of the Company Group during the Executives employment with or service for any member of the Company Group (Post-employment Inventions), shall hereby be deemed to be Company Inventions and the sole and exclusive property of the Company; provided, however, that the Board in its sole discretion may elect to compensate the Executive for any Post-employment Inventions. For consideration acknowledged and received, the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, conveys and sets over to the Company all of the Executives right, title and interest in and to all Company IP. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the compensation received by the Executive for employment or services provided to the Company is adequate consideration for the foregoing assignment. The Executive further agrees to disclose in writing to the CEO any Company Inventions (including, without limitation, all Post-employment Inventions), promptly following their conception or reduction to practice. Such disclosure shall be sufficiently complete in technical detail and appropriately illustrated by sketch or diagram to convey to one skilled in the art of which the Company Invention pertains, a clear understanding of the nature, purpose, operations, and other characteristics of the Company Invention. The Executive agrees to execute and deliver such deeds of assignment or other documents of conveyance and transfer as the Company may request to confirm in the Company or its designee the ownership of the Company Inventions, without compensation beyond that provided in this Agreement. The Executive further agrees, upon the request of the Company and at its expense, that the Executive will execute any other instrument and document necessary or desirable in applying for and obtaining patents in the United States and in any foreign country with respect to any Company Invention. The Executive further agrees, whether or not the Executive is then an employee or other service provider of any member of the Company Group, upon request of the Company, to provide reasonable assistance with respect to the perfection, recordation or other documentation of the assignment of Company IP hereunder, and the enforcement of the Companys rights in any Company IP, and to cooperate to the extent and in the manner reasonably requested by the Company in any litigation or other claim or proceeding (including, without limitation, the prosecution or defense of any claim involving a patent) involving any Company IP covered by this Agreement, without further compensation but all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Executive in satisfying the requirements of this Section 4.12 shall be paid by the Company or its designee. The Executive shall not, on or after the date of this Agreement, directly or indirectly challenge the validity or enforceability of the Companys ownership of, or rights with respect to, any Company IP, including, without limitation, any patent issued on, or patent application filed in respect of, any Company Invention.

13

4.13.Works for Hire. The Executive also acknowledges and agrees that all works of authorship, in any format or medium, and whether published or unpublished, created wholly or in part by the Executive, whether alone or jointly with others (and whether before, on or after the Effective Date), (i) in the course of, in connection with, or as a result of the Executives employment or other service with any member of the Company Group, (ii) at the direction or request of any member of the Company Group, or (iii) through the use of, or that is related to, facilities, equipment, Confidential Information, other Company Inventions, intellectual property or other resources of any member of the Company Group, whether or not during the Executives work hours (Works), are works made for hire as defined under United States copyright law, and that the Works (and all copyrights arising in the Works) are owned exclusively by the Company and all rights therein will automatically vest in the Company without the need for any further action by any party. To the extent any such Works are not deemed to be works made for hire, for consideration acknowledged and received, the Executive hereby waives any moral rights in such Works and the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers, conveys and sets over to the Company or its designee, without compensation beyond that provided in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to such Works, including without limitation all rights of copyright arising therein or thereto, and further agrees to execute such assignments or other deeds of conveyance and transfer as the Company may request to vest in the Company or its designee all right, title and interest in and to such Works, including all rights of copyright arising in or related to the Works.

4.14.Cooperation. During and after the Term of Employment, the Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company Group in any internal investigation, any administrative, regulatory, or judicial proceeding or any dispute with a third party concerning issues about which the Executive has knowledge or that may relate to the Executive or the Executives employment or service with any member of the Company Group. The Executives obligation to cooperate hereunder includes, without limitation, being available to the Company Group upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing in any forum at the Company Groups request to give testimony (without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process), volunteering to the Company Group pertinent information, and turning over to the Company Group all relevant documents which are or may come into the Executives possession. The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for the reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such cooperation.

14

4.15.Injunctive Relief. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its Affiliates will have no adequate remedy at law and would be irreparably harmed if the Executive breaches or threatens to breach any of the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive agrees that the Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to seek equitable and/or injunctive relief to prevent any breach or threatened breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, and to specific performance of each of the terms thereof, in each case, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies that the Company and its Affiliates may have, as well as the costs and reasonable attorneys fees it/they incur in enforcing any of the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive further agrees that (i) any breach or claimed breach of the provisions set forth in this Agreement by, or any other claim the Executive may have against, the Company or any of its Affiliates will not be a defense to enforcement of any Restrictive Covenant and (ii) the circumstances of the Executives termination of employment with the Company will have no impact on the Executives obligations to comply with any Restrictive Covenant. The Restrictive Covenants are intended for the benefit of the Company and each of its Affiliates. Each Affiliate of the Company is an intended third party beneficiary of the Restrictive Covenants, and each Affiliate of the Company, as well as any successor or assign of the Company or such Affiliate, may enforce the Restrictive Covenants. The Executive further agrees that the Restrictive Covenants are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any non-competition, non-solicitation, protection of confidential information or intellectual property, or other similar covenants in favor of the Company or any of its Affiliates by which the Executive may be bound.

4.16.Tolling During Periods of Breach. The parties hereto agree and intend that the Restrictive Covenants (to the extent not perpetual) be tolled during any period that the Executive is in breach of any such Restrictive Covenant, with such tolling to cease with respect to a Restrictive Covenant once the Executive is in compliance with such Restrictive Covenant, so that the Company and its Affiliates are provided with the full benefit of the restrictive periods set forth herein.

4.17.Notification of New Employer. In the event that the Executive is employed or otherwise engaged by any other Person following the Termination Date, the Executive agrees to notify, and consents to the notification by Company and its Affiliates of, such Person of the Restrictive Covenants and sharing the relevant parts of this Agreement to any actual or potential Person does not violate any obligation to the Company.

5. 

Miscellaneous.

5.1.Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, applied without reference to principles of conflicts of law.

5.2.Venue. Both the Executive and the Company agree to appear before and submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Wilmington, Delaware (including the Delaware Court of Chancery) with respect to such controversy, dispute or claim; provided, however, that any relief sought under Section 4.15 may be sought in any court of competent jurisdiction. Both the Executive and the Company also agree to waive, to the fullest possible extent, the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction.

5.3.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING OUT OF THE EXECUTIVES EMPLOYMENT BY, OR SERVICE WITH, ANY MEMBER OF THE COMPANY GROUP OR THE TERMINATION THEREOF, OR THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, PROTECTION, INTERPRETATION, COLLECTION OR ENFORCEMENT THEREOF (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, EQUITY, TORT OR OTHERWISE).

15

5.4.Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

5.5.Clawback. The Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive is subject to any clawback policy of the Company as in effect from time to time, and any compensation or benefits provided under this Agreement (whether payable in cash or equity or equity-based awards) may be reduced or be subject to recoupment pursuant to any such policy as in effect from time to time. All clawback policies of the Company will be communicated with Executive.

5.6.Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state or local income taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

5.7. Code Section 409A Compliance.

5.7.1. The provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and any final regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (Section 409A) or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment or provision of any benefit to Executive under Section 409A (without increasing the cost to the Company).

5.7.2. To the extent that Executive will be reimbursed for costs and expenses or be provided in-kind benefits, except as otherwise permitted by Section 409A, (a) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (b) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year; provided that the foregoing clause (b) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (c) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the taxable year immediately following the taxable year in which Executive incurred the expense.

5.7.3. To the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination constitutes a Separation fromService within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean Separation from Service.

16

5.7.4. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Each installment payable hereunder shall constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b), including Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). Each payment that is made within the terms of the short- term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) is intended to meet the short-term deferral rule. Each other separation payment is intended to be a payment upon an involuntary termination from service and payable pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), et. seq., to the maximum extent permitted by that regulation, with any amount that is not exempt from Section 409A being subject to Section 409A.

5.7.5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executives termination, then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, if any, and any other severance payments or separation benefits, in either case, which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A that is payable on account of the Executives termination (other than by reason of death) (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits) that are due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executives termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in one lump sum payment on the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executives termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executives termination date, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of Executives death (but not earlier than such payment would have been made absent such death) and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.

5.7.6. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any liability to the Executive or to any other Person if the payments and benefits provided in this Agreement that are intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A are not so exempt or compliant.

17

5.8.Excess Parachute Payments under Code Section 280G. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, if any payments (including, without limitation, any benefits or transfers of property or the acceleration of the vesting of any benefits) in the nature of compensation under any arrangement that is considered contingent on a Change of Control for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, together with any other payments that the Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any corporation that is a member of an affiliated group (as defined in Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard to Section 1504(b) of the Code) of which the Company is a member or from any other Person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), such payments may, at the Executives sole election, be reduced to the largest amount that will result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code. Any such reduction in payments shall be applied first against the latest scheduled cash payments; then current cash payments; then any equity or equity derivatives that are included under Section 280G of the Code at full value rather than accelerated value (with the highest value reduced first); then any equity or equity derivatives included under Section 280G of the Code at an accelerated value (and not at full value), with the highest value reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24); and finally any other non-cash benefits will be reduced (in the order of latest scheduled payments to earliest scheduled payments). All calculations hereunder shall be performed by a nationally recognized independent accounting firm selected by the Company, with the full cost of such firm being borne by the Company. Any determinations made by such firm shall be final and binding on the Executive and the Company.

5.9.Severability. The terms and provisions of this Agreement are intended to be separate and divisible provisions and if, for any reason, any one or more of them is held to be invalid or unenforceable, neither the validity nor the enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement shall thereby be affected. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the Restrictive Covenants be reasonable in duration, geographic scope and in all other respects. The Executive agrees that the Restrictive Covenants, including, without limitation, the duration, geographic scope and activity restrictions of each restriction, are reasonable in light of the Executives senior position. However, if for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction shall find any provisions of the Restrictive Covenants unreasonable in duration or geographic scope or otherwise, it is the intention of the parties that the restrictions and prohibitions contained therein shall be modified by the court to be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law in such jurisdiction.

5.10.Captions. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.

5.11.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and delivered by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission in portable document format, each of which shall be an original and which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

5.12.Entire Agreement. This Agreement Executives equity agreements and Exhibit B hereto contains the entire agreement concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the parties and their respective Affiliates relating to such subject matter (including, without limitation, the Old Offer Letter or any other employment agreement, term sheet or offer letter).

5.13.Survivorship. The provisions of Article 1, Article 5, Section 2.1 and Sections 4.4 through 4.17 shall survive the termination of the Term of Employment, the termination of Executives employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement, in each case, in accordance with their terms.

5.14.Successors and Assigns. The Company must assign, without the Executives consent, its rights and/or delegate its obligations under this Agreement to any successor of the Company, whether by operation of law, agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, any Person who acquires all or a substantial portion of the business of the Company Group (whether direct or indirect and whether structured as a stock sale, asset sale, merger, recapitalization, consolidation or other transaction)) and, in connection with any such delegation of its obligations hereunder (but only so long as such assignee or delegee has consented in writing to be bound by the obligations hereunder) shall be released from such obligations hereunder. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Executive. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive, the Company and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

[signature page follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive and the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

CERVOMED INC. 

By: 

Name: William Elder 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: Mark De Rosch, PhD, FRAPS 

EXHIBIT A

OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_803315.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_803315.htm

Exhibit 10.3

[_____], 2025

Separation Agreement

The proposed terms and conditions of your separation from employment are as follows:

1. Your separation from CervoMed is effective as of the Separation Date.

2. If you elect to sign this Agreement, you will be eligible for the following payments and benefits (in addition to those stated above) in exchange for your undertakings set forth in Paragraph 3 below:

a. Separation payments under Section 4.2.3 of your Amended & Restated Employment Agreement with CervoMed effective February 1, 2024 (the Employment Agreement). More specifically:

(i) 

twelve (12) months pay at a gross annual rate of Four Hundred Seventy-Nine Thousand Seven Hundred Twenty-Three Dollars ($479,723), subject to lawful deductions, with such net amount to be paid in cash as a lump-sum on the first Company payroll date after the Effective Date (as defined below);

(ii) 

a lump-sum amount equal to One Hundred Nineteen Thousand Six Hundred Two Dollars ($119,602), subject to lawful deductions, to compensate you for the Annual Bonus for the year ending December 31, 2025 pro-rated through the Separation Date, with such net amount to be paid in cash as a lump-sum on the first Company payroll date after the Effective Date;

(iii) 

in lieu of the COBRA Benefit (as defined in your Employment Agreement), a lump-sum amount equal to $[_______], subject to lawful deductions, representing potential future premium payments for continued coverage in the Companys group health plans pursuant to the Massachusetts Mini-COBRA law (G.L. c. 176J, 9), to be paid in cash as a lump-sum on the first Company payroll date after the Effective Date

The Employment Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 1.

b. You have been granted stock options in accordance with Stock Option Agreements dated as of January 7, 2020; June 17, 2020; September 8, 2020; March 1, 2021; March 1, 2021; January 27, 2022; September 15, 2023; January 26, 2024; and January 26, 2024 (collectively, Stock Options). Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable Stock Option award agreement, each Stock Option will continue to vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in the applicable Stock Option award agreement and, to the extent vested or upon vesting, shall remain exercisable, in each case, until 5:00 pm Eastern Time on September 30, 2026.

3. (a) In consideration for CervoMed's undertakings set forth above in Paragraph 2, you agree, intending to be legally bound, to release and forever discharge CervoMed, from any and all causes of action or claims of any kind, known or unknown, which you now have or hereafter may have against CervoMed arising out of any matter, occurrence or event existing or occurring prior to the execution of this Agreement, including, without limitation:

-any claims relating to or arising out of your employment with and/or termination of employment by CervoMed;

-any claims of retaliation, or of discrimination and/or harassment based on sex, pregnancy, military/veterans status, race, religion, color, creed, disability, handicap, citizenship, national origin, age, or any other factor prohibited by federal, state, or local law, such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA);

-any claims for retaliation or wrongful discharge;

-any claims under the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, also known as the Sarbanes Oxley Act;

-any claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA);

- any claims under the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act;

-any claims under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA);

-any claims under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA);

-any claims under the False Claims Act;

-any claims for overtime;

-any claims for unpaid or withheld wages, severance, benefits, bonuses and/or other compensation of any kind;

-any claims for attorneys fees, costs, or expenses;

-any other statutory or common law claims, now existing or hereinafter recognized, including, but not limited to, breach of contract (including, but not limited to, under the Employment Agreement), quasi-contract, detrimental reliance, libel, slander, fraud, wrongful discharge, promissory estoppel, equitable estoppel, misrepresentation or intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence, and/or gross negligence;

-any claims under the Connecticut Fair Employment Practices Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. 46a-51, et seq.;

2

-any claims under the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Law, the Massachusetts Family and Medical Leave Law, claims for unpaid minimum wages and/or overtime under the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wage Law, the Massachusetts Meal Break Law, the Massachusetts Earned Sick Time Law, the Massachusetts Domestic Violence Leave Act, the Massachusetts Privacy Statute, the Massachusetts Sexual Harassment Statute, claims for unpaid wages, commissions, bonuses, and/or any other form of compensation under the Massachusetts Wage Act including specifically (but without limitation) all claims under the Wage Act for (a) non-payment of wages (M.G.L. c. 149, 148), (b) retaliation (M.G.L. c. 149, 148A), and (c) misclassification (M.G.L. c. 149, 148B), the Massachusetts Prevailing Wage Act, other claims that may be released under Massachusetts labor statutes, M.G.L. c. 149, the Massachusetts Non-Competition Agreement Act, the Massachusetts Parental Leave Act, and the Massachusetts Pregnant Workers Fairness Act; and

- any claims under the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act; the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act; and the Pennsylvania Whistleblower Law.

The identification of specific statutes is for purposes of example only, and the omission of any specific statute or law shall not limit the scope of this general release in any way.

You acknowledge that this release shall not extend or apply to any claims that cannot be released by private agreement under applicable law, nor does it apply to claims that arise after the execution of this Agreement.

(b) The release in Paragraph 3 applies fully to protect the members, directors, owners, shareholders, partners, officers, employees, and agents, and any benefit plans of CervoMed and its parent, subsidiaries, and/or affiliates and their past and present members, directors, owners, stockholders, partners, officers, employees, agents, and representatives of any kind including any benefit plans of CervoMed and/or its affiliates (Releasees). Further, the release in Paragraph 3 applies fully to release the rights of your heirs, agents, attorneys, successors, assigns, and spouse concerning your employment or its termination.

4. Paragraph 3 above does not apply to any claims to enforce this Agreement.

5. You shall not be eligible for any CervoMed-paid compensation or benefits subsequent to the effective date of the termination of your employment, except as set forth in this letter and Agreement. By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you have been paid all wages, bonuses, commissions, leave, stock options, stock, benefits and other compensation due and owing to you from CervoMed, including without limitation all accrued but unused vacation time, holiday time and PTO, and you agree to make no claims for any further wages, bonuses, commissions, leave, benefits and other compensation. Further, you acknowledge and agree that CervoMeds undertakings in Paragraph 2 above are not required by any policy, plan, or prior agreement (except the Employment Agreement, and subject to its conditions), and that you would not receive the consideration specified in Paragraph 2 except for your execution of this Agreement and the fulfillment of the promises contained herein.

6. (a) Except as stated in Paragraph 6(b) below, this Agreement embodies the complete understanding and agreement between you and CervoMed, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, oral or written, express or implied. This Agreement may not be modified, altered or changed except upon express written consent of both you and CervoMed, making specific reference to this Agreement. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect.

3

(b)(i) The parties entered into the Employment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1. The provisions of the Employment Agreement that apply to the parties after the end of your employment, will apply to the parties after the end of your employment on the Separation Date (including, without limitation, Sections 4.3 through 4.17 and Section 5 thereof). You acknowledge that you have been (or will be under this Separation Agreement) paid in full all compensation owed to you by CervoMed as an employee under that Employment Agreement. You further acknowledge that you will be paid no money by CervoMed, except as stated in Paragraph 2 of this Separation Agreement.

(b)(ii) The parties entered into agreements as of various dates with respect to your Stock Options (copies of which Stock Option Agreements have been provided to you contemporaneous with this Separation Agreement). Your rights and obligations as to your Stock Options will continue to be controlled by the Stock Option Agreements and related 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, except as expressly stated in Paragraph 2 above. You acknowledge that you shall have no further right to acquire any further stock options, common stock, equity or other interest in CervoMed.

7. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

8. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission or concession of liability or wrongdoing by you or by CervoMed. Rather, the proposed Agreement is being offered for the sole purpose of resolving and concluding amicably all possible matters between us.

9. (a) You agree that, at all times, the terms of Paragraph 2 of this Agreement will be kept secret and confidential and will not be disclosed voluntarily to any third party, except to the extent required by law, to enforce this Agreement, or to an attorney, accountant, and/or tax advisor with whom you consult regarding your consideration of this Agreement;

(b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict you from (a) making any disclosure of information required by law; (b) providing documents or information to, or testifying or otherwise assisting or responding to enquiries in connection with any investigation or proceeding brought by any federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, and any self-regulatory organization, or CervoMed's legal or compliance departments, or otherwise requires you to notify the Company of your communications with or inquiries regarding the foregoing; (c) testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding or investigation relating to alleged violation of Sarbanes-Oxley Act or any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, whistleblowing, or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any self-regulatory organization, or your right to receive an award for information provided in connection with the foregoing, or (d) filing a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or state or local equivalent, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission.

4

10. Except as set forth herein with respect to computers and electronic equipment, you represent that you have returned to CervoMed all documents, materials, and any other property or data which are the property of CervoMed . You agree that this Paragraph 10 is a material term of this Agreement and that compliance with this Paragraph 10 no later than [______] is a condition of you receiving the payments and benefits described in Paragraph 2 above.

11. You may revoke this Agreement for a period of seven (7) days following the day you sign it. If you revoke it, you must do so in writing and the writing must be received within those seven (7) days by John Alam at the e-mail address set forth below. This Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until this revocation period has expired (such date, the Effective Date).

12. You agree to cooperate with the Company Group (as defined in your Employment Agreement) in any internal investigation, any administrative, regulatory, or judicial proceeding or any dispute with a third party concerning issues about which you have knowledge or that may relate to you or your employment or service with any member of the Company Group. Your obligation to cooperate hereunder includes, without limitation, being available to the Company Group upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing in any forum at the Company Groups request to give testimony (without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process), volunteering to the Company Group pertinent information, and turning over to the Company Group all relevant documents which are or may come into your possession. The Company will promptly reimburse you for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you in connection with such cooperation.

13. Taxation and Section 409A. All payments made to you under this Agreement are subject to withholding for all applicable income and employment taxes. All amounts payable under this Agreement are intended to comply with the short term deferral exception from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (Section 409A) specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) (or any successor provision) or the separation pay plan exception specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9) (or any successor provision), or both of them, and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the applicable exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amounts payable in accordance with this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in such a way as to comply with Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Each installment payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation for purposes of applying Section 409A. Termination of employment, resignation, or words of similar import as used in this Agreement shall mean, with respect to any payments subject to Section 409A, your separation from service as defined by Section 409A. If payment of any amount subject to Section 409A is triggered by a separation from service that occurs while you are a specified employee (as defined by Section 409A), and if such amount is scheduled to be paid within six (6) months after such separation from service, the amount shall accrue without interest and shall be paid the first business day after the end of such six-month period, or, if earlier, within 30 days following your death. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax treatment to you. You shall be solely responsible for the tax consequences with respect to all amounts payable under this Agreement, and in no event shall CervoMed have any responsibility or liability if this Agreement does not meet any applicable requirements of Section 409A.

5

14. You agree and represent that:

-you have read carefully the terms of this Agreement, including the General Release;

-you have had an opportunity to and have been encouraged to review this Agreement, including the General Release, with an attorney;

-you understand the meaning and effect of the terms of this Agreement, including the General Release;

-you were given as much time as you needed to determine whether you wished to enter into this Agreement, including the General Release;

- you understands that any modifications, material or otherwise, made to this Agreement, do not restart or affect in any manner the original 21-day review period referenced herein;

-the entry into and execution of this Agreement, including the General Release, is of your own free and voluntary act without compulsion of any kind; and

-no promise or inducement not expressed herein has been made to you.

If you agree with the proposed terms of the Agreement as set forth above, please sign this letter, indicating your understanding and agreement to be bound, and send the signed Agreement to me, John Alam, at the e-mail address set forth below. If you sign this Agreement prior to the Separation Date, you agree (i) you will continue to diligently and conscientiously devote the your business time, attention, energy, skill, and best efforts to the business and affairs of CervoMed through the Separation Date, (ii) to sign a Supplemental Separation Agreement and General Release which will restate the terms of the Release through and including the Separation Date and (iii) that CervoMeds obligations with respect to the Separation Payment will not apply until and unless you sign such Supplemental Separation Agreement and General Release.

6

Very truly yours,

CERVOMED INC.

BY: _________________

John Alam

President & Chief Executive Officer

E-mail: [__________________]

I UNDERSTAND THE SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND HEREBY AGREE TO ENTER INTO IT AND BE LEGALLY BOUND BY IT:

Robert J. Cobuzzi, Jr., Ph.D.

Date signed:______________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>crvo-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>crvo-20250414_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>crvo-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>crvo-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Apr. 14, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name CervoMed Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-37942

Entity, Tax Identification Number 30-0645032

Entity, Address, Address Line One 20 Park Plaza, Suite 424

Entity, Address, City or Town Boston

Entity, Address, State or Province MA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 744-4400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol CRVO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001053691

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.crvo.com/20250414/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

crvo-20250414.xsd 
crvo-20250414_def.xml 
crvo-20250414_lab.xml 
crvo-20250414_pre.xml 
crvo20250417_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-012337-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>crvo20250417_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001053691 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

false 
0001053691 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
CervoMed Inc. 
DE 
001-37942 
30-0645032 
20 Park Plaza, Suite 424 
Boston 
MA 
02116 
617 
744-4400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
CRVO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>