<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003054.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003054.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANGOCEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001938046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				873841292
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41615
		FILM NUMBER:		25542853

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 626-4679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193804600019380462025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January
15, 2025

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-41615 87-3841292

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

15110
N. Dallas Parkway,
Suite
600

Dallas,
Texas 75248

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (214)242-9619

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share MGRX 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq
Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Debt
Conversion Agreement

On
January 15, 2025, Mangoceuticals, Inc. (the Company, we and us) entered
into a Debt Conversion Agreement (the Debt Conversion Agreement) with Mill End Capital Ltd. (Mill End),
which entity was owed $150,000 from the Company pursuant to that certain outstanding Promissory Note dated October 18, 2024 (the Promissory
Note), originally issued to Cohen Enterprises, Inc., which is owned and controlled by Jacob Cohen, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman (Cohen Enterprises), and acquired by Mill End from Cohen Enterprises on December 13, 2024, for $150,000.

Pursuant
to the Debt Conversion Agreement, the Company and Mill End agreed to convert the entire $150,000 owed by the Company to Mill End under
the Promissory Note (the Converted Note), into an aggregate of 100,000 shares of restricted common stock of the
Company (the Debt Conversion Shares), based on an agreed conversion price of $1.50 per share.

Pursuant
to the Debt Conversion Agreement, which included customary representations and warranties of the parties, Mill End agreed that the shares
of common stock issuable in connection therewith were in full and complete satisfaction of amounts owed under the Converted Note.

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Debt Conversion Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Debt Conversion Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated in this
Item 1.01 by reference in its entirety.

Consulting
Agreement

In
connection with the appointment of Mr. Antonios Isaac as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company and as President of the Company,
as discussed in greater detail in Item 5.02, below, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Mr. Isaac on January
15, 2025 (the Isaac Consulting Agreement).

Pursuant
to the Isaac Consulting Agreement, Mr. Isaac agreed to serve as the President of the Company and to provide services to the Company as
reasonably requested during the term of the Isaac Consulting Agreement, which is 12 months. As consideration for the services to be provided
by Mr. Isaac under the Isaac Consulting Agreement, the Company agreed to pay him $10,000 per month.

Pursuant
to the Isaac Consulting Agreement, we agreed to reimburse Mr. Isaacs expenses, subject to pre-approval for any expense greater
than $500.

The
Isaac Consulting Agreement may be terminated prior to the end of the term (i) with the mutual approval of the parties; (ii) with written
notice by the non-breaching party, upon the breach of the agreement by the other party, and the failure to cure such breach within 30
days; or (iii) by Mr. Isaac, at any time, for any reason. The Company may also terminate Mr. Isaacs position as President of the
Company at any time, for any reason, which shall not operate as a termination of the Isaac Consulting Agreement, but shall only result
in a termination of Mr. Isaacs role as President of the Company. The Company may also immediately terminate the Isaac Consulting
Agreement for Cause upon written notice of termination to Mr. Isaac, with the particular Cause being specified in such notice. With respect
to a termination by the Company, Cause means any of the following in the Companys reasonable judgment: (i)
Mr. Isaacs act or acts amounting to gross negligence or willful misconduct to the detriment of the Company; (ii) Mr. Isaacs
fraud or embezzlement of funds or property, or misappropriation involving the Companys assets, business, customers, suppliers,
or employees; (iii) Mr. Isaacs failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement; (iv) Mr.
Isaacs willful failure to comply with a lawful directive of the Companys Board of Directors; (v) Mr. Isaacs failure
to comply with any of the Companys written policies and procedures; or (vi) Mr. Isaacs conviction of, or plea of guilty
or nolo contendere to a felony.

The
Isaac Consulting Agreement also contains standard assignment of inventions, indemnification and confidentiality provisions, subject to
customary exceptions. Further, Mr. Isaac is subject to certain non-solicitation covenants during the term of the agreement and for 12
months thereafter.

Mr.
Isaac is also eligible for discretionary equity bonuses and/or cash awards, from time to time in the discretion of the Compensation Committee
and/or Board of Directors.

Mr.
Isaacs compensation under the Isaac Consulting Agreement may be increased from time to time, by the Compensation Committee, or
the Board of Directors (with the recommendation of the Compensation Committee), which increases do not require the entry into an amended
Isaac Consulting Agreement.

The
description of the Isaac Consulting Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Isaac Consulting
Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2, and which is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02
in its entirety.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information and disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above are incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference in their entirety.
The Company claims an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for the issuance of the Debt Conversion Shares, since the offer and sale
of such shares did not involve a public offering and the recipient was an accredited investor. The securities were
offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives. No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing issuances
and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions, and the securities contain
an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent
registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may
not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws.

As
described in greater detail in the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
on April 11, 2024 (the April 2024 Form 8-K), July 2, 2024 (the July 2024 Form 8-K), August 23, 2024 (the August 2024 Form 8-K) and September 27, 2024 (the September 2024 Form 8-K), the
Company is party to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 4, 2024, and amended April 28, 2024 (as amended, the SPA),
with an institutional accredited investor (the Purchaser), pursuant to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase 2,500
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (Series B Preferred Stock) of the Company, and certain warrants.

The
sale of a total of 1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock in a fourth closing under the SPA (the Fourth Closing),
was subject to certain conditions to closing, of which 500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were sold on August 22, 2024, as discussed
in the August 2024 Form 8-K, and 250 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were sold on September 26, 2024, as discussed in the September
2024 Form 8-K.

On
January 15, 2025, the Company sold the Purchaser the final 250 shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the Final Fourth Closing
Shares) for $250,000 in connection with a partial and final closing of the Fourth Closing.

The
Series B Preferred Stock each have an initial stated value of $1,100 per share, and as a result, the effective purchase price of the
Series B Preferred Stock shares sold is a 10% discount to the stated value thereof.

The
Companys stockholders at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 17, 2024, approved the issuance of more than 19.99%
of our outstanding common stock upon the conversion of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock sold under the SPA and upon the exercise
of warrants sold under the SPA in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d).

The
rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock are described in greater detail in the April 2024 Form 8-K and July 2024 Form 8-K, which description is incorporated by reference herein.

The
issuance of the Final Fourth Closing Shares were exempt from registration pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by, Section
4(a)(2), and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act, since the foregoing issuance did not involve a public offering, the recipient
took the securities for investment and not resale, we took appropriate measures to restrict transfer, and the recipient was (a) an accredited
investor; and/or (b) had access to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement
under the Securities Act. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions, and the securities contain an appropriate legend stating
that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant
to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold
in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities
laws.

If
the 250 Final Fourth Closing Shares were converted in full, without factoring in any dividends which can be paid in-kind, a maximum of
183,333 shares of common stock would be due to the holder thereof, based on a floor price of $1.50 per share (see also Item 8.01,
below).

If
the other 2,520 outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (when not taking into account the Final Fourth Closing Shares), were converted
in full, without factoring in any dividends which can be paid in-kind, a maximum of 1,848,000 shares of common stock would be due to
the holder thereof, based on a floor price of $1.50 per share (see also Item 8.01, below).

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Appointment
of President and Director

On
January 15, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company, with the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Board of Directors, increased the number of members of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company
from four (4) to five (5), and appointed Antonios Isaac as a member of the Board and as President of the Company, which appointments
were effective the same day. Mr. Issac will serve as a member of the Board until the Companys 2025 annual meeting of shareholders,
until his successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Isaac was not independent pursuant to the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market,
due to his position as President of the Company and Mr. Isaac was not appointed to any committees of the Board.

Mr.
Isaac is not party to any material plan, contract or arrangement (whether or not written) with the Company, except for the Consulting
Agreement (discussed and described above in Item 1.01), and there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Isaac and
any other person pursuant to which Mr. Isaac was selected to serve as a director of the Company, nor is Mr. Isaac a participant in any
related party transaction required to be reported pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

There
are no family relationships between any director or executive officer of the Company, including Mr. Isaac.

Biographical
information for Mr. Isaac is provided below:

Antonios
Isaac, age 70

Mr.
Isaac has been a director of Alt5 Sigma (Nasdaq: ALTS), which operates a next generation blockchain platform, since May 2015, Chief Executive
Officer of Alt5 Sigma since May 2016, and President of Alt5 Sigma since August 2024. Mr. Isaac served as Financial Planning and Strategist/Economist
of Live Ventures Incorporated (Nasdaq: LIVE), a holding company for diversified businesses, from March 2012 to May 2015. He is the Chairman
and Co-Founder of the Isaac Organization, a privately held investment company.

Mr.
Isaac has invested in various companies, both private and public, from 1981 to the present. His specialty is negotiation and problem-solving
in complex real estate and business transactions. Mr. Isaac has served as a director of Live Ventures Incorporated since December 2011.
He graduated from Ottawa University in 1981, where he majored in Commerce, Business Administration, and Economics.

We
have concluded that Mr. Isaac is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors based upon his significant business experience and
public company background and knowledge.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

As
a result of the conversion of the Promissory Note, pursuant to the terms of the Debt Conversion Agreement, at a conversion price of $1.50
per share, the exercise price of those certain common stock warrants issued by the Company in connection with its December 2025 Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock offering (warrants to purchase up to 1,650,000 shares of common stock with exercise prices from between
$2.59 and $2.71 per share); and those certain common stock warrants to purchase 320,000 shares of common stock granted to the Purchaser
in connection with the SPA (with an exercise price of $2.53 per share), were automatically re-priced pursuant to the anti-dilutive terms
thereof, to have an exercise price equal to the Conversion Price of the Debt Conversion Agreement, $1.50 per share, effective upon the
date of the Debt Conversion Agreement.

Additionally,
as a result of the conversion of the Promissory Note, pursuant to the terms of the Debt Conversion Agreement, at a conversion price of
$1.50 per share, the conversion price of the Companys Series B Preferred Stock was automatically adjusted, pursuant to the designation
of such Series B Preferred Stock, to have a conversion price of $1.50 per share, effective upon the date of the Debt Conversion Agreement.

Item
9.01 Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* Debt Conversion Agreement dated January 15, 2025, between Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

10.2* Consulting Agreement dated January 15, 2025, between Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Antonios Isaac

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

*
Filed herewith.

Represents management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

Date:
January 21, 2025 By: /s/
Jacob D. Cohen

Jacob
D. Cohen

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

DEBT
CONVERSION AGREEMENT

This
Debt Conversion Agreement (this Agreement) dated and effective January 15, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is by and between, Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company), and Mill
End Capital Ltd., a British Virgin Islands limited company (the Creditor), each a Party
and collectively the Parties.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
as of the date of this Agreement, the Company owes Creditor $150,000 (the Debt) pursuant to the terms of
that certain Promissory Note dated October 18, 2024 (the Note), originally entered into between the Company
and Cohen Enterprises, Inc. (Cohen Enterprises), the rights to which were acquired by the Creditor from Cohen
Enterprises, on December 13, 2024, pursuant to a Debt Purchase Agreement dated December 13, 2024;

WHEREAS,
the Creditor and the Company desire to convert the entire Debt owed under the Note into shares of the Companys restricted common
stock, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement set forth below (the Conversion); and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Creditor desire to set forth in writing herein the terms and conditions of their agreement and understanding concerning
Conversion.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the Parties, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Consideration.

(a)
Effective on the Effective Date, and in consideration and in full satisfaction of the forgiveness of the Debt and payment in full of
the Note, the Company shall issue the Creditor that number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as equals (i) the Debt,
divided by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below), rounded down to the nearest whole share (the Shares).

(b)
The Shares shall be issued in book-entry/non-certificated form.

(c)
Creditor represents that it is the sole owner of the Debt and Note and has good and marketable title to the Debt and Note, free and clear
of any liens, claims, charges, options, rights of tenants or other encumbrances. Creditor has sole managerial and dispositive authority
with respect to the Debt and Note.

(e)
For the purposes of this Agreement, Conversion Price means $1.50.

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 1 of 7

2. Full Satisfaction.

Creditor
agrees that it is accepting the Shares in full satisfaction of the Debt and payment in full of the Note, which is being converted into
the Shares as described above and that as such, Creditor will no longer have any rights of repayment against the Company as to the amounts
owed in connection with the Debt or under the Note, which are being converted into the Shares according to this Agreement. Creditor further
agrees that the Shares are being issued in full consideration of the Debt and Note.

3. Mutual
Representations, Covenants and Warranties.

(a)
The Parties have all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Parties have duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Parties enforceable against each Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally
and general equitable principles.

(b)
The execution and delivery by the Parties of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and shall not, by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (a) constitute a violation of any law; or (b) constitute
a breach or violation of any provision contained in the document(s) regarding organization and/or management of the Parties, if applicable;
or (c) constitute a breach of any provision contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order,
judgment or decree of any governmental authority or any contract to which either the Company or the Creditor are a party or by which
either the Company or the Creditor are bound or affected.

(c)
The Parties hereby covenant that they will, whenever and as reasonably requested by another Party hereto, at such acting Partys
sole cost and expense, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such other and further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances,
confirmations, powers of attorney and any instruments of further assurance, approvals and consents as such Party may reasonably require
in order to complete, insure and perfect the transactions contemplated herein.

(d)
Any individual executing this Agreement on behalf of a Party has the authority to act on behalf of such Party and has been duly and properly
authorized to sign this Agreement on behalf of such Party.

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 2 of 7

4. Representations of Creditor.

The
Creditor represents to the Company that:

(a)
The Creditor represents and warrants to the Company that it is acquiring the Shares, for its own account, for investment purposes only
and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, a distribution, as that term is used in Section 2(11) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act, or the Act) in a manner which would require
registration under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Creditor can bear the economic risk of investment in the Shares,
has knowledge and experience in financial business matters, is capable of bearing and managing the risk of investment in the Shares and
is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. Creditor recognizes that the
Shares are not registered under the Securities Act, nor under the securities laws of any state and, therefore, cannot be resold unless
the resale of the Shares is registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration is available. Creditor has carefully
considered and has, to the extent it believes such discussion necessary, discussed with its professional, legal, tax and financial advisors,
the suitability of an investment in the Shares for it and its particular tax and financial situation and its respective advisers, if
such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for it. Creditor has not been offered
the Shares by any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other
communications published in any newspaper, magazine, or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting
where, to Creditors knowledge, those individuals that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general
solicitation or advertising. Creditor has had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive satisfactory answers from, the Company,
or persons acting on behalf of the Company, concerning the terms and conditions of the Shares and the Company, and all such questions
have been answered to the full satisfaction of Creditor. The Company has not supplied Creditor any information regarding the Shares or
an investment in the Shares other than as contained in this Agreement, and Creditor is relying on its own investigation and evaluation
of the Company and the Shares and not on any other information.

(b)
Creditor understands and agrees that a legend has been or will be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) evidencing the Shares
in substantially the following form:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
ACT. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS (I) THEY SHALL
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES ACT, OR (II) THE CORPORATION SHALL
HAVE BEEN FURNISHED WITH AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO COUNSEL FOR THE CORPORATION, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER
ANY SUCH ACTS.

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 3 of 7

(c)
Creditor hereby covenants that it will, whenever and as reasonably requested by the Company and at Creditors sole cost and expense,
do, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such other and further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances, confirmations,
powers of attorney and any instruments of further assurance, approvals and consents as the Company may reasonably require in order to
complete, insure and perfect the transactions contemplated herein.

(d)
Prior to the Creditors entry into this Agreement, Creditor has had an opportunity to review, and has in fact reviewed, (i) the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023; and (ii) the Companys current reports on Form
8-K and Form 10-Qs as filed with the SEC (which filings can be accessed by going to https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html,
typing Mangoceuticals in the Name, ticker symbol, or CIK field, and clicking
the Submit button), from January 1, 2024, to the Effective Date, in each case (i) through (ii), including
the audited and unaudited financial statements, description of business, risk factors, results of operations, certain transactions and
related business disclosures described therein (collectively the Disclosure Documents) and an independent
investigation made by it of the Company. Creditor acknowledges that due to its receipt of and review of the information described above,
it has received similar information as would be included in a Registration Statement filed under the Securities Act.

(e)
Creditor acknowledges that it is a sophisticated investor capable of assessing and assuming investment risks with respect to securities,
including securities such as the Shares, and further acknowledges that the Company is entering into this Agreement with Creditor in reliance
on this acknowledgment and with Creditors understanding, acknowledgment and agreement that the Company is privy to material non-public
information regarding the Company (collectively, the Non-Public Information), which Non- Public Information
may be material to a reasonable investor, such as Creditor, when making investment disposition decisions, including the decision to enter
into this Agreement, and Creditors decision to enter into the Agreement is being made with full recognition and acknowledgment
that the Company is privy to the Non-Public Information, irrespective of whether such Non-Public Information has been provided to Creditor.
Creditor hereby waives any claim, or potential claim, it has or may have against the Company relating to the Companys possession
of Non-Public Information. The Creditor has specifically requested that the Company not provide it with any Non-Public Information. The
Creditor understands and acknowledges that the Company would not enter into this Agreement in the absence of the representations and
warranties set forth in this paragraph, and that these representations and warranties are a fundamental inducement to the Company in
entering into this Agreement.

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 4 of 7

(f)
The Creditor acknowledges that the conversion of the Debt into the Shares may involve tax consequences to the Creditor and that the contents
of this Agreement do not contain tax advice. Creditor acknowledges that it has not relied and will not rely upon the Company with respect
to any tax consequences related to the conversion of the Debt. The Creditor assumes full responsibility for all such consequences and
for the preparation and filing of any tax returns and elections which may or must be filed in connection the conversion of the Debt.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Assignment. All of the terms, provisions, and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(b)
Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed under and governed by the laws of the State of Texas, excluding any provision
which would require the use of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

(c)
Entire Agreement, Amendments, and Waivers. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties regarding the
subject matter of the Agreement and expressly supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and commitments, whether written
or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. No variations, modifications, changes or extensions of this Agreement or any other
terms hereof shall be binding upon any Party hereto unless set forth in a document duly executed by such Party or an authorized agent
of such Party.

(d)
Headings; Gender. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and shall in no manner be
construed as part of this Agreement. All references in this Agreement as to gender shall be interpreted in the applicable gender of the
Parties.

(e)
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding on the Company and Creditor only upon execution of this Agreement by all
Parties hereto. Upon such execution by all Parties hereto, this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of each of the
Parties and their respective heirs, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees, and personal representatives.

(f)
Severability. Should any clause, sentence, paragraph, subsection, Section or Article of this Agreement be judicially declared
to be invalid, unenforceable or void, such decision will not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Agreement,
and the Parties agree that the part or parts of this Agreement so held to be invalid, unenforceable or void will be deemed to have been
stricken herefrom by the Parties, and the remainder will have the same force and effectiveness as if such stricken part or parts had
never been included herein.

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 5 of 7

(g)
Arms Length Negotiations. Each Party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other Parties hereto that (a)
before executing this Agreement, said Party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions, and effects of this Agreement;
(b) said Party has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said Party has had the opportunity
to seek and has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said Party has acted
voluntarily and of its own free will in executing this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arms length negotiations
conducted by and among the Parties and their respective counsel.

(h)
Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied Signatures. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument
entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all
of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine
or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery)
shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal
effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any Party, each other Party shall re-execute
the original form of this Agreement and deliver such form to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to
deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic
Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such
defense relates to lack of authenticity.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 6 of 7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

Company

Mangoceuticals, Inc.

Jacob Cohen

Chief Executive Officer

Creditor 

Mill End Capital Ltd. 

By: 

Name: George Sandhu 

Title: Director 

Debt Conversion Agreement

Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Mill End Capital Ltd.

Page 7 of 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT

THIS
CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of this 15th day of January 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company), and Antonios
Isaac, an individual (the Consultant) (each of the Company and Consultant is referred to herein as a Party,
and collectively referred to herein as the Parties).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to obtain the services of Consultant to serve as President and Director of the Company, and Consultant desires to
provide consulting services to the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as of the Effective Date as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

ENGAGEMENT;
TERM; SERVICES

1.1.
Services.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the Company hereby engages Consultant, and Consultant hereby accepts such
engagement, to serve as the President of the Company and to perform such services in connection therewith as may be reasonably requested
by the Company during the Term of this Agreement (the Services).

1.2.
Term.
Consultant shall begin providing Services hereunder on the date of this Agreement above (the Effective Date),
and this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of (a) 12 months, or (b) terminated as provided in ARTICLE III, below (the
Term).

1.3.
Allocation
of Time and Energies. The Consultant hereby promises to perform and discharge faithfully the Services which may be requested from
the Consultant from time to time by the Company and duly authorized representatives of the Company. The Consultant shall provide the
Services required hereunder in a diligent and professional manner. During the Term, Consultant approximates spending five (5) hours per
week on Company matters.

1.4.
Compliance
with Applicable Laws. All services provided by the Consultant hereunder shall be in full compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations.

ARTICLE
II.

CONSIDERATION;
EXPENSES; INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR; TAXES

2.1.
Consideration.
During the Term of this Agreement, for all Services rendered by Consultant hereunder and all covenants and conditions undertaken by the
Parties pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall pay, and Consultant shall accept, as compensation $10,000 per month.

Consulting Agreement

Page 1 of 9

2.2.
Expenses.
The Company agrees to reimburse Consultant for his reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses associated with the Services (the Expenses),
subject to the Companys normal and usual reimbursement policies of its employees and consultants, provided that the Consultant
shall receive written authorization of any one-time Expense greater than $500 not included in a pre-approved budget for any study relating
to the Services.

2.3.
Independent
Contractor. It is the express intention of the Company and Consultant that Consultant perform the Services as an independent contractor
to the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to constitute Consultant as an agent or employee of the Company.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Consultant is not authorized to bind the Company to any liability or obligation or
to represent that Consultant has any such authority in connection with the Services. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant
is obligated to report as income all compensation received by Consultant pursuant to this Agreement. Consultant agrees to and acknowledges
the obligation to pay all self-employment and other taxes on such income. The Company and Consultant agree that Consultant will receive
no Company- sponsored benefits from the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

2.4.
Taxes.
The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other consideration provided
to Consultant under the terms of this Agreement. Consultant agrees and understands that it is responsible for payment, if any, of local,
state, and/or federal taxes on the payments and any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments
thereon. Consultant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and his affiliates and their directors, officers and employees
from and against all taxes, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and other legal expenses,
arising solely from or in connection with (i) any obligation imposed on the Company to pay withholding taxes or similar items, or (ii)
any determination by a court or agency that the Consultant is not an independent contractor pursuant to this Agreement.

2.5.
Bonuses.
The Board of Directors may grant the Consultant bonuses in cash, stock or options from time to time in its discretion.

ARTICLE
III.

TERMINATION

3.1.
Termination.
The obligations under this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue to bind the Parties until the earlier of the (a)
the expiration of the Term; (b) the date this Agreement is mutually terminated by the Parties; (c) the date this Agreement is terminated
by the Company due to the breach by the Consultant of any term or condition of this Agreement, which breach is not cured within thirty
(30) days of written notice thereof by the Company to the Consultant and (d) the date the Consultant issues a written termination notice
to the Company, which may be issued at any time, for any reason or no reason. Notwithstanding the above, the Company may terminate the
Consultants position as President of the Company at any time, for any reason, which shall not operate as a termination of this
Agreement, but shall only result in a termination of Consultants role as President of the Company. The Company may also immediately
terminate this Agreement for Cause upon written notice of termination to Consultant, with the particular Cause being specified in such
notice. With respect to a termination by the Company, Cause means any of the following in the Companys
reasonable judgment: (i) Consultants act or acts amounting to gross negligence or willful misconduct to the detriment of the Company;
(ii) Consultants fraud or embezzlement of funds or property, or misappropriation involving the Companys assets, business,
customers, suppliers, or employees; (iii) Consultants failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or provision of this
Agreement; (iv) Consultants willful failure to comply with a lawful directive of the Companys Board of Directors; (v) Consultants
failure to comply with any of the Companys written policies and procedures; or (vi) Consultants conviction of, or plea
of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony.

Consulting Agreement

Page 2 of 9

3.2.
Termination
Date. Termination Date shall mean the date on which Consultants engagement with the Company hereunder
is actually terminated.

3.3.
Rights
Upon Termination. Upon termination of the Term, the Consultant shall be paid any and all Consulting Fees and Expenses accrued and
due through the Termination Date, which shall represent the sole compensation and fees due to Consultant. The Consultant shall also continue
to comply with the terms of ARTICLE IV hereof following the Termination Date.

ARTICLE
IV.

CONFIDENTIAL/TRADE
SECRET INFORMATION;

COMPANY
PROPERTY; NON-SOLICITATION

4.1.
Confidential/Trade
Secret Information/Non-Disclosure/Non-Solicitation.

4.1.1
Confidential/Trade Secret Information Defined. During the course of Consultants engagement, Consultant will have access
to various Confidential/Trade Secret Information of the Company and information developed for the Company. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term Confidential/Trade Secret Information is information that is not generally known to
the public and, as a result, is of economic benefit to the Company in the conduct of its business, and the business of the
Companys subsidiaries. Consultant and the Company agree that the term Confidential/Trade Secret
Information includes but is not limited to all information developed or obtained by the Company, including its
affiliates, and predecessors, and comprising the following items, whether or not such items have been reduced to tangible form
(e.g., physical writing, computer hard drive, disk, tape, etc.): all methods, techniques, processes, ideas, research and
development, product designs, engineering designs, plans, models, production plans, business plans, add-on features, trade names,
service marks, slogans, forms, pricing structures, business forms, marketing programs and plans, layouts and designs, financial
structures, operational methods and tactics, cost information, the identity of and/or contractual arrangements with suppliers and/or
vendors, accounting procedures, and any document, record or other information of the Company relating to the above.
Confidential/Trade Secret Information includes not only information directly belonging to the Company which existed before the date
of this Agreement, but also information developed by Consultant for the Company, including its subsidiaries, affiliates and
predecessors, during the term of Consultants engagement with the Company. Confidential/Trade Secret Information does not
include any information which (a) was in the lawful and unrestricted possession of Consultant prior to its disclosure to Consultant
by the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates or predecessors, or owned thereby, which shall be included in Confidential/Trade Secret
Information, (b) is or becomes generally available to the public by lawful acts other than those of Consultant after receiving it,
or (c) has been received lawfully and in good faith by Consultant from a third party who is not and has never been a Consultant of
the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates or predecessors, and who did not derive it from the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates
or predecessors.

Consulting Agreement

Page 3 of 9

4.1.2 Restriction
on Use of Confidential/Trade Secret Information. Consultant agrees that during the Term and the two-year period following the
Termination Date his use of Confidential/Trade Secret Information is subject to the following restrictions so long as the
Confidential/Trade Secret Information has not become generally known to the public:

(i)
Non-Disclosure. Consultant agrees that it will not publish or disclose, or allow to be published or disclosed, Confidential/Trade
Secret Information to any person without the prior written authorization of the Company unless pursuant to or in connection with Consultants
job duties to the Company under this Agreement; and

(ii)
Non-Removal/Surrender. Consultant agrees that it will not remove any Confidential/Trade Secret Information from the offices of
the Company or the premises of any facility in which the Consultant is performing services for the Company, except pursuant to his duties
under this Agreement. Consultant further agrees that it shall surrender to the Company all documents and materials in his possession
or control which contain Confidential/Trade Secret Information and which are the property of the Company upon the termination of his
engagement with the Company, and that it shall not thereafter retain any copies of any such materials.

4.2.
Non-Solicitation of Employees and Consultants. Consultant agrees that during the Term and the twelve-month period following the
Termination Date, he shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or otherwise encourage any employees or consultants of the Company to
leave the employ or service of the Company, or solicit, directly or indirectly, any of the Companys employees or consultants for
employment or service; provided, however, that Consultant may solicit an employee or consultant if (i) such employee or consultant has
resigned voluntarily (without any solicitation from Consultant), and at least one (1) year has elapsed since such employees or
consultants resignation from employment or termination of service with the Company, (ii) such employees employment or consultants
services was terminated by the Company, and if one (1) year has elapsed since such employee or consultant was terminated by the Company,
(iii) the Company has consented to the solicitation of such employee or consultant in writing, which consent the Company may withhold
in its sole discretion, or (iv) such solicitation solely occurs by general solicitations for employment to the public.

4.3.
Non-Solicitation of Contacts. Consultant agrees that during the Term and the twelve-month period following the Termination Date,
Consultant shall not: (a) interfere with the Companys business relationship with its customers or suppliers, (b) solicit, directly
or indirectly, or otherwise encourage any of the Companys customers or suppliers to terminate their business relationship with
the Company, or (c) solicit, directly or indirectly, or otherwise encourage any employees of the Company to leave the employ of the Company,
or solicit any of the Companys employees for employment.

4.4.
Breach
of Provisions. If Consultant materially breaches any of the provisions of this ARTICLE IV, or in the event that any such breach is
threatened by Consultant, in addition to and without limiting or waiving any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity,
the Company shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in any court, domestic or foreign, having the capacity to grant such relief,
to restrain any such breach or threatened breach and to enforce the provisions of this ARTICLE IV.

4.5.
Reasonable
Restrictions. The Parties acknowledge that the foregoing restrictions, as well as the duration and the territorial scope thereof
as set forth in this ARTICLE IV, are under all of the circumstances reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and its
business.

Consulting Agreement

Page 4 of 9

4.6
.
Specific Performance. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the Companys remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach
of any of the provisions of ARTICLE IV would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, Consultant agrees that, in the event of
such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond,

shall
be entitled to obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction
or any other equitable remedy which may then be available.

4.7.
Company
Property. Upon termination of this Agreement, or on demand by the Company during the Term of this Agreement, Consultant will immediately
deliver to the Company, and will not keep in his possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, records,
data, notes, notebooks, reports, files, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings blueprints, sketches, materials, photographs,
charts, all documents and property, and reproductions of any of the aforementioned items that were developed by Consultant pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, obtained by Consultant in connection with the provision of the Services, or otherwise belonging to the Company
or its successors or assigns.

4.8.
Response
to Legal Process; Allowable Disclosures. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, the Consultants reporting of possible
violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated
under Section 21F of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or
regulation shall not violate or constitute a breach of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement (or any exhibit hereto) shall
be construed to prevent the Consultant from reporting any act or failure to act to the Securities and Exchange Commission or other governmental
body or prevent the Consultant from obtaining a fee as a whistleblower under Rule 21F-17(a) under the Exchange Act or other
rules or regulations implemented under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act.

ARTICLE
V.

MUTUAL
REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS AND

WARRANTIES
OF THE PARTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

5.1.
Power
and Authority. The Parties have all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Parties have duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement
and will, on or prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, execute, such other documents as may be required hereunder
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes,
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parties enforceable against each Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the Parties rights generally
and general equitable principles.

5.2.
Execution and Delivery. The execution and delivery by the Parties of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby do not and shall not, by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (a) constitute a violation of any law;
or (b) constitute a breach or violation of any provision contained in the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or such other document(s)
regarding organization and/or management of the Parties, if applicable; or (c) constitute a breach of any provision contained in, or
a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority or any contract
to which the Parties are bound or affected.

Consulting Agreement

Page 5 of 9

5.3.
Authority of Entities. Any individual executing this Agreement on behalf of an entity
has authority to act on behalf of such entity and has been duly and properly authorized to sign this Agreement on behalf of such entity.

In
no event will either Party be liable to the other Party for any claim or cause of action requesting or claiming any incidental, consequential,
special, indirect, statutory, punitive or reliance damages. Any claim or cause of action requesting or claiming such damages is specifically
waived and barred, whether such damages were foreseeable or not or a Party was notified in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Damages prohibited under this Agreement will include, without limitation, damage or loss of property or equipment, loss of profits, revenues
or savings, cost of capital, cost of replacement services, opportunity costs and cover damages.

ARTICLE
VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1.
Notices.
All notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered (i) by personal
delivery, or (ii) by national overnight courier service, or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (iv)
via facsimile transmission, with confirmed receipt, or (v) via email. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice via fax
(as discussed above) or email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return or reply email or notice delivered by other
method provided for in this Section 7.1, acknowledges having received that email (with an automatic read receipt
or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes of this Section 7.1, or which such recipient replies
to such prior email). Such notices shall be sent to the applicable party or parties at the address specified below:

If to the Company: Mangoceuticals, Inc.

Attn: Jacob Cohen

15110 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600

Dallas, Texas 75248

Phone: (214) 845-6412

Email: jacob@mangorx.com

If to the Consultant: Antonios Isaac

2857 Paradise Rd, Unit # 3201

Las Vegas, NV 89109

Phone: (310) 666-0101

Email: t.isaac@isaac.com

Consulting Agreement

Page 6 of 9

7.2.
Binding
Effect; Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective legal representatives,
heirs, successors and assigns. Consultant may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement. The Company may assign
its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor entity.

7.3.
Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or portion thereof, and shall not in any manner affect or render
invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement or portion thereof, and this Agreement shall be carried out as if any
such invalid or unenforceable provision or portion thereof were not contained herein. In addition, any such invalid or unenforceable
provision or portion thereof shall be deemed, without further action on the part of the Parties hereto, modified, amended or limited
to the extent necessary to render the same valid and enforceable.

7.4. Waiver.
No waiver by a Party of a breach or default hereunder by the other Party shall be considered valid, unless expressed in a writing
signed by such first Party, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default of the same or any other
nature.

7.5.
Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
any and all prior agreements between the Company and Consultant, whether written or oral, relating to any or all matters covered by and
contained or otherwise dealt with in this Agreement. This Agreement does not constitute a commitment of the Company with regard to Consultants
engagement, express or implied, other than to the extent expressly provided for herein.

7.6.
Amendment.
No modification, change or amendment of this Agreement or any of its provisions shall be valid, unless in a writing signed by the Parties.

7.7.
Captions.
The captions, headings and titles of the sections of this Agreement are inserted merely for convenience and ease of reference and shall
not affect or modify the meaning of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement.

7.8.
Governing
Law. This Agreement, and all of the rights and obligations of the Parties in connection with the relationship established hereby,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to principles
relating to conflicts of law.

7.9.
Survival.
The termination of Consultants engagement with the Company pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall not affect Consultants
obligations to the Company hereunder which by the nature thereof are intended to survive any such termination, including, without limitation,
Consultants obligations under ARTICLE IV of this Agreement and the Companys obligations under Section 5.4 of this Agreement.

Consulting Agreement

Page 7 of 9

7.10.
No
Presumption from Drafting. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms- length between persons knowledgeable in the matters
set forth within this Agreement. Accordingly, given that all Parties have had the opportunity to draft, review and/or edit the language
of this Agreement, no presumption for or against any Party arising out of drafting all or any part of this Agreement will be applied
in any action relating to, connected with or involving this Agreement. In particular, any rule of law, legal decisions, or common law
principles of similar effect that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that has drafted
it, is of no application and is hereby expressly waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner
to affect the intentions of the Parties.

7.11.
Review
and Construction of Documents. Each Party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other Parties hereto that (a) before executing
this Agreement, said Party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions and effects of this Agreement; (b) said Party
has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said Party has had the opportunity to seek and
has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said Party has acted voluntarily
and of its own free will in executing this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arms length negotiations conducted
by and among the Parties and their respective counsel.

7.12.
Interpretation. When used in this Agreement, unless a contrary intention appears: (i) a term has the meaning assigned to it; (ii)
or is not exclusive; (iii) including means including without limitation; (iv)
words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular
or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires; (v) any agreement, instrument or statute defined
or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such agreement, instrument or statute
as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments
thereto and instruments incorporated therein; (vi) the words hereof, herein and
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular provision hereof; (vii) references contained herein to Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit, as applicable,
are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and (viii) references to writing
include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form, including, but not limited to email.

7.13.
Electronic
Signatures and Counterparts. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement,
and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to
electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as
an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version
thereof delivered in person. At the request of any Party, each other Party shall re execute the original form of this Agreement and deliver
such form to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature
or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a
contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

Consulting Agreement

Page 8 of 9

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written, to be effective as of
the Effective Date.

COMPANY Mangoceuticals, Inc.

By: 

Name: Jacob D. Cohen

Its: Chief Executive Officer

CONSULTANT 

Antonios Isaac

Consulting Agreement

Page 9 of 9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41615

Entity Registrant Name MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC

Entity Central Index Key 0001938046

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3841292

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 15110
N. Dallas Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
600

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75248

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 242-9619

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol MGRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mangoceuticals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mgrx-20250115.xsd 
mgrx-20250115_lab.xml 
mgrx-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003054-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001938046 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001938046 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
MANGOCEUTICALS, INC 
TX 
001-41615 
87-3841292 
15110 N. Dallas Parkway 
Suite 600 
Dallas 
TX 
75248 
(214) 
242-9619 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share 
MGRX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>