<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001079973-25-000308.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001079973-25-000308.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221070026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-25-000308
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardio Diagnostics Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001870144
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				870925574
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41097
		FILM NUMBER:		25648448

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 W. SUPERIOR STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 444
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60645
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-226-9991

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 W. SUPERIOR STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 444
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60645

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mana Capital Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210629
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cdio_8k-022125.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000187014400018701442025-02-212025-02-210001870144CDIO:CommonStockParValue0.00001Member2025-02-212025-02-210001870144CDIO:RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnehalfOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-02-212025-02-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February
21, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41097 87-0925574

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

311
W. Superior Street, Suite 444, Chicago, IL 60654

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (855)226-9991

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 CDIO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock CDIOW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

Effective February 21, 2025, senior management
of Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc. (the "Company) will begin using the materials included in Exhibit 99.1 to this report
(the Investor Presentation) in connection with presentations to existing and prospective investors. The Investor Presentation
is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by this reference and will also be available on the Company's website at www.cardiodiagnosticsinc.com.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

99.1 Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc. February 2025 Investor Presentation.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED
IN ITEM 7.01 OF THIS CURRENT REPORT, INCLUDING EXHIBIT 99.1 ATTACHED HERETO, SHALL NOT BE DEEMED "FILED FOR THE PURPOSES OF
SECTION 18 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, NOR SHALL IT BE DEEMED INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO ANY REGISTRATION
STATEMENT OR OTHER FILING PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED IN SUCH FILING.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 21, 2025 
CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Elisa Luqman

Elisa Luqman

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTOR PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

COMPANY UPDATE Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Medicine With Epigenetics and AI

Certain statements and information included in this presentation constitute "forward - looking statements" within the meaning of t he Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. When used in this presentation, the words or phrases will, "will likely result," "expected to," "will continue," " ant icipated," "estimate," "projected," "intend," goal, or similar expressions are intended to identify "forward - looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks, known and unknown, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the contro l o f the Company. Such uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy, changes in law s or regulations, economic conditions, dependence on management, dilution to stockholders, lack of capital, the effects of rapid growth upon the Company and the abi lit y of management to effectively respond to the growth and demand for products and services of the Company, newly developing technologies, the Companys abili ty to compete, regulatory matters, protection of technology, the effects of competition and the ability of the Company to obtain future financing. An ext ensive list of factors that can affect future results are discussed in the Current Report on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31, 2023 under the heading Risk F actors in Part I, Item IA thereof, and other documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors could material ly adversely affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed within this presentation. The Company is not making any projections, nor providing any guidance, with regard to its future consolidated results of oper ati ons or financial condition. Any prior projections, however communicated, that may have been made in the past bear no relationship to the Companys current consolid ate d results and financial condition, nor the underlying facts and circumstances related thereto, and should not be relied upon for any purpose. Forward Looking Statements Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Our Vision: Precision Cardiovascular Medicine, driven by epigenetics and artificial intelligence, will transform the delivery of targeted interventions, enhance patient outcomes, and reduce costs, ultimately alleviating the global burden of heart disease. Risk Assessment Early Diagnosis Risk Management Medical Management & Lifestyle Modifications Monitor Effectiveness Ongoing Evaluation Cardio Diagnostics Mission is to Revolutionize Cardiovascular Medicine with Epigenetics and AI Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Multiple launched and in development synergistic clinical and non - clinical products addressing various cardiovascular diseases. Backed by robust clinical, analytical and economic studies that appeal to various healthcare stakeholders. Robust value propositions for key healthcare stakeholders, including providers, provider organizations, payers, employers, life insurance and pharma. Customized offering to meet the needs of different market segments. DIVERSIFICATION INNOVATION TECHNOLOGY Only precision molecular diagnostics technology for cardiovascular disease at the intersection of epigenetics, genetics and AI. AI - driven integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine , a proprietary platform to rapidly design, develop, and launch clinical tests. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PRODUCTS MARKETS Diverse and robust intellectual property portfolio. Consists of granted and pending patents, trade secrets and copyrights. Cardio Diagnostics is Pioneering a New Era in Precision Cardiovascular Medicine Driven by Innovation, Diversification, Scale and Experience Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

SCALE EXPERIENCE Has profound understanding of clinical needs, challenges and opportunities. Deep expertise in designing, executing ad publishing studies to expand evidence base, increase credibility and gain clinical and commercial acceptance. Have successfully built and launched multiple healthcare products/services across private and public companies. Experience expanding into new markets and targeting new customers. OPERATIONS Highly scalable and efficient testing and reporting process. Favorable economies of scale to lower COGS and improve margin. REVENUE CLINICAL BUSINESS >$300B total addressable market across launched and in - development products. High potential for recurring revenue. Cardio Diagnostics is Pioneering a New Era in Precision Cardiovascular Medicine Driven by Innovation, Diversification, Scale and Experience Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death globally, accounting for nearly 19 million deaths per year, or about 32% of all global deaths Following a healthy lifestyle may prevent 72% of premature deaths related to heart disease Globally, cardiovascular disease is expected to result in a cumulative output loss of $47 trillion from 2011 to 2030 due to medical costs and productivity losses, representing 75% of the global GDP in 2010 $47 TRILLION LOSS 72% #1 Cardiovascular Disease is the Leading Cause of Death Globally Despite Being Largely Preventable World Health Organization World Economic Forum Harvard School of Public Health Harvard School of Public Health Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Cardiovascular Disease is a Burden for All Major Stakeholders Providers and Provider Organizations Employers Payers Heart disease accounts for approximately 25% of emergency room visits related to chest pain, which can strain hospital resources, particularly in emergency departments Employers may face increased healthcare costs due to heart disease, as employees with cardiovascular disease have medical costs that are twice as high as those without the condition Heart disease is responsible for a substantial portion of healthcare expenditure. In 2015, around 14% of total U.S. healthcare expenditure was attributed to cardiovascular disease American Heart Association National Center for Biotechnology Information CDC Wang EA, et al.,, Cardiovascular Disease in Incarcerated Populations. J Am Coll Cardiol. Patients Life Insurers In the United States, heart disease is responsible for approximately 659,000 deaths, which equates to 1 in every 4 deaths, annually As the number one killer, heart disease is a leading cause of life insurance payouts Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Government Entities Heart disease is among the leading causes of death for the more than 2 million individuals incarcerated in state and federal prisons across the United States 

Four Strategic Priorities to Realize Our Vision Expand evidence portfolio that matters to key healthcare stakeholders Build upon current rigorous clinical validation and real world case studies Perform additional health economic studies to demonstrate substantial savings and ROI Establish a robust and synergistic product pipeline Leverage proprietary AI - Driven Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine to complete the development and launch of new synergistic tests Diverse suite of tests and platforms to address cardiovascular diseases across the care continuum for major healthcare stakeh old ers Take a strategic approach to commercialization and growth Establish strong partnerships with key healthcare stakeholders to accelerate market entry and enhance overall business succes s Be present in diverse markets to expand customer base, reduce risks and capitalize on new opportunities to foster growth and res ilience in the short and long - terms Execute on meaningful initiatives to broaden adoption Foster strong relationships with payers to secure reimbursement towards driving sustained revenue growth and market penetrati on Consider going through the FDA pathway to continue to build trust among clinicians and patients Engage thought leaders to advocate for the clinical benefits, enhance credibility within the medical community, and foster wi des pread acceptance and utilization Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Clinicians Current Approach to Assessing Risk for and Detecting Cardiovascular Disease Currently, risk for CVD is assessed using two common lipid - based clinical tests: FRAMINGHAM RISK SCORE (FRS) Age Gender Systolic blood pressure Diabetes Total cholesterol HDL cholesterol Smoking Diastolic blood pressure ASCVD POOLED COHORT EQUATION (PCE) Age Race Smoking Diabetes HDL cholesterol Total cholesterol Gender Systolic blood pressure Receiving treatment for high blood pressure Exercise ECG Measures the electrical activity of the heart during physical activity Currently, CVD is detected using several tests: Echocardiography Ultrasound - based imaging technique that creates detailed pictures of the heart's structure and function Single - Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) Nuclear imaging technique that uses radioactive tracers to generate 3D images of blood flow to the heart Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging Uses powerful magnets and radio waves to create detailed images of the heart's structure and function CCTA Imaging technique that uses X - rays and contrast material to visualize the coronary arteries Cardiac Catheterization A thin, flexible tube is inserted into an artery or vein and guided to the heart Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

GENETICS (SINGLE NUCLEOTIDE POLYMORPHISMS) Inherited from parents <20% of risk for cardiovascular disease is driven by genetics Does not change over time (i.e., not dynamic) EPIGENETICS (DNA METHYLATION) Influenced by lifestyle & environment Larger driver of risk for cardiovascular disease as compared to genetics Largely confounded by genetics Changes over time (i.e., dynamic) (similar to HbA1c) Sum heritability from Hou, K et al.,, Nature Genetics Aug 2019, /doi.org/10.1038/S41588 - 019 - 0465 - 0 creativebiomart.net/epigenetics/services/dna - methylation - analysis - service/ Two Types of DNA Biomarkers Power Our Approach Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

BIG DATA DNA bank & databank Billions of genetic, epigenetic & clinical data points HIGH - PERFORMANCE COMPUTING, ML/AI AND DOMAIN EXPERTISE Trade secrets Non - linear data mining Assay translational criteria DOMAIN EXPERTISE Trade secrets Lab translation of assays PRODUCT Copyright, proprietary & patented Lab profiling using assays Interpretive predictive ML model Proprietary Engine designed and built over more than a decade Our AI - Driven Integrated Epigenetic - Genetic Engine enables rapid design, development and launch of new diagnostic solutions Identification of robust biomarkers Transition into clinical tests Multiple granted US and international patents; Other patents pending Our AI - Driven Integrated Epigenetic - Genetic Engine Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Cardio Diagnostics Suite of Solutions Only epigenetics - based clinical blood test in the world for coronary heart disease risk assessment It is a more sensitive and non - invasive alternative to the Framingham Risk Score (FRS), and the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) Risk Calculator for predicting the three - year - risk for a coronary heart disease event Epi+Gen CHD Only epigenetics - based clinical blood test in the world for coronary heart disease detection It is a sensitive and non - invasive alternative to exercise stress tests, nuclear stress tests, stress echocardiograms, coronary angiograms, and cardiac catheterization for evaluating coronary heart disease A one - of - a - kind platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests to help improve chronic care management PrecisionCHD Actionable Clinical Intelligence Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Research - use - only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases CardioInnovate360 Clinical solutions: Non - clinical solutions: A SaaS cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to value - based care and other provider organizations, employers, brokers and benefits consultants and government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests for optimizing decisions HeartRisk

Our Suite of Solutions Offer Unparalleled Innovation Evidence Current Clinical Solutions 67% of patients who had a heart attack had normal total cholesterol Utilize biological blueprint biomarkers that go beyond traditional biomarkers Utilize traditional biomarkers (e.g., lipid) that are necessary but not sufficient 40% of smokers fail biochemical verification of self - reported abstinence Utilize objective, molecular DNA biomarkers Utilize self - reported/subjective biomarkers (e.g., smoking) 50% of patients undergoing invasive angiography, particularly women, do not have obstructive disease Accounts for both obstructive and non - obstructive disease Emphasis on obstructive disease Average wait time for a cardiology appointment is 26.6 days Can be conducted fully remotely or in provider - settings Conducted only in provider - settings Rural patients are less likely to receive cardiovascular care Only requires a blood sample Requires specialized infrastructure Fasting for 10 - 12 hours necessary for lipid panel blood test Fasting not required Fasting may be required CCTA delivers 2.88 0.85 mSv ( 30 chest x - rays worth) No exposure to ionizing radiation Exposure to ionizing radiation Acute kidney injury was 33% in those with diabetes No known side effects Potential side effects (e.g., contrast dye - induced kidney damage) Actionable insights provided via our Actionable Clinical Intelligence platform Actionable insights for personalizing interventions Lack insights for personalizing interventions Our dynamic epigenetics biomarkers can change in ~90 days Dynamic biomarkers to monitor effectiveness of interventions Lack ability to monitor the effectiveness of interventions Actionable insights provided via our HeartRisk platform Actionable business insights for stakeholders Lack business insights for stakeholders Technology Accessibility and Scalability Actionable Insights Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Cardio Diagnostics internal data Scheuermann, T et al . , Addiction . 2018 Banks, K et al . , Curr Cardiol Rev . 2010 Merritt Hawkins and AMN Healthcare . 2022 Beth Israel Lahey Health . 2022 Aupongkaroon, P et al . , 2022 Rudnick, MR et al . , 1995 Philibert R et al . , 2023

Our Differentiated Solutions Deliver Value to Key Healthcare Stakeholders Improve well - being and quality of life Receive timely and better care Patients Reduce healthcare costs by reducing unnecessary treatments and hospitalizations Transition to value - based care tied to quality of care and health outcomes Payers Better clinical tools and information to aid decision making Save time with more efficient testing Providers Employers Pharma Life Insurers Reduce absenteeism and improve productivity among employees Reduce healthcare costs by avoiding costly disease management Help accelerate drug discovery and with clinical trial design Conduct post - marketing surveillance to monitor drug safety and effectiveness Better risk assessment and pricing of life insurance policies Help policyholders to stay healthy, reducing the number of claims Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Corrections Reduce risks associated with inmate transportation Convenient heart disease testing without the need for extensive physical infrastructure

Clear, Key Differentiations for Coronary Heart Disease Hospitals & Clinics GROWTH STRATEGIES SENSITIVE EPIGENETICS BASED TEST CORONARY HEART DISEASE SPECIFIC PHYSICIAN ORDERED AND/OR INTERPRETED AT - HOME TESTING AVAILABLE MULTIPLE DNA BIOMARKERS - BASED TEST MONITOR TREATMENT RESPONSE Comparison to PrecisionCHD for CHD detection Comparison to detection tests such as exercise ECG Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD : A $185B US Total Addressable Market Epi+Gen CHD is recommended for: Adults ages 35 - 75 Have not been diagnosed with coronary heart disease Approximately 146M Americans PrecisionCHD is recommended for: Adults ages 35 - 80 Presenting to be evaluated for coronary heart disease Approximately 157M Americans We expect to accelerate the adoption of Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD across several channels including: Telemedicine Providers - concierge practices, innovative health systems, value - based care Payers Employers Life insurers We intend to accelerate the adoption of both tests by: Expanding strategic channel partnerships Leveraging industry organizations Offering a piloting program Customizing customer portal to reduce transaction friction Assumes 146M Americans x $350/test for Epi+Gen CHD and assumes 157M Americans x $850/test for PrecisionCHD US Census Bureau Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

$340B by 2026* LAUNCHED Epi+Gen CHD 146M adults $350/test $51B LAUNCHED PrecisionCHD 157M adults $850/test $134B 2024/2025* CHF Risk 152M adults $350/test $53B 2024/2025* Stroke Risk 153M adults $350/test $53B 2025/2026* Diabetes Risk 140M adults $350/test $49B The Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine Can be Leveraged Repeatedly Assumes one patient could be tested with multiple tests *Represents expected launch date Source: Cardio Diagnostics estimate for US market based on 2020 US Census datas Assumes each test is administered to each patient a single time in a year although some patients may be eligible to be re - teste d in less than a year Assumed price per test Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. TOTAL U.S. ADDRESSABLE MARKET

A scalable testing and reporting process to fulfill increasing demand Telemedicine provider orders test for patient At - home lancet sample collection kit shipped to patient A Scalable Testing & Reporting Process to Fulfill Increasing Demand PROVIDER SETTINGS Lancet and/or vacutainer sample collection kits shipped to provider/healthcare organization Provider/healthcare organization orders tests 3 Collect blood sample 4 Ship blood sample overnight to lab 5 Lab processing of blood sample 6 Process data and generate report 7 Share patient report with ordering provider A patient's blood sample can be collected remotely by the patient using the fingerstick method with our self - contained lancet sample collection kit or by a professional in a provider setting with our vacutainer kit Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Pursuing A New Standard of Care for Cardiovascular Medicine EVIDENCE BUILDING ENGAGE PAYORS REIMBURSEMENT CODES AMA COVERAGE & PAYMENT Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. FDA Continued expansion of analytical validity, clinical validity, clinical utility, economic utility and case studies evidence portfolio Awarded CPT PLA codes by the American Medical Association, 0439U for Epi+Gen CHD and 0440U for PrecisionCHD Completed first pre - submission with the FDA. Evaluating additional pre - submissions and regulatory strategy Continued efforts to secure coverage and payment from private and government payors Continued engagement of payors to explore synergistic opportunities 

Robust Short - Term & Long - Term Strategic Initiatives REDUCE VARIABLE COSTS MANAGE RISKS INCREASE REVENUE GROWTH STRATEGIES INTERNAL LAB PURSUE FDA PATHWAY PAYOR COVERAGE TARGET MULTIPLE REVENUE CHANNELS LAUNCH MULTIPLE SYNERGISTIC PRODUCTS Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Strong Leadership Experienced leadership, complementary backgrounds & vision to succeed Warren Hosseinion, MD Meesha Dogan, PhD Chairman President, Nutex Health, Inc. (NUTX) - $78M market cap Co - founder of Astrana Health (ASTH) - $1.92B market cap Director and former CEO of Clinigence Holdings (CLNH) MD from Georgetown University School of Medicine CEO, Co - Founder, & Director 13+ years bridging engineering, AI, and medicine, Co - inventor of the Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine PhD in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Iowa As of 3/22/24 Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Team Continued Robert Philibert, MD PhD Elisa Luqman, JD MBA CMO, Co - Founder & Director 15+ years in epigenetics and clinical translation Co - inventor of the Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine MD & PhD in Neuroscience from the University of Iowa CFO Chief Legal Officer (SEC), Nutex Health, Inc. (NUTX) Co - founder of bigVault Storage Technologies (acquired) JD & MBA in Finance from Hofstra University Licensed in NY/NJ and FL Corp Counsel Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Tim Dogan, PhD CTO 13+ years in high performance computing systems Co - inventor of the Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine PhD in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Iowa

Selected Key Developments and Milestones Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024.
All rights reserved. Revenue and Partnerships Secured the Innovative Technology contract with Vizient, Inc., the nations largest provider - driven healthcare performance impro vement company. As a result, Cardio Diagnostics is on contract with about 60% of hospitals and 97% of academic medical centers in the US. Further expansion into the employer vertical. Launched the Heart Attack Prevention Initiative with Family Medicine Specialists, a risk bearing provider. Announced the expansion with Family Medicine Specialists to their Walmart location in Q2 2024 and Meijer location in Q3 2024. Entered into an agreement with Aimil Ltd to introduce our technology in India. Reimbursement and FDA Awarded two CPT PLA codes by American Medical Association for our clinical tests, 0439U for Epi+Gen CHD and 0449U for PrecisionCHD and went effective April 1st, 2024. Completed first pre - submission with the FDA pertaining to our PrecisionCHD test and have received feedback from the FDA on that submission. Participated in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule annual meeting to pres ent pricing. Completed pre - submission with MolDX and received feedback for Medicare coverage determination. Obtained gapfill pricing determination from CMS for Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD. Products and Evidence Launched PrecisionCHD , the first and only integrated genetic - epigenetic blood test for coronary heart disease detection and management. Launched Actionable Clinical Intelligence, a platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribi ng our Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests to help improve chronic care management. Launched CardioInnovate360 , a research - use - only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the as sessment and management of cardiovascular diseases. Launched HeartRisk , a SaaS cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to value - based care and other provider organizations, employers, b rokers and benefits consultants and government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests for optimizing decisions. Clinical evidence for PrecisionCHD was peer - reviewed published in the prestigious Journal of American Heart Association journal. The global scalability nature of Cardio Diagnostics solutions was highlighted in a peer - reviewed publication in Epigenomics. A study demonstrating the use of PrecisionCHD to monitor the effectiveness of an intervention was peer - reviewed published in Genes. A study demonstrating the cost savings associated with the use of PrecisionCHD was peer - reviewed published in Advances in Therapy. Intellectual Property and Operations Patents granted in India, China, Australia and the United States (second patent). Started the setup of our new operations hub that includes a high complexity CLIA lab, kitting and fulfillment and research la b, to scale operations and reduce operating costs.

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, w hich represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and growth of our business. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, al one or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: Risks Related to Business, Industry and Business Operations We have a limited operating history that makes it impossible to reliably predict future growth and operating results. We have an unproven business model, have not generated significant revenues and can provide no assurance of generating signif ica nt revenues or operating profit. The market for epigenetic tests is fairly new and unproven, and it may decline or experience limited growth, which would adve rse ly affect our ability to fully realize the potential of our business plan. The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K may prove to be i naccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. If we are not able to enhance or introduce new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological devel opm ents, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. The success of our business depends on our ability to expand into new vertical markets and attract new customers in a cost - effec tive manner. Our growth strategy may not prove viable and expected growth and value may not be realized. Our future growth could be harmed if we lose the services of our key personnel. We may face intense competition, which could limit our ability to maintain or expand market share within our industry, and if we do not maintain or expand our market share, our business and operating results will be harmed. Our business depends on customers increasing their use of our existing and future products, and we may experience loss of cus tom ers or a decline in their use of our solutions. We rely on a limited number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, and our tests are currently perfor med by a single contract high complexity Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) laboratory. We may be unable to scale our operations successfully. As we grow the size of our organization, we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. Our success depends upon our ability to adapt to a changing market and our continued development of additional tests and serv ice s. Our Board of Directors may change our strategies, policies, and procedures without stockholder approval. We may need to seek alternative business opportunities and change the nature of our business. We may be subject to general litigation that may materially adversely affect us and our operations. Our management expects to continue to devote substantial time to maintaining and improving its internal controls over financi al reporting and the requirements of being a public company which may, among other things, strain our resources, divert managements attention and affect our ability to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. Risks Related to Intellectual Property Certain of our core technology is licensed, and that license may be terminated if we were to breach our obligations under the li cense. Our license agreement with University of Iowa Research Foundation (UIRF) includes a non - exclusive license of technical informat ion that potentially could grant unaffiliated third parties access to materials and information considered derivative work made by us, which could be used by such licensees to develop competitive products. Risk Factors Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Risks Related to Government Regulation We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we cou ld incur penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations or experience adverse publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial cost s a nd delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance or approval and incur costs associated with complying with post - market controls. If our products do not receive adequate coverage and reimbursement from third - party payors, our ability to expand access to our tests beyond our initial sales channels will be limited and our overall commercial success will be limited. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our Common Stock likely will be volatile like the stocks of other early - stage companies. Because a substantial number of our currently outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered for resale, we may have diffi cul ty raising additional capital when and if needed. A significant number of shares of our Common Stock are subject to issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options, wh ich upon such exercise may result in dilution to our security holders. We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in t he foreseeable future. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our st ock price to decline. *An extensive list of factors that can affect future results are discussed in the Current Report on Form 10 - K for the period end ed December 31, 2023 under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item IA thereof, and other documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors could materially adversely affect the Company's financial p erf ormance and could cause the Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed within this presentation. Risk Factors Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

For more information, please email: investors@cardiodiagnosticsinc.com Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Medicine With Epigenetics & AI Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

APPENDIX Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Medicine With Epigenetics and AI

In the US, nearly 18 million Americans have some type of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and CVD is responsible for both 1 in e ver y 4 deaths and nearly $1 billion/day in medical costs + lost productivity. CORONARY HEART DISEASE (CHD) 20+ million adults have CHD, the major cause of heart attacks A heart attack occurs every 40 seconds 800,000+ heart attacks / year The most common type of CVD STROKE Nearly 800,000 strokes each year A stroke - related death occurs every 3.5 minutes 1 in 6 CVD - related deaths are due to stroke A common type of CVD CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE (CHF) 6+ million adults have heart failure Nearly 380,000 deaths in 2018 were attributed to heart failure A common type of CVD DIABETES 34+ million adults have diabetes 2 - 4x more likely to develop CVD A major risk factor for CVD CDC Foundation American Heart Association CDC Johns Hopkins Medicine Cardiovascular Disease and Associated Co - Morbidities Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Epi+Gen CHD is Cardio Diagnostics first product that was developed using our AI - driven Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine and was validated in collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare. Epi+Gen CHD is a powerful test that combines epigenetics, genetics and artificial intelligence to predict 3 - year risk for coronary heart disease (CHD), the most common type of heart disease and the major cause of heart attacks. Epi+Gen CHD addresses the shortcomings of current risk assessment tests because it: Demonstrated strong clinical value with 76% sensitivity for men and 78% sensitivity for women, which is 1.7 times and 2.4 times more sensitive for men and women , respectively, compared to the average sensitivity of FRS and PCE Demonstrated strong economic value showing up to $42,000 in cost savings per quality adjusted life year and improved survival Is a simple, non - invasive blood test performed in a high complexity CLIA lab Sample can be collected at - home or in provider settings Does not require fasting or depend on self - reported information Is coupled to Cardio Diagnostics Actionable Clinical Intelligence platform to ........... provide new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the test Epi+Gen CHD : The Only Epigenetics - Based Test For Coronary Heart Disease Risk Assessment This means that for every 100 men and 100 women deemed at - risk for a CHD event, the test correctly identifies 76 men & 78 wom en FRS: Framingham Risk Score, PCE: ASCVD Pooled Cohort Equation Dogan et al.,, 2021, Epigenomics Jung et al.,, 2021, Epigenomics Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

PrecisionCHD is Cardio Diagnostics second product that was developed using our AI - driven Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine and was validated in collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare and University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics. PrecisionCHD is a powerful test that combines epigenetics, genetics and artificial intelligence to assess the presence of coronary heart disease (CHD), the most common type of heart disease and the major cause of heart attacks. PrecisionCHD addresses the shortcomings of current detection tests because it: Demonstrated strong clinical value with 80% sensitivity for men and 76% sensitivity for women , compared to the sensitivity of exercise ECG of 45 - 68% Is a simple, non - invasive blood test performed in a high complexity CLIA lab Sample can be collected at - home or in provider settings without the need to wait weeks or months to get tested Does not require preparation or exposure to radiation Is coupled to Cardio Diagnostics Actionable Clinical Intelligence platform to provide new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the test Multiple compelling clinical and economic studies to expand evidence dossier ........ are in progress PrecisionCHD : The Only Epigenetics - Based Test For Coronary Heart Disease Detection This means that for every 100 men and 100 women deemed have CHD, the test correctly identifies 80 men & 76 women Philibert R et al.,, 2023, Journal of American Heart Association Morrow D et al.,, 2018, A Textbook of Cardiovascular Medicine Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

A one - of - a - kind platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests. These insights are: Generated by integrating the test results with a patients unique epigenetic and genetic biomarkers together with clinical information to provide deeper and actionable insights to clinicians about factors driving the patients coronary heart disease Are tailored to each patient to help elucidate areas of concern and aid a clinicians independent assessment, with the goal of improving patient outcomes Include the relative contribution of each of the patients biomarkers to CHD, evidence on the role of these biomarkers in coronary heart disease pathogenesis , and changes in the measured biomarkers over time in response to lifestyle and therapeutic interventions Actionable Clinical Intelligence : Assisting Clinicians in Personalizing Clinical Decision Making Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Can be completed remotely or in provider settings Simple blood test where lancet - based collection kit can be done at - home or vacutainer - based collection can be done in provider settings The average sensitivity was 76% for men and 78% sensitivity for women, which is 1.7 times and 2.4 times more sensitive for men and women, respectively Patient care plan highly personalizable with ACI Patient 35 - 75 years old Have not developed signs or symptoms associated with coronary heart disease (CHD) Have not been diagnosed with CHD Have not had a bone marrow transplant Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD are the Next Generation Tests for Cardiovascular Medicine Without Epi+Gen CHD With Epi+Gen CHD Requires in - person clinic visit that may take days, weeks or months to complete Multiple tubes of blood needed to be collected in person for testing The average sensitivity of FRS & PCE was found to be 44% in men and 32% in women Patient care plan lacks personalization Dogan et al.,, 2021 Epigenomics FRS: Framingham Risk Score, PCE: ASCVD Pooled Cohort Equation Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

CardioInnovate360 : A BioPharma Research System That Harnessess the Power of Epigenetics, Genetics and Artificial Intelligence CardioInnovate360 is a research - use - only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases Potential to provide a new and non - reimbursement - dependent revenue stream for Cardio Diagnostics Helps establish a footprint for the company in a new market Leverages, in part, Cardio Diagnostics proprietary AI - Driven Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Engine at scale to help accelerate drug discovery, design clinical trials, conduct post - marketing surveillance, and develop custom applications Example business model for this offering includes licensing, development services etc Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

HeartRisk : A Cardiovascular Risk Intelligence Platform to Help Healthcare Stakeholders Make Data - Driven Decisions HeartRisk is a a SaaS cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to value - based care and other provider organizations, employers, brokers and benefits consultants and government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests for optimizing decisions Potential to provide a new and non - reimbursement - dependent revenue stream for Cardio Diagnostics Helps expand the Cardio Diagnostics footprint in key markets Highly synergistic with Cardio Diagnostics Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD tests, offering new opportunities for the Company to increase the adoption of and recurring testing with its tests Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved. Heart Risk Cardiovascular Risk Intelligence Platform

Cardio Diagnostics' Solutions are Backed by Comprehensive Evidence that Matters to Healthcare Stakeholders Rigorous clinical and analytical validation of biomarkers and Artificial Intelligence models Dogan et al, 2021, External Validation of Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Biomarkers for Predicting Incident Coronary Heart Disease, Epigenomics (In collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare) Philibert et al, 2021, The Reversion of DNA Methylation at Coronary Heart Disease Risk Loci in Response to Prevention Therapy, Processes Analytical validation performed to meet Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA) requirements Philibert et al 2023, Validation of an Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Test for the Assessment of Coronary Heart Disease, Journal of American Heart Association (In collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare and University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics) Philibert et al 2023, The Reversion of the Epigenetic Signature of Coronary Heart Disease in Response to Smoking Cessation, Genes Additional clinical studies are ongoing Health economic studies to demonstrate substantial savings and ROI Jung et al, 2021, Cost - Utility Analysis of an Integrated Genetic - Epigenetic Test for Assessing Risk for Coronary Heart Disease, Epigenomics Additional health economic studies are ongoing Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Gross Margin Expansion Opportunity 1 Currently setting up internal lab 3 Increase processing automation 2 Process larger sample batches 4 Bulk shipping of sample collection kits and/or samples Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.

Product and Company Recognitions Disruptive Technology Award 2023 Semifinalist Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., March 2024. All rights reserved.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99x1.pdf
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTOR PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
Leading the Next
Frontier in Precision
Cardiovascular
Medicine
2025

Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Medicine
With Epigenetics and AI

Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements and information included in this presentation constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Act
of 1995. When used in this presentation, the words or phrases "will", "will likely result," "expected to," "will continue," "anticipated," "estimate," "projected,"
"intend," "goal," or similar expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks, known and unknown, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Such
uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy, changes in laws or regulations, economic conditions,
dependence on management, dilution to stockholders, lack of capital, the effects of rapid growth upon the Company and the ability of management to effectively
respond to the growth and demand for products and services of the Company, newly developing technologies, the Company's ability to compete, regulatory
matters, protection of technology, the effects of competition and the ability of the Company to obtain future financing. An extensive list of factors that can affect
future results are discussed in the Current Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 and on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2024, under the heading "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item IA thereof, and other documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such
factors could materially adversely affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially
from any opinions or statements expressed within this presentation.
The Company is not making any projections, nor providing any guidance, with regard to its future consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Any prior
projections, however communicated, that may have been made in the past bear no relationship to the Company's current consolidated results and financial
condition, nor the underlying facts and circumstances related thereto, and should not be relied upon for any purpose.

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Key Investment Highlights
Cardio Diagnostics (NASDAQ: CDIO) is an artificial intelligence-powered precision cardiovascular medicine company that makes
cardiovascular disease prevention and detection more accessible, personalized and precise
Cardio Diagnostics is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois
Launched multiple products leveraging proprietary AI-Driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM:
Epi+Gen CHDTM: only epigenetics-based test in the world for coronary heart disease event (heart attack, sudden death) risk
assessment ($51 billion US TAM)
PrecisionCHDTM: only epigenetics-based test in the world for coronary heart disease detection and management ($134 billion US
TAM)
Actionable Clinical IntelligenceTM: a one-of-a-kind platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians
prescribing the Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests
CardioInnovate360: research-use-only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and validation of novel
biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases
Launched HeartRiskTM, a cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to decision makers such as value-based care and other
provider organizations, employers, brokers and benefits consultants, and government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHDTM and
PrecisionCHDTM tests for optimizing decisions
Cardio Diagnostics' differentiated technology, clinical tests, and platforms are protected by a diverse IP portfolio

Source: Cardio Diagnostics estimate for US markets based on 2020 US Census data
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Key Investment Highlights
Cardio Diagnostics' clinical tests are:
More sensitive compared to current lipid-based clinical tests and stress ECG
Non-invasive blood tests that can be administered remotely or in provider settings
Cardio Diagnostics' clinical tests and platforms provide clear value propositions to scale across multiple key stakeholder channels
including:
Telemedicine
Value-based care providers
Integrated delivery networks/health systems
Payers
Employers
Government entities
Life insurance
Pharma
Additional clinical tests in the pipeline for stroke, congestive heart failure and diabetes in development that together address a $340B
US Total Addressable Market (TAM)
A highly experienced commercial and clinical team

Source: Cardio Diagnostics estimate for US markets based on 2020 US Census data
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Cardio Diagnostics' Mission is to Revolutionize
Cardiovascular Medicine with Epigenetics and AI
Our Vision:
Precision Cardiovascular Medicine, driven by epigenetics and artificial intelligence, will transform the delivery of targeted interventions,
enhance patient outcomes, and reduce costs, ultimately alleviating the global burden of heart disease.

Risk
Assessment

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Risk
Management

Early
Diagnosis

Medical Management
& Lifestyle
Modifications

Monitor
Effectiveness

Ongoing
Evaluation

Cardio Diagnostics is Pioneering a New Era in Precision
Cardiovascular Medicine Driven by Innovation, Diversification,
Scale and Experience
INNOVATION

DIVERSIFICATION

Only precision molecular diagnostics technology for
cardiovascular disease at the intersection of
epigenetics, genetics and AI.

Multiple launched and in development synergistic
clinical and non-clinical products addressing various
cardiovascular diseases.

AI-driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM, a
proprietary platform to rapidly design, develop, and
launch clinical tests.

Backed by robust clinical, analytical and economic
studies that appeal to various healthcare and business
stakeholders.

Diverse and robust intellectual property portfolio.

Robust value propositions for key healthcare
stakeholders, including providers, provider organizations,
payers, employers, life insurance and pharma.

Consists of granted and pending patents, trade
secrets and copyrights.

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Customized offering to meet the needs of different
market segments.

Cardio Diagnostics is Pioneering a New Era in Precision
Cardiovascular Medicine Driven by Innovation, Diversification,
Scale and Experience
SCALE

EXPERIENCE

Highly scalable and efficient testing and reporting
process.

Has profound understanding of clinical needs,
challenges and opportunities.

Favorable economies of scale to lower COGS and
improve margin.

Deep expertise in designing, executing ad publishing
studies to expand evidence base, increase credibility
and gain clinical and commercial acceptance.

>$300B total addressable market across launched
and in-development products.
High potential for recurring revenue.

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Have successfully built and launched multiple
healthcare products/services across private and public
companies.
Experience expanding into new markets and targeting
new customers.

Cardiovascular Disease is the Leading Cause of Death
Globally Despite Being Largely Preventable

Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death globally,
accounting for nearly 19 million deaths per year, or about 32% of all
global deaths 

Globally, cardiovascular disease is expected to result in a cumulative
output loss of $47 trillion from 2011 to 2030 due to medical costs and
productivity losses, representing 75% of the global GDP in 2010 

Following a healthy lifestyle may prevent 72% of premature deaths
related to heart disease 

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

World Health Organization
World Economic Forum Harvard School of Public Health
Harvard School of Public Health

Cardiovascular Disease is a Burden for All Major Stakeholders

Employers

Providers and Provider
Organizations

Payers

Employers may face increased
healthcare costs due to heart disease, as
employees with cardiovascular disease
have medical costs that are twice as high
as those without the condition 

Heart disease accounts for approximately
25% of emergency room visits related to
chest pain, which can strain hospital
resources, particularly in emergency
departments 

Heart disease is responsible for a
substantial portion of healthcare
expenditure. In 2015, around 14% of total
U.S. healthcare expenditure was attributed
to cardiovascular disease 

Patients

Life Insurers

Government Entities

In the United States, heart disease is
responsible for approximately 659,000
deaths, which equates to 1 in every 4
deaths, annually 

As the number one killer, heart
disease is a leading cause of life
insurance payouts

Heart disease is among the leading causes
of death for the more than 2 million
individuals incarcerated in state and federal
prisons across the United States 

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

American Heart Association
National Center for Biotechnology Information
CDC
Wang EA, et al.,, Cardiovascular Disease in Incarcerated Populations. J Am Coll Cardiol.

Four Strategic Priorities to Realize Our Vision
Expand evidence portfolio that matters to key healthcare stakeholders
Build upon current rigorous clinical validation and real world case studies
Perform additional health economic studies to demonstrate substantial savings and ROI

Establish a robust and synergistic product pipeline
Leverage proprietary AI-Driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM to complete the development and launch of new synergistic tests
Diverse suite of tests and platforms to address cardiovascular diseases across the care continuum for major healthcare stakeholders

Take a strategic approach to commercialization and growth
Establish strong partnerships with key healthcare stakeholders to accelerate market entry and enhance overall business success
Be present in diverse markets to expand customer base, reduce risks, and capitalize on new opportunities to foster growth and resilience in
the short and long-terms

Execute on meaningful initiatives to broaden adoption
Foster strong relationships with payers to secure reimbursement towards driving sustained revenue growth and market penetration
Consider going through the FDA pathway to continue to build trust among clinicians and patients
Engage thought leaders to advocate for the clinical benefits, enhance credibility within the medical community, and foster widespread
acceptance and utilization
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Clinicians' Current Approach to Assessing Risk for and
Detecting Cardiovascular Disease (CVD)
Currently, risk for CVD is assessed using two
common lipid-based clinical tests:

FRAMINGHAM RISK SCORE
(FRS)
Age
Sex
Systolic blood
pressure
Diabetes

Total cholesterol
HDL cholesterol
Smoking
Diastolic blood
pressure

ASCVD POOLED COHORT EQUATION
(PCE)
Age
Race
Smoking
Diabetes
HDL cholesterol
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Total cholesterol
Sex
Systolic blood pressure
Receiving treatment for
high blood pressure

Currently, CVD is detected using several tests:

Exercise ECG

Cardiac Catheterization

Measures the electrical activity of
the heart during physical activity

A thin, flexible tube is inserted into an
artery or vein and guided to the heart

Echocardiography

CCTA

Ultrasound-based imaging technique
that creates detailed pictures of the
heart's structure and function

Imaging technique that uses X-rays
and contrast material to visualize
the coronary arteries

Single-Photon Emission
Computed Tomography (SPECT)

Cardiac Magnetic
Resonance Imaging

Nuclear imaging technique that uses
radioactive tracers to generate 3D
images of blood flow to the heart

Uses powerful magnets and radio
waves to create detailed images of
the heart's structure and function

Two Types of DNA Biomarkers Power Our Approach
GENETICS (SINGLE NUCLEOTIDE POLYMORPHISMS)
Inherited from parents
<20% of risk for cardiovascular disease is driven by genetics
Does not change over time (i.e., not dynamic)

EPIGENETICS (DNA METHYLATION)
Influenced by lifestyle & environment
Larger driver of risk for cardiovascular disease as
compared to genetics
Largely confounded by genetics
Changes over time (i.e., dynamic) (similar to HbA1c)

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Sum heritability from Hou, K et al.,, Nature Genetics Aug 2019, /doi.org/10.1038/S41588-019-0465-0
creativebiomart.net/epigenetics/services/dna-methylation-analysis-service/

Our AI-Driven Integrated Epigenetic-Genetic EngineTM
Proprietary Engine designed and built over more than a decade

BIG DATA

HIGH-PERFORMANCE
COMPUTING, ML/AI
AND DOMAIN
EXPERTISE

DOMAIN EXPERTISE

Billions of genetic,
epigenetic and
clinical data points

Non-linear data
mining
Assay translational
criteria

Lab translation of
assays

DNA bank
& databank

Trade secrets

Identification of robust biomarkers

Trade secrets

PRODUCT

Lab profiling using
assays
Interpretive
predictive ML model

Copyright, proprietary
& patented

Transition into clinical tests

Our AI-Driven Integrated Epigenetic-Genetic EngineTM enables rapid design, development and launch of new diagnostic solutions
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Multiple granted US and international patents; Other patents pending

Cardio Diagnostics' Suite of Solutions
Clinical solutions:

Epi+Gen CHDTM

Non-clinical solutions:

PrecisionCHDTM

Only epigenetics-based clinical blood test in the world
for coronary heart disease event risk assessment

Only epigenetics-based clinical blood test in the world
for coronary heart disease detection and management

It is a more sensitive and scalable alternative to the
Framingham Risk Score (FRS), and the Atherosclerotic
Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) Risk Calculator for
predicting the three-year-risk for a coronary heart
disease event

It is a sensitive, non-invasive, and scalable alternative
to exercise stress tests, nuclear stress tests, stress
echocardiograms, coronary angiograms, and cardiac
catheterization for evaluating coronary heart disease

CardioInnovate360TM
Research-use-only (RUO) solution to support the discovery,
development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for
the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases

HeartRiskTM
Actionable Clinical IntelligenceTM
A one-of-a-kind platform that offers new epigenetic and
genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the Epi+Gen
CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests to help help personalize
care and improve chronic care management
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

A cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to
value-based care and other provider organizations,
employers, brokers and benefits consultants, and
government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHDTM and
PrecisionCHDTM tests for optimizing strategic decisions

Our Suite of Solutions Offer Unparalleled Innovation
Current Clinical Solutions

Technology

Accessibility
and
Scalability

Actionable
Insights

Evidence

Utilize traditional, proxy biomarkers (e.g., lipid) that are
necessary but not sufficient

Utilize biological blueprint biomarkers that go beyond
traditional biomarkers

67% of patients who had a heart attack had normal total
cholesterol

Utilize self-reported/subjective biomarkers (e.g., smoking)

Utilize objective, molecular DNA biomarkers

40% of smokers fail biochemical verification of self-reported
abstinence

Emphasis on obstructive disease

Accounts for both obstructive and non-obstructive disease

50% of patients undergoing invasive angiography, particularly
women, do not have obstructive disease

Conducted only in provider-settings

Can be conducted fully remotely or in provider-settings

Average wait time for a cardiology appointment is 26.6 days

Requires specialized infrastructure

Only requires a blood sample

Rural patients are less likely to receive cardiovascular care

Fasting may be required

Fasting not required

Fasting for 10-12 hours necessary for lipid panel blood test

Exposure to ionizing radiation

No exposure to ionizing radiation

CCTA delivers 2.88 0.85 mSv (30 chest x-rays' worth)

Potential side effects (e.g., contrast dye-induced kidney
damage)

No known side effects

Acute kidney injury was 33% in those with diabetes

Lack insights for personalizing interventions

Actionable insights for personalizing interventions

Actionable insights provided via our Actionable Clinical
Intelligence platform

Lack ability to monitor the effectiveness of interventions

Dynamic biomarkers to monitor effectiveness of interventions

Our dynamic epigenetics biomarkers can change in ~90 days

Lack business insights for stakeholders

Actionable business insights for stakeholders

Actionable insights provided via our HeartRisk platform

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Cardio Diagnostics internal data
Scheuermann, T et al., Addiction. 2018

Banks, K et al., Curr Cardiol Rev. 2010
Merritt Hawkins and AMN Healthcare. 2022

Beth Israel Lahey Health. 2022
Aupongkaroon, P et al., 2022

Rudnick, MR et al., 1995
Philibert R et al., 2023

Our Differentiated Solutions Deliver Value to Key Healthcare
Stakeholders
Improve well-being
and quality of life
Receive timely and
better care

Better clinical tools
and information to
aid decision making
Save time with
more efficient
testing
Reduce healthcare
costs by reducing
unnecessary
treatments and
hospitalizations
Transition to valuebased care tied to
quality of care and
health outcomes
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Patients

Employers

Providers

Life Insurers

Reduce absenteeism
and improve
productivity among
employees
Reduce healthcare
costs by avoiding costly
disease management

Better risk assessment
and pricing of life
insurance policies
Help policyholders to
stay healthy, reducing
the number of claims

Pharma

Payers

Corrections
Reduce risks associated with inmate
transportation
Convenient heart disease testing without the
need for extensive physical infrastructure

Help accelerate drug
discovery and with
clinical trial design
Conduct postmarketing surveillance
to monitor drug safety
and effectiveness

Clear, Key Differentiations for Coronary Heart Disease
GROWTH STRATEGIES

Hospitals &
Clinics

SENSITIVE EPIGENETICS
BASED TEST

CORONARY HEART DISEASE
SPECIFIC

PHYSICIAN ORDERED AND/OR
INTERPRETED

AT-HOME TESTING AVAILABLE

MULTIPLE DNA BIOMARKERS-BASED
TEST

MONITOR TREATMENT RESPONSE 

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Comparison to PrecisionCHD for CHD detection
Comparison to detection tests such as exercise ECG

Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM: A $185B US Total
Addressable Market

We expect to accelerate the
adoption of Epi+Gen CHDTM and
PrecisionCHDTM across several
channels including:
Telemedicine
Providers - concierge
practices, innovative health
systems, value-based care
Payers
Employers
Life insurers

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Epi+Gen CHDTM is recommended
for:
Adults ages 35-75
Have not been diagnosed
with coronary heart disease
Approximately 146M
Americans
PrecisionCHDTM is recommended
for:
Adults ages 35-80
Presenting to be evaluated
for coronary heart disease
Approximately 157M
Americans

We intend to accelerate the
adoption of both tests by:
Expanding strategic channel
partnerships
Leveraging industry
organizations
Offering a piloting program
Customizing customer portal
to reduce transaction friction

Assumes 146M Americans x $350/test for Epi+Gen CHD and assumes 157M Americans x $850/test for PrecisionCHD
US Census Bureau

The Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM Can be
Leveraged Repeatedly
Assumes one patient could be tested with multiple tests

LAUNCHED

LAUNCHED

IN
DEVELOPMENT

IN
DEVELOPMENT

IN
DEVELOPMENT

TOTAL

$340B
Epi+Gen CHD

PrecisionCHD

CHF Risk

Stroke Risk

Diabetes Risk

146M adults
$350/test

157M adults
$850/test

152M adults
$350/test

153M adults
$350/test

140M adults
$350/test

$51B

$134B

$53B

$53B

$49B

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

U.S.
ADDRESSABLE
MARKET

Source: Cardio Diagnostics estimate for US market based on 2020 US Census datas
Assumes each test is administered to each patient a single time in a year although some patients may be eligible to be re-tested in less than a year
Assumed price per test

A Scalable Testing & Reporting Process to Fulfill Increasing
Demand
REMOTE

Telemedicine provider
orders test for patient

1a

At-home lancet sample
collection kit shipped to patient

2a

1b

2b

Provider/healthcare
organization orders tests

4

5

6

7

Collect blood
sample

Ship blood
sample overnight
to lab

Lab processing
of blood
sample

Process data
and generate
report

Share patient
report with
ordering provider

Lancet and/or vacutainer sample
collection kits shipped to
provider/healthcare organization

PROVIDER SETTINGS

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

3

A patient's blood sample can be collected remotely by the patient using
the fingerstick method with our self-contained lancet sample collection
kit or by a professional in a provider setting with our vacutainer kit

Pursuing A New Standard of Care for Cardiovascular Medicine
EVIDENCE
BUILDING

Continued expansion of analytical
validity, clinical validity, clinical
utility, economic utility and case
studies evidence portfolio

FDA

REIMBURSEMENT
CODES
AMA

Awarded CPT PLA(R) codes by the
American Medical Association,
0439U for Epi+Gen CHDTM and
0440U for PrecisionCHDTM
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

ENGAGE
PAYORS

Completed first pre-submission
with the FDA. Evaluating additional
pre-submissions and regulatory
strategy

COVERAGE
& PAYMENT

Continued efforts to secure
coverage and payment from
private and government payors,
with "gapfill" pricing determination
awarded for both tests by CMS

Continued engagement of payors
to explore synergistic opportunities

Robust Short-Term & Long-Term Strategic Initiatives
GROWTH STRATEGIES

INTERNAL LAB

PURSUE FDA PATHWAY

PAYOR COVERAGE

TARGET MULTIPLE REVENUE
CHANNELS

LAUNCH MULTIPLE SYNERGISTIC
PRODUCTS

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

INCREASE REVENUE

MANAGE RISKS

REDUCE VARIABLE COSTS

Strong Leadership
Experienced leadership, complementary backgrounds & vision to succeed

Warren Hosseinion, MD
Chairman
President, Nutex Health, Inc. (NUTX)
Co-founder of Astrana Health (ASTH)
Director and former CEO of Clinigence Holdings (CLNH)
MD from Georgetown University School of Medicine

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Meesha Dogan, PhD
CEO, Co-Founder, & Director
15+ years bridging engineering, AI, and medicine
Co-inventor of the Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM
PhD in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Iowa

Team Continued

Robert Philibert, MD PhD

Tim Dogan, PhD

CMO, Co-Founder & Director

CTO

17+ years in epigenetics and clinical translation
Co-inventor of the Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM
MD & PhD in Neuroscience from the University of Iowa

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

15+ years in AI and high performance computing systems
Co-inventor of the Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM
PhD in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Iowa

Elisa Luqman, JD MBA
CFO
Chief Legal Officer (SEC), Nutex Health, Inc. (NUTX)
Co-founder of bigVault Storage Technologies (acquired)
JD & MBA in Finance from Hofstra University
Licensed in NY/NJ and FL Corp Counsel

Key Milestones Achieved
Revenue and Partnerships
Secured the Innovative Technology contract with Vizient, Inc., the nation's largest provider-driven healthcare performance improvement company. Vizient's customer base
encompasses over 60% of hospitals and 97% of academic medical centers in the US.
Expanded into the employer vertical and scaled outreach to more providers in the US.
Secured contract with Family Medicine Specialists and expanded to their additional locations in Walmart and Meijer.
Entered into an agreement with Aimil Ltd to introduce our technology in India.

Reimbursement and FDA
Awarded two CPT PLA(R) codes by American Medical Association for our clinical tests, 0439U for Epi+Gen CHDTM and 0449U for PrecisionCHDTM.
Completed first pre-submission with the FDA pertaining to our PrecisionCHD test and have received feedback from the FDA on that submission.
Participated in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' (CMS) Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule annual meeting to present pricing.
Completed pre-submission with MolDX and received feedback for Medicare coverage determination.
Obtained gapfill pricing determination from CMS for Epi+Gen CHD and PrecisionCHD.

Products and Evidence
Launched PrecisionCHDTM, the first and only integrated genetic-epigenetic blood test for coronary heart disease detection.
Launched Actionable Clinical Intelligence, a platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing our Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests to
help improve chronic care management.
Launched CardioInnovate360TM, a research-use-only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and
management of cardiovascular diseases.
Launched HeartRiskTM, a SaaS cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to value-based care and other provider organizations, employers, brokers and benefits
consultants and government entities, who deploy the Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests for optimizing decisions.
Clinical evidence for PrecisionCHDTM was peer-reviewed published in the prestigious Journal of American Heart Association.
The global scalability nature of Cardio Diagnostics' solutions was highlighted in a peer-reviewed publication in Epigenomics.
A study demonstrating the use of PrecisionCHDTM to monitor the effectiveness of an intervention was peer-reviewed published in Genes.
A study demonstrating the cost savings associated with the use of PrecisionCHDTM was peer-reviewed published in Advances in Therapy.

Intellectual Property and Operations
Patents granted in India, China, Australia and the United States (second patent).
Ongoing setup of our new operations hub that includes a high complexity CLIA lab, kitting and fulfillment, and research lab, to scale operations and reduce operating costs.
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Risk Factors
Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled "Risk Factors," which represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and growth of
our business. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled "Risk Factors," alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows,
financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to:

Risks Related to Business, Industry and Business Operations
We have a limited operating history that makes it impossible to reliably predict future growth and operating results.
We have an unproven business model, have not generated significant revenues and can provide no assurance of generating significant revenues or operating profit.
The market for epigenetic tests is fairly new and unproven, and it may decline or experience limited growth, which would adversely affect our ability to fully realize the potential of our business plan.
The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail
to grow at similar rates, if at all.
If we are not able to enhance or introduce new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.
The success of our business depends on our ability to expand into new vertical markets and attract new customers in a cost-effective manner.
Our growth strategy may not prove viable and expected growth and value may not be realized.
Our future growth could be harmed if we lose the services of our key personnel.
We may face intense competition, which could limit our ability to maintain or expand market share within our industry, and if we do not maintain or expand our market share, our business and operating results will be harmed.
Our business depends on customers increasing their use of our existing and future products, and we may experience loss of customers or a decline in their use of our solutions.
We rely on a limited number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, and our tests are currently performed by a single contract high complexity Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) laboratory.
We may be unable to scale our operations successfully.
As we grow the size of our organization, we may experience difficulties in managing this growth.
Our success depends upon our ability to adapt to a changing market and our continued development of additional tests and services.
Our Board of Directors may change our strategies, policies, and procedures without stockholder approval.
We may need to seek alternative business opportunities and change the nature of our business.
We may be subject to general litigation that may materially adversely affect us and our operations.
Our management expects to continue to devote substantial time to maintaining and improving its internal controls over financial reporting and the requirements of being a public company which may, among other things, strain our resources,
divert management's attention and affect our ability to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
Certain of our core technology is licensed, and that license may be terminated if we were to breach our obligations under the license.
Our license agreement with University of Iowa Research Foundation (UIRF) includes a non-exclusive license of "technical information" that potentially could grant unaffiliated third parties access to materials and information considered
derivative work made by us, which could be used by such licensees to develop competitive products.

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Risk Factors
Risks Related to Government Regulation
We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we could incur penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations or experience adverse publicity,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
If the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance or approval and incur costs associated with
complying with post-market controls.
If our products do not receive adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, our ability to expand access to our tests beyond our initial sales channels will be limited and our overall commercial success will be limited.
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
The price of our Common Stock likely will be volatile like the stocks of other early-stage companies.
Because a substantial number of our currently outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered for resale, we may have difficulty raising additional capital when and if needed.
A significant number of shares of our Common Stock are subject to issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options, which upon such exercise may result in dilution to our security holders.
We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.
*An extensive list of factors that can affect future results are discussed in the Current Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 and on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, under the heading "Risk Factors" in
Part I, Item IA thereof, and other documents filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such factors could materially adversely affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the Company's actual results
for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed within this presentation.

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

For more information,
please email:
investors@cdio.ai

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Revolutionizing Cardiovascular
Medicine With Epigenetics & AI

APPENDIX

Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Medicine
With Epigenetics and AI

Cardiovascular Disease and Associated Co-Morbidities
In the US, nearly 18 million Americans have some type of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and CVD is responsible for both 1 in every 4 deaths
and nearly $1 billion/day in medical costs + lost productivity.

CORONARY HEART
DISEASE (CHD)
The most common type of CVD

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

STROKE

CONGESTIVE HEART
FAILURE (CHF)

DIABETES

A common type of CVD

A common type of CVD

A major risk factor for CVD

CDC Foundation
American Heart Association
CDC
Johns Hopkins Medicine

Epi+Gen CHDTM: The Only Epigenetics-Based Test For
Coronary Heart Disease Event Risk Assessment
Epi+Gen CHDTM is Cardio Diagnostics' first product that was developed using our AI-driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic
EngineTM and was validated in collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare.
Epi+Gen CHDTM is a powerful test that combines epigenetics, genetics and artificial intelligence to predict 3-year risk for a
coronary heart disease (CHD) event, including heart attacks and sudden death.
Epi+Gen CHDTM addresses the shortcomings of current risk assessment tests because it:
Demonstrated strong clinical value with 76% sensitivity for men and 78% sensitivity for women, which is 1.7 times
and 2.4 times more sensitive for men and women, respectively, compared to the average sensitivity of FRS and PCE 

Demonstrated strong economic value showing up to $42,000 in cost savings per quality adjusted life year and improved
survival 
Is a simple, non-invasive blood test performed in a high complexity CLIA lab
Sample can be collected at-home or in provider settings
Does not require fasting or depend on self-reported information
Is coupled to Cardio Diagnostics' Actionable Clinical IntelligenceTM platform to
........... provide new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the test

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

This means that for every 100 men and 100 women deemed "at-risk" for a CHD event, the test correctly identifies 76 men & 78 women
FRS: Framingham Risk Score, PCE: ASCVD Pooled Cohort Equation
Dogan et al.,, 2021, Epigenomics
Jung et al.,, 2021, Epigenomics

PrecisionCHDTM: The Only Epigenetics-Based Test For
Coronary Heart Disease Detection
PrecisionCHDTM is Cardio Diagnostics' second product that was developed using our AI-driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic
EngineTM and was validated in collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare and University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics.
PrecisionCHDTM is a powerful test that combines epigenetics, genetics and artificial intelligence to assess the presence of
coronary heart disease (CHD), the most common type of heart disease and the major cause of heart attacks.
PrecisionCHDTM addresses the shortcomings of current detection tests because it:
Demonstrated strong clinical value with 80% sensitivity for men and 76% sensitivity for women, compared to the
sensitivity of exercise ECG of 45-68% 
Demonstrated strong economic value of reducing cost by $133.57 per member per year relative to existing testing
procedures 
Is a simple, non-invasive blood test performed in a high complexity CLIA lab
Sample can be collected at-home or in provider settings without the need to wait weeks or months to get tested
Does not require preparation or exposure to radiation
Is coupled to Cardio Diagnostics' Actionable Clinical IntelligenceTM platform to provide new epigeneticand genetic
insights to clinicians prescribing the test
Multiple compelling studies to expand evidence dossier are in progress

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

This means that for every 100 men and 100 women deemed "have" CHD, the test correctly identifies 80 men & 76 women
Philibert R et al., 2023, Journal of American Heart Association
Morrow D et al., 2018, A Textbook of Cardiovascular Medicine
Frisvold D et al., 2024, Advances in Therapy

Actionable Clinical IntelligenceTM: Insights to Help Personalize
Patient Care

A one-of-a-kind platform that offers new epigenetic and genetic insights to clinicians prescribing the Epi+Gen CHDTM and
PrecisionCHDTM tests. These insights are:
Generated by integrating the test results with a patient's unique epigenetic and genetic biomarkers together with clinical
information to provide deeper and actionable insights to clinicians about factors driving the patient's coronary heart
disease
Tailored to each patient to help elucidate areas of concern and aid a clinician's independent assessment, with the goal
of improving patient outcomes
Include the relative contribution of each of the patient's biomarkers to CHD, evidence on the role of these biomarkers in
coronary heart disease pathogenesis, and changes in the measured biomarkers over time in response to lifestyle and
therapeutic interventions
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM are the Next
Generation Tests for Cardiovascular Medicine
Patient
35-75 years old
Have not developed signs or symptoms associated with coronary heart disease (CHD)
Have not been diagnosed with CHD
Have not had a bone marrow transplant

Without Epi+Gen CHDTM
Requires in-person clinic visit that may take days, weeks or
months to schedule and complete
Multiple tubes of blood needed to be collected in person for
testing
The average sensitivity of FRS & PCE was found to be 44% in
men and 32% in women
Patient care plan lacks personalization

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

With Epi+Gen CHDTM
Can be completed remotely or in provider settings
Simple blood test where lancet-based collection kit can
be done at-home or vacutainer-based collection can be
done in provider settings
The average sensitivity was 76% for men and 78%
sensitivity for women, which is 1.7 times and 2.4 times
more sensitive for men and women, respectively
Patient care plan highly personalizable with ACITM
Dogan et al.,, 2021 Epigenomics
FRS: Framingham Risk Score, PCE: ASCVD Pooled Cohort Equation

Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM are the Next
Generation Tests for Cardiovascular Medicine
Patient
35-80 years old
Presenting to be evaluated for coronary heart disease (CHD)
Have not had a bone marrow transplant

Without PrecisionCHDTM
Requires in-person clinic visit that may take days, weeks or
months to schedule and complete
Long testing duration and more invasive tests
Exposure to ionizing radiation
Patient management plan lacks personalization
The sensitivity of exercise ECG for example is only 45-68

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

With PrecisionCHDTM
Can be completed remotely or in provider settings
Simple blood test where lancet-based collection kit
can be done at-home or vacutainer-based collection
can be done in provider settings
No exposure to ionizing radiation
Patient care plan highly personalizable with ACITM
The average sensitivity is 80% for men and 76% for
women, compared to the sensitivity of exercise ECG of
45-68%
Philibert R et al.,, 2023, Journal of American Heart Association
Morrow D et al, 2018, A Textbook of Cardiovascular Medicine

CardioInnovate360TM: A BioPharma Research System That
Harnessess the Power of Epigenetics, Genetics and Artificial
Intelligence

CardioInnovate360TM is a research-use-only (RUO) solution to support the discovery, development and
validation of novel biopharmaceuticals for the assessment and management of cardiovascular diseases
Potential to provide a new and non-reimbursement-dependent revenue stream for Cardio Diagnostics
Helps establish a footprint for the company in a new market
Leverages, in part, Cardio Diagnostics' proprietary AI-Driven Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic EngineTM at scale to
help accelerate drug discovery, design clinical trials, conduct post-marketing surveillance, and develop
custom applications
Example business model for this offering includes licensing, development services etc

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

HeartRiskTM: A Cardiovascular Disease Risk Intelligence
Platform to Help Healthcare Stakeholders Make Data-Driven
Decisions

HeartRiskTM is a a SaaS cardiovascular risk intelligence platform customized to value-based care and other
provider organizations, employers, brokers and benefits consultants and government entities, who deploy the
Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests for optimizing decisions
Potential to provide a new and non-reimbursement-dependent revenue stream for Cardio Diagnostics
Helps expand the Cardio Diagnostics' footprint in key markets
Highly synergistic with Cardio Diagnostics' Epi+Gen CHDTM and PrecisionCHDTM tests, offering new opportunities
for the Company to increase the adoption of and recurring testing with its tests

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Cardio Diagnostics' Solutions are Backed by Comprehensive
Evidence that Matters to Healthcare Stakeholders
Rigorous clinical and analytical validation of biomarkers and Artificial
Intelligence models
Dogan et al, 2021, External Validation of Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic Biomarkers for
Predicting Incident Coronary Heart Disease, Epigenomics (In collaboration with
Intermountain Healthcare)
Philibert et al, 2021, The Reversion of DNA Methylation at Coronary Heart Disease Risk
Loci in Response to Prevention Therapy, Processes
Analytical validation performed to meet Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment
(CLIA) requirements
Philibert et al 2023, Validation of an Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic Test for the
Assessment of Coronary Heart Disease, Journal of American Heart Association (In
collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare and University of Iowa Hospitals and
Clinics)
Philibert et al 2023, The Reversion of the Epigenetic Signature of Coronary Heart
Disease in Response to Smoking Cessation, Genes
Additional clinical studies are ongoing

Health economic studies to demonstrate substantial savings and ROI
Jung et al, 2021, Cost-Utility Analysis of an Integrated Genetic-Epigenetic Test for
Assessing Risk for Coronary Heart Disease, Epigenomics
Frisvold et al, 2024, The Use of Precision Epigenetic Methods for the Diagnosis and
Care of Stable Coronary Heart Disease Reduces Healthcare Costs, Advances in
Therapy
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Supply Chain & Laboratory Strategy

SAMPLE COLLECTION KIT
CONTENTS & ASSEMBLY

LABORATORY STRATEGY

Common kit contents that can be sourced from
multiple distributors

Favorable agreement in place with an experienced
laboratory

Identified multiple distributors to diversify supply
chain

Refine plan to meet sample processing demand for
at least 12 months

Most kit contents are shelf-stable for years and
can be sourced well in advance

Identified lead times of key suppliers to allow
seamless capacity expansion as demand
accelerates

Maintain inventory of fully assembled kits to meet
six months of expected demand
Assembly does not require special protocol
Assembly & fulfillment of sample collection kits
integrated internally
(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Setting up an internal laboratory to scale
operations and reduce costs

Gross Margin Expansion Opportunity

1

3

Currently setting up
internal lab

2

Process larger sample
batches

Increase processing
automation

4

Bulk shipping of
sample collection kits
and/or samples

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.

Product and Company Recognitions

Disruptive Technology Award
2023 Semifinalist

(c) Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc., 2025. All rights reserved.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>image_041.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_042.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>image_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>image_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>image_044.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>image_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>image_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>image_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>image_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>image_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>image_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>image_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>image_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>image_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>image_045.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>image_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>image_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>image_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>image_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>image_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>image_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>image_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>image_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>image_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>image_034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>image_035.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>image_036.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>image_037.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>image_038.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>image_039.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>image_040.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>image_043.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>cdio-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>cdio-20250221_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>cdio-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 

Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-half of one share of common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>cdio-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 21, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41097

Entity Registrant Name CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001870144

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0925574

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 311
W. Superior Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 444

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60654

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 226-9991

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001

Trading Symbol CDIO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-half of one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock

Trading Symbol CDIOW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CDIO_CommonStockParValue0.00001Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CDIO_RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnehalfOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cardiodiagnosticsinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cdio-20250221.xsd 
cdio-20250221_def.xml 
cdio-20250221_lab.xml 
cdio-20250221_pre.xml 
cdio_8k-022125.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>0001079973-25-000308-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>cdio_8k-022125_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001870144 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

0001870144 

CDIO:CommonStockParValue0.00001Member 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

0001870144 

CDIO:RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnehalfOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001870144 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
CARDIO DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-41097 
87-0925574 
311 W. Superior Street 
Suite 444 
Chicago 
IL 
60654 
(855) 
226-9991 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 
CDIO 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock 
CDIOW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>