<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-003194.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-003194.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205170639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-003194
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avid Bioservices, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000704562
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				953698422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32839
		FILM NUMBER:		25594275

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14191 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714.508.6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14191 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE CORP/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20042975_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false04-30000070456200007045622025-02-052025-02-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

February 5, 2025

Date of Report

(Date of earliest event reported)

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Commission File Number 001-32839

Delaware

95-3698422

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

14191 Myford Road

Tustin, CA92780

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(714) 508-6100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

CDMO

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Explanatory Note: 

This Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K amends the Form 8-K that Avid Bioservices, Inc. filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on February 5, 2025 (the Original Form 8-K), solely to re-file Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K which inadvertently contained the incorrect link in the original filing. The other information disclosed in the Original Form 8-K is
unchanged.

Introductory Note

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the completion of the previously announced Merger (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated November 6, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Avid Bioservices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Space Finco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Space Mergerco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Parent and Merger Sub are owned by funds managed by affiliates of GHO Capital Partners LLP and Ampersand Capital Partners.

On February 5, 2025 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the
Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby contained in this Introductory Note, including the Merger, does not purport
to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

On the Closing Date, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of
America, as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the First Supplemental Indenture), to the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2024, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the
Original Indenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), relating to the Companys 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes). As of the Closing Date, $160,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Notes were outstanding.

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, at and after the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), the right to convert
each $1,000 principal amount of Notes was changed to a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into Reference Property (as defined in the Indenture) comprising solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate (as defined in the
Indenture) in effect on the relevant Conversion Date (as defined in the Indenture) (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Indenture, including any increase as a result of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture)) multiplied
by $12.50 (which is an amount equal to the Merger Consideration (as defined below)), and a unit of Reference Property under the Indenture will be comprised of an amount in cash equal to $12.50.

The foregoing descriptions of the Indenture and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the Indenture. A copy of the Original Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 12, 2024. A copy of the
First Supplemental Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto. The Original Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture are incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to tender for,
or purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to tender for, or purchase, any of the Notes or any other security.

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 3.01, 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this
Item 2.01.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each:

(i) 

share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for Common Stock
(A) owned or held by the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or held in the Companys treasury (other than, in each case, Common Stock held in a fiduciary or agency capacity and beneficially owned by
third parties); (B) owned or held by Parent or Merger Sub or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; and (C) any dissenting shares) was cancelled and ceased to exist and was automatically converted into the right to
receive $12.50 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration), subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable legal requirements;

(ii) 

option to purchase Common Stock (each, a Company Option) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time accelerated and became fully vested and
exercisable effective immediately prior to, and contingent upon, the Effective Time and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of (A) the total number of shares of
Common Stock subject to such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (B) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price payable per share of Common Stock under such Company Option, less
applicable tax withholdings;

(iii) 

restricted stock unit award granted pursuant to any of the Company equity plans (each, a RSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether
vested or unvested, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of (A) the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of such RSU immediately prior to
the Effective Time without regard to vesting, multiplied by (B) the Merger Consideration, less applicable tax withholdings; and

(iv) 

performance stock unit award granted pursuant to any of the Company equity plans (each, a PSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, vested in
accordance with their terms at the greater of target performance (100%) and actual performance determined as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Effective Time, and each PSU was cancelled and converted into solely the
right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of (A) the total number of shares of Common Stock (determined as set forth above) issuable in settlement of such PSU immediately prior to the Effective Time without
regard to vesting, multiplied by (B) the Merger Consideration, less applicable tax withholdings.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby contained in this Item 2.01, including the Merger, does not purport to be
complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

On February 5, 2025, the Company (i) notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and (ii) requested that Nasdaq file a Form 25
Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration with the SEC to remove the Common Stock from listing on Nasdaq and deregister the Common Stock pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act).

After effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination on Form 15 to terminate the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq was halted prior to the opening of trading on the Closing Date.

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this
Item 3.03.

Except as described in Item 2.01, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Common Stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, was automatically converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, the holders of such shares of common stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the
Company, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into
this Item 5.01.

As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent funded
the consideration payable in connection with the Merger and the related transactions, and paid the fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing Date of the Merger by Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, which amount is equal to
approximately $1,120,000,000, with debt and equity financing.

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Joseph Carleone, Ph.D., Esther Alegria, Ph.D., Richard Hancock, Catherine Mackey, Ph.D., Gregory Sargen and
Jeanne Thoma, each of whom was a director of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be a director of the Company and a member of any committee of the Companys Board of Directors. Following the Effective Time, Nicholas
Green remains a director of the Company and Daniel Hart was appointed a director of the Company.

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, was amended and restated to be in
the form of the certificate of incorporation attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger,

were amended and restated to be in the form of the bylaws attached as Exhibit 3.2 hereto. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

Press Release Announcing Completion of the Merger

On the Closing Date, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Treatment of Notes

The description contained under the Introductory Note above and in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety into
this Item 8.01.

The consummation of the Merger constitutes a Merger Event, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (each as defined in the Indenture) under the
Indenture. The effective date of the Merger Event, Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change in respect of the Notes is February 5, 2025, which is the Closing Date.

As a result of the Fundamental Change, each holder of the Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its Notes for a cash repurchase price equal to
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (as defined in the Indenture).

As the consummation of the Merger constitutes a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, any holder of Notes that converts
its Notes during a specified period of time following consummation of the Merger will convert their Notes at an increased conversion rate in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

On the Closing Date, the Company issued a press release providing notice of a Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change to holders of the
Notes in connection with the completed Merger. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Number 

Exhibit Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 6, 2024, by and among Space Finco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Space Mergerco, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and Avid Bioservices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2024).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Avid Bioservices, Inc.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avid Bioservices, Inc.

4.1 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2025, to the Indenture, dated March 12, 2024, by and between Avid Bioservices, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association.

99.1 

Press Release, dated as of February 5, 2025.

99.2 

Press Release, dated as of February 5, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

*Schedules have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, but a copy will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Daniel R. Hart

Daniel R. Hart

Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 5, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20042975_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

of

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

1. Name. The name of this corporation is Avid Bioservices, Inc. 

2. Registered Office. The registered office of this corporation in the
State of Delaware is: 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware, 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

3. Purpose. The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful
act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

4. Capital Stock. The total number of shares of stock that this
corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share. Each share of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote.

5. Change in Number of Shares Authorized. Except as otherwise provided in
the provisions establishing a class of stock, the number of authorized shares of any class or series of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the corporation entitled to vote irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

6. Election of Directors. The business and affairs of this corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors of the Corporation (Board ofDirectors). The size of the Board of Directors shall be determined as set forth in the by-laws of this corporation, as in effect
from time to time (the By-laws). The election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the By-laws shall so require.

7. Board of Directors. In furtherance and not in limitation of the power
conferred upon the Board of Directors by law, the Board of Directors shall have power to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal from time to time the By-laws of this corporation, subject to the right of the stockholders entitled to vote with
respect thereto to alter and repeal by-laws made by the Board of Directors.

8. Limitation of Liability. A director or officer of this Corporation
shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or an
officer (i) for any breach of his duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) under Section 174 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derives an improper personal benefit, or (v) in any action by or in the right of the Corporation. If the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further limiting or eliminating the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of the directors or officers of the Corporation shall be limited or
eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended from time to time. Any repeal or modification of this Section 9 by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective
only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. All references in this paragraph to an officer shall mean only a
person who at the time of an act or omission as to which liability is asserted is deemed to have consented to service by the delivery of process to the registered agent of the Corporation pursuant to 3114(b) of Title 10 (for purposes of
this sentence only, treating residents of the State of Delaware as if they were nonresidents to apply of 3114(b) of Title 10 to this sentence).

9. Indemnification.

(a) This corporation shall, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time
under the law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or hereafter be amended (but, in the case of such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law
permitted the corporation to provide prior to such amendment), indemnify any person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding or claim, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, (i) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the corporation is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans or (ii) in such person's capacity as an officer, employee or agent of the corporation or in such person's capacity as an officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, that such person is or was serving at the request of the corporation (each such person
described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), a CoveredPerson), against all expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses), liabilities, losses, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in
settlement incurred (and not otherwise recovered) in connection with the investigation, preparation to defend or defense of such action, suit, proceeding or claim and such indemnification shall continue as to a Covered Person who has ceased
to be a director or officer with respect to alleged action occurring prior to the time that the director or officer ceased to be a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not require this corporation
to indemnify any person in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim or counterclaim initiated by or on behalf of such person other than an action authorized by the Board of Directors. Such indemnification shall not be exclusive of
other indemnification rights arising under any by-law, agreement, vote of directors or stockholders or otherwise and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives of such person. Any repeal
or modification of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 10 shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a Covered Person with respect to any acts or omissions of such Covered Person occurring prior to such repeal or
modification.

(b) The right to indemnification conferred in this paragraph shall be a contract
right and shall include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an Advancement of Expenses); provided, however, that, if the DGCL
requires, an Advancement of Expenses incurred by a Covered Person in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including without limitation, service to
an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which
there is no further right to appeal that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this paragraph 9 or otherwise (hereinafter an undertaking).

(c) If a claim under this paragraph 9 is not paid in full by the corporation
within forty-five (45) days after a written claim has been received by the corporation, the Covered Person may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or part
in any such suit or in a suit brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Covered Person shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In
(i) any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit by the
Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of
conduct set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification
of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal
counsel, or its stockholders) that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by
Covered Person, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that
the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified or to such advancement of expenses under this paragraph 9 otherwise shall be on the corporation.

(d) The rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in
this paragraph 9 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise.

(e) This corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain, at its
expense, insurance to protect itself and any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any expense, liability or loss asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such
persons status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL or the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation.

10. To the maximum extent permitted from time to time under the law of the State
of Delaware, this corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to its officers, directors or
stockholders, other than those officers, directors or stockholders who are employees of the corporation. No amendment or repeal of this paragraph shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any officer, director
or stockholder of the corporation for or with respect to any opportunities of which such officer, director or stockholder becomes aware prior to such amendment or repeal. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Person purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this paragraph. As used herein, Person shall mean any individual, corporation,
general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust association or any other entity.

11. The books of this corporation may (subject to any statutory requirements) be
kept outside the State of Delaware as may be designated by the Board of Directors or in the by-laws of this corporation.

12. If at any time this corporation shall have a class of stock registered
pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for so long as such class is so registered, any action by the stockholders of such class must be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by
written consent.

13. The corporation shall not be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

THE UNDERSIGNED, hereby certifies that the facts stated above are true as of this 5th day of February, 2025.

By: 

/s/ Nicholas Green 

Name: Nicholas Green

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20042975_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS 

OF

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

A DELAWARE CORPORATION

Section 1. LAW, CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

1.1. These bylaws are subject to the certificate of incorporation of the corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation). In these
bylaws, references to law, the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws mean the law, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and these bylaws as from time to time in effect.

Section 2. STOCKHOLDERS

2.1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of other business shall be
held on such date and at such place as may be designated by the board of directors. At each annual meeting the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a board of directors and may transact such other proper business as may come before the
meeting.

2.2. Special Meetings. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, if any, the
president or the board of directors and must be called by the secretary upon the written request of any stockholder holding of record at least twenty-five percent of the outstanding shares of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such
meeting. A special meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the secretary, or in the case of the death, absence, incapacity or refusal of the secretary, by an assistant secretary or some other officer, upon application of a majority of the
directors. Any such application shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Any such call shall state the place, date, hour, and purposes of the meeting.

2.3. Place of Meeting. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such
place within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined from time to time by the chairman of the board, if any, the president or the board of directors. Any adjourned session of any meeting of the stockholders shall be held at the
place designated in the vote of adjournment.

2.4. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, a written notice of each meeting of stockholders stating the place, day
and hour thereof and, in the case of a special meeting, the purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, and to each
stockholder who, by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, is entitled to notice, by leaving such notice with him or at his residence or usual place of business, or by depositing it in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, and addressed to such stockholder at his address as it appears in the records of the corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by
electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). Such notice shall be given by the secretary, or by an officer or person designated by the board of
directors, or in the case of a special meeting by the officer calling the meeting. As to any adjourned session of any meeting of stockholders, notice of the adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the
meeting at which the adjournment was taken except that if the adjournment is for more than thirty days or if after the adjournment a new record date is set for the adjourned session, notice of any such adjourned session of the meeting shall be
given in the manner heretofore described. No notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjourned session thereof need be given to a stockholder if a written waiver of notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by such stockholder, given
before or after the meeting or such adjourned session by such stockholder, is filed with the records of the meeting or if the stockholder attends such meeting without objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the stockholders or any adjourned session thereof need be specified in any written waiver of notice.

2.5. Quorum of Stockholders. At any meeting of the stockholders a quorum as to any matter shall consist of a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter, except where a larger quorum is required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority of the votes properly cast upon the question,
whether or not a quorum is present. If a quorum is present at an original meeting, a quorum need not be present at an adjourned session of that meeting. Shares of its own stock belonging to the corporation or to another corporation, if a majority
of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not limit the right of any corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity.

2.6. Action by Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a plurality of the votes properly cast for election to any office shall
elect to such office and a majority of the votes properly cast upon any question other than an election to an office shall decide the question, except when a larger vote is required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws.
No ballot shall be required for any election unless requested by a stockholder present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election.

2.7. Action without Meetings. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be
taken by stockholders for or in connection with any corporate action may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the
corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware by hand or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which
proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Each such written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein
unless written consents signed by a number of stockholders sufficient to take such action are delivered to the corporation in the manner specified in this paragraph within sixty days of the earliest dated consent so delivered.

If action is taken by consent of stockholders and in accordance with the foregoing, there shall be filed with the records of the meetings of stockholders the writing or writings comprising such
consent.

If action is taken by less than unanimous consent of stockholders, prompt notice of the taking of such action without a meeting shall be given to those who have not consented in writing and a
certificate signed and attested to by the secretary that such notice was given shall be filed with the records of the meetings of stockholders.

In the event that the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, if such action had been voted upon by the stockholders
at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed under such provision shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such provision concerning a vote of stockholders, that written consent has been given under Section 228 of the DGCL and that written
notice has been given as provided in such Section 228.

2.8. Proxy Representation. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in all matters in which
a stockholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, objecting to or voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder or by his
attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as,
it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation
generally. The authorization of a proxy may but need not be limited to specified action, provided, however, that if a proxy limits its authorization to a meeting or meetings of stockholders, unless otherwise specifically provided such proxy shall
entitle the holder thereof to vote at any adjourned session but shall not be valid after the final adjournment thereof.

2.9. Inspectors. The directors or the person presiding at the meeting may, and shall if required by applicable law, appoint one or
more inspectors of election and any substitute inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of
inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the
meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes,
ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any
challenge, question or matter determined by them and execute a certificate of any fact found by them.

2.10. List of Stockholders. The secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete
list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in his name. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are
stockholders entitled to examine such list or to vote in person or by proxy at such meeting.

Section 3. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

3.1. Number. The corporation shall have one or more directors, the number of directors to be determined from time to time by vote of
a majority of the directors then in office. Except in connection with the election of directors at the annual meeting of stockholders, the number of directors may be decreased only to eliminate vacancies by reason of death, resignation or removal
of one or more directors. No director need be a stockholder.

3.2. Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, each director shall hold
office until the next annual meeting and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified.

3.3. Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors who
shall have and may exercise all the powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

3.4. Vacancies. Vacancies and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors may be filled by
vote of the holders of the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such director at a meeting called for the purpose, or by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, in
each case elected by the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such directors. When one or more directors shall resign from the board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who
have resigned, who were elected by the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such resigning director or directors shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote or action by writing thereon to take effect when such
resignation or resignations shall become effective. The directors shall have and may exercise all their powers notwithstanding the existence of one or more vacancies in their number, subject to any requirements of law or of the Certificate of
Incorporation or of these bylaws as to the number of directors required for a quorum or for any vote or other actions.

3.5.. Committees. The board of directors may, by vote of a majority of the whole board, (a) designate, change the membership of or terminate
the existence of any committee or committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors; (b) designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any
meeting of the committee; and (c) determine the extent to which each such committee shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, including the power to
authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which require it and the power and authority to declare dividends or to authorize the issuance of stock; excepting, however, such powers which by law, by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these bylaws they are prohibited from so delegating. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee and his alternate, if any, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Except as the board of directors may otherwise determine,
any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the board or such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as may be in the same manner as is provided by these bylaws for the conduct of
business by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors upon request.

3.6. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without call or notice at such places within or without
the State of Delaware and at such times as the board may from time to time determine, provided that notice of the first regular meeting following any such determination shall be given to absent directors. A regular meeting of the directors may be
held without call or notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders.

3.7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors may be held at any time and at any place within or without the
State of Delaware designated in the notice of the meeting, when called by the chairman of the board, if any, the president, or by one-third or more in number of the directors, reasonable notice thereof being given to each director by the
secretary or by the chairman of the board, if any, the president or any one of the directors calling the meeting.

3.8. Notice. Whenever notice to directors is required to be given by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws
(including notice regarding the time and place of any special meeting of directors), such notice shall be deemed given when delivered personally or by telephone (including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record
and communicate messages), facsimile, electronic mail, or other electronic means, to each director or sent by first-class United States mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that directors address as it is shown on the
records of the corporation, effective (i) if sent by mail, four (4) business days after deposit in the United States mail, or (ii) if delivered personally or by telephone, telegram, facsimile, electronic mail or other comparable electronic means,
twenty-four (24) hours after delivery. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone, facsimile or electronic mail may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has
reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director if a written waiver of notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by such director, given by him before or after the
meeting, is filed with the records of the meeting, or to any director who attends the meeting without protesting prior thereto or at its commencement the lack of notice to him. Neither notice of a meeting nor a waiver of a notice need specify the
purposes of the meeting.

3.9. Quorum. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, at any meeting of the
directors a majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority of the votes cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is present, and the meeting may be held as
adjourned without further notice.

3.10. Action by Vote. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, when a quorum
is present at any meeting the vote of a majority of the directors present shall be the act of the board of directors.

3.11. Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or a committee
thereof may be taken without a meeting if all the members of the board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the
records of the meetings of the board or of such committee. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as the act of the board or of such committee, as the case may be.

3.12. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone. Members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by such board,
may participate in a meeting of such board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other or by any other means permitted by law.
Such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

3.13. Compensation. In the discretion of the board of directors, each director may be paid such fees for his services as director and
be reimbursed for his reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of his duties as director as the board of directors from time to time may determine. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to preclude any director from serving
the corporation in any other capacity and receiving reasonable compensation therefor.

3.14. Interested Directors and Officers.

(a) No contract or transaction between the corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the corporation and any
other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the corporations directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or
solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the board or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if:

(1) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the board of
directors or the committee, and the board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or

(2) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or

(3) The contract or transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the board of
directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders.

(b) Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the board of directors or of a
committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

Section 4. OFFICERS AND AGENTS

4.1. Enumeration; Qualification. The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a treasurer, a secretary and such other
officers, if any, as the board of directors from time to time may in its discretion elect or appoint including without limitation a chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents and a controller. The corporation may also have such agents, if
any, as the board of directors from time to time may in its discretion choose. Any officer may be but none need be a director or stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may be required by the board of
directors to secure the faithful performance of his duties to the corporation by giving bond in such amount and with sureties or otherwise as the board of directors may determine.

4.2. Powers. Each Officer will have such powers and duties as may be prescribed by these bylaws. Subject to law, to the Certificate
of Incorporation and to the other provisions of these bylaws, the Board may, by resolution from time to time, (a) delegate or assign to any of its officers duties and powers in addition to the duties and powers set forth in these bylaws and such
duties and powers as are commonly incident to such office or (b) withhold any of the foregoing duties and powers for itself or delegate any or all of the same to one or more other officers or agents. Subject to the foregoing, each officer shall
have, in addition to the duties and powers herein set forth, such duties and powers as are commonly incident to his office and such additional duties and powers as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

4.3. Election. The officers may be elected by the board of directors at their first meeting following the annual meeting of the
stockholders or at any other time. At any time or from time to time the directors may delegate to any officer their power to elect or appoint any other officer or any agents.

4.4. Tenure. Each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of the
stockholders and until his respective successor is chosen and qualified unless a shorter period shall have been specified by the terms of his election or appointment, or in each case until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes
disqualified. Each agent shall retain his authority at the pleasure of the directors, or the officer by whom he was appointed or by the officer who then holds agent appointive power.

4.5. Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Vice President. The chairman of the board, if any, shall have such duties and
powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors. Unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, the chairman of the board, or if there is none the chief executive officer, shall preside, or designate the person who
shall preside, at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors.

Unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, the president shall be the chief executive officer and shall have direct charge of all business operations of the corporation and, subject to the
control of the directors, shall have general charge and supervision of the business of the corporation.

Any vice presidents shall have such duties and powers as shall be set forth in these bylaws or as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors or by the president.

4.6. Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. Unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, the treasurer shall be the chief
financial officer of the corporation and shall be in charge of its funds and valuable papers, and shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or by the president. If no controller is
elected, the treasurer shall, unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, also have the duties and powers of the controller.

Any assistant treasurers shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors, the president or the treasurer.

4.7. Controller and Assistant Controllers. If a controller is elected, he shall, unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, be
the chief accounting officer of the corporation and be in charge of its books of account and accounting records, and of its accounting procedures. He shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the board of
directors, the president or the treasurer.

Any assistant controller shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors, the president, the treasurer or the controller.

4.8. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The secretary shall record all proceedings of the stockholders, of the board of directors
and of committees of the board of directors in a book or series of books to be kept therefor and shall file therein all actions by written consent of stockholders or directors. In the absence of the secretary from any meeting, an assistant
secretary, or if there be none or he is absent, a temporary secretary chosen at the meeting, shall record the proceedings thereof. Unless a transfer agent has been appointed the secretary shall keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer
records of the corporation, which shall contain the names and record addresses of all stockholders and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. He shall have such other duties and powers as may from time to time be
designated by the board of directors or the president.

Any assistant secretaries shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors, the president or the secretary.

Section 5. RESIGNATIONS AND REMOVALS

5.1. Any director or officer may resign at any time by delivering written or electronically transferred notice of resignation to the
chairman of the board, if any, the president, or the secretary or to a meeting of the board of directors. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless specified to be effective at some other time, and without in either case the
necessity of its being accepted unless the resignation shall so state. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, a director (including persons elected by stockholders or directors to fill
vacancies in the board) may be removed from office with or without cause by the vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the particular class or series entitled to vote in the election of such directors. The board
of directors may at any time remove any officer either with or without cause. The board of directors may at any time terminate or modify the authority of any agent.

Section 6. VACANCIES

6.1. If the office of the president or the treasurer or the secretary becomes vacant, the directors may elect a successor by vote of a
majority of the directors then in office. If the office of any other officer becomes vacant, any person or body empowered to elect or appoint that officer may choose a successor. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term, and
in the case of the president, the treasurer and the secretary until his successor is chosen and qualified or in each case until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. Any vacancy of a directorship shall be filled as
specified in Section 3.4 of these bylaws.

Section 7. CAPITAL STOCK

7.1. Stock Certificates. Unless the corporation has provided by resolution of the board of directors that some or all of any or all
classes or series of its stock will be uncertificated, each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate stating the number and the class and the designation of the series, if any, of the shares held by him, in such form as shall, in conformity
to law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these bylaws, be prescribed from time to time by the board of directors. Such certificate shall be signed by, or in the name of, the corporation by any two authorized officers of the corporation. Any
of or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case an officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed on such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent,
or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the time of its issue.

7.2. Loss of Certificates. In the case of the alleged theft, loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate of stock, a duplicate
certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such terms, including receipt of a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim on account thereof, as the board of directors may prescribe.

Section 8. INDEMNIFICATION

8.1. Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved
in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (hereinafter an indemnitee), whether the
basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or officer, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent
authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights
than such law permitted the corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer with respect to alleged action occurring prior to the time that the director or officer
ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 8.2 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to
indemnification, the corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the board of directors of the
corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition
(hereinafter an advancement ofexpenses); provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other
capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to
repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 8 or
otherwise (hereinafter an undertaking).

8.2. Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 8.1 is not paid in full by the corporation within forty-five (45)
days after a written claim has been received by the corporation, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or part in any such suit or in a suit
brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the
indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit by the corporation to recover an advancement
of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL. Neither the
failure of the corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the
circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the
indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit
brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right hereunder, or by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to such
advancement of expenses under this Section 8 or otherwise shall be on the corporation.

8.3. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section 8 shall
not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

8.4. Insurance. The corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee, or
agent of the corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under the DGCL.

8.5. Indemnification of Employers or Agents of the Corporation. The corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by
its board of directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses, to any employee or agent of the corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section 8 with respect to the indemnification and advancement
of expenses of directors or officers of the corporation.

8.6. Indemnification Contracts. The corporations board of directors is authorized to enter into a contract with any director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or any person serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee
benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if its board of directors so determines, greater than, those provided for in this Section 8.

8.7. Effect of Amendment. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Section 8 by the stockholders or the
directors of the corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

Section 9. TRANSFER OF SHARES OF STOCK

9.1. Transfer on Books. Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificate (if any), shares of stock may be
transferred on the books of the corporation or its duly appointed transfer agent by the registered holder thereof and, in the case of certificated shares, by the surrender to the corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate therefor
properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary transfer stamps affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the board of directors or the transfer agent of the
corporation may reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these bylaws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of
such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to receive notice and to vote or to give any consent with respect thereto and to be held liable for such calls and assessments, if any, as may lawfully be made thereon,
regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of the corporation.

It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the corporation of his post office address.

9.2. Record Date. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of
stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall
not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no such record date is fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date
shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board
of directors. If no such record date has been fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board of directors is
required by the DGCL, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware by hand or certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, to its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by
the board of directors and prior action by the board of directors is required by the DGCL, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the
day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any
change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and
which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such payment, exercise or other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on
which the board of directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 10. CORPORATE SEAL

10.1. Subject to alteration by the directors, the seal of the corporation shall consist of a flat-faced circular die with the word Delaware and the name of the corporation cut or engraved
thereon, together with such other words, dates or images as may be approved from time to time by the directors.

Section 11. EXECUTION OF PAPERS

11.1. Except as the board of directors may generally or in particular cases authorize the execution thereof in some other manner, all deeds, leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes,
checks, drafts or other obligations made, accepted or endorsed by the corporation shall be signed by the chairman of the board, if any, the president, a vice president or the treasurer.

Section 12. FISCAL YEAR

12.1. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors. 

Section 13. AMENDMENTS

13.1. These bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by vote of a majority of the directors then in office or by vote of a majority of the
voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Any bylaw, whether adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders or directors, may be amended or reinstated by the stockholders or the directors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20042975_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Trustee

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of February 5, 2025

7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 5, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture),

among Avid Bioservices, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association organized under
the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the Trustee), to the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2024 (as supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof,
the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee.

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered the Indenture, pursuant to which the Company issued its 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029
(the Notes) in the original aggregate principal amount of $160,000,000;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 6, 2024 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise
modified prior to the date hereof, the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Space Finco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent), and Space Mergerco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger) on the date hereof with the Company, as the surviving entity in the Merger, becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent as of the date hereof;

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Merger Event under the Indenture;

WHEREAS, Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture provides that in the case of any Merger Event, at and after the effective time of
such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including
cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common
Stock is entitled to receive upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Merger Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted
under Section 10.01(g) of the Indenture providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however,
that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon
conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the Indenture and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the Indenture shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common
Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 of the Indenture shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares
of Common Stock would have been entitled to receive in such Merger Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, each share of Common Stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
certain shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Merger Agreement) will be cancelled and cease to exist and automatically converted into the right to receive $12.50 in cash, without interest thereon, in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement;

-2-

WHEREAS, Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into any supplemental indenture without the consent of any
Holder, among other things, in connection with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02 of the Indenture, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to
the extent expressly required by Section 14.07 of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, in connection with the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee has received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel as contemplated by Sections 10.05, 14.07(b) and 17.05 of the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture.

WITNESSETH:

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company
covenants and agrees with the Trustee as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions in the Supplemental Indenture. Unless otherwise
specified herein or the context otherwise requires:

(a) a term defined in the Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture unless the definition of such term is amended or
supplemented pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the terms defined in this Article and in this Supplemental Indenture include the plural as well as the singular; and

(c) unless otherwise stated, a reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 2

EFFECT OF MERGER ON CONVERSION

Section 2.01. Conversion Right. In accordance with and subject to Section 14.07
of the Indenture, at and after the effective time of the Merger,

(a)the right to convert each $1,000 principal
amount of Notes shall be changed to a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the Reference Property, which Reference Property shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be
increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 of the Indenture), multiplied by $12.50; and a unit of Reference Property under the Indenture will be comprised of an amount in cash equal to $12.50;

(b)the Company shall satisfy its Conversion
Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date; and

-3-

(c)the Daily VWAP of a unit of Reference Property shall be$12.50.

ARTICLE 3

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.01. Ratification of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented by this
Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. Every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter
authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be bound thereby.

Section 3.02. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained
are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. All of the provisions contained
in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of the Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though set forth in full herein.

Section 3.03. Successors. All
agreements of the Company and the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture will bind their respective successors.

Section 3.04. Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 3.05. Headings, Etc. The titles and headings of the articles and
sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 3.06. Execution in Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or
PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by
facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

Section 3.07. Severability. In the event any provision of this Supplemental
Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 3.08. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 3.09. Effectiveness. This Supplemental Indenture shall become effective
upon, without further action by the parties hereto, the effective time of the Merger.

[Signature Page Follows]

-4-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

By: /s/ Daniel Hart

Name: Daniel Hart

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Michael K. Herberger

Name: Michael K. Herberger

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20042975_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Avid Bioservices poised for significant growth with new partners GHO Capital and

Ampersand Capital Partners

Acquisition of biologics Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation Avid Bioservices now completed

GHO and Ampersands deep experience in CDMO investing to support Avids next stage of rapid growth including expanded offerings, talent investment and greater geographic reach

London, UK, Boston, MA and Tustin, CA, February 5, 2025 GHO Capital Partners LLP ("GHO"), the European specialist investor in global healthcare, and Ampersand Capital Partners (Ampersand), a private
equity firm specialising in growth equity investments in the life sciences and healthcare sectors, today announced the successful closing of the previously announced acquisition of Avid Bioservices (Avid or the Company), a dedicated biologics
Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation (CDMO) working to improve patient lives by providing high quality development and manufacturing services to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.

Avid has experienced significant growth in recent years, offering its clients full lifecycle capabilitiesfrom concept to commercial supply. With substantial investment already made by the Company in its capacity at its state-of-the art facilities
and its expertise in bioprocess optimisation, analytical testing, and regulatory compliance, Avid delivers high-quality, industry leading complex biologics to a roster of international customers.

GHO has considerable expertise in the CDMO sector through investments in its portfolio in companies like Ardena, Sterling Pharma Solutions, RoslinCT, and Alcami Corporation. Its strategy focuses on expanding technological
capabilities, driving acquisitions, and supporting transatlantic expansion across the CDMO value chain, from early-stage development to commercial manufacturing. Leveraging its healthcare expertise and network, GHO transforms CDMOs to enhance their
services and market reach, ultimately delivering better, faster and more accessible healthcare.

Alan MacKay and Mike Mortimer, Managing Partners of GHO, commented: We are delighted to start 2025 with the completion of this transaction, our first public to private deal. GHO has a deep understanding of
the CDMO sector and Avid perfectly exemplifies a company that is operating in high growth markets supporting the growing biotech sector in research and development and big pharma and large biotech for the commercialisation of cutting-edge biologics.
Avid's recent investments, both in capacity and its exemplary team, have created a strong foundation for future growth. We look forward to partnering closely with the Avid team to unlock the businesss full potential.

Nick Green, President and CEO of Avid, said: Avid has succeeded by evolving and adapting to meet our customers' complex development and manufacturing needs. The completion of this transaction marks an
exciting milestone as we move forward with new owners in GHO Capital and Ampersand who will provide us with access to resources that will accelerate our growth. With their support, we are well-positioned to enhance our capabilities, expand our
service offerings, and deliver even greater value to our customers in this next phase of our journey."

David Anderson, General Partner of Ampersand, added: Avid has earned its reputation as a leader in biopharmaceutical development and manufacturing through technical excellence, customised solutions, and
consistent regulatory compliance. By combining our deep industry expertise with Avid's established capabilities, we are positioned to deliver enhanced value and accelerate innovation for clients globally.

On 7 November 2024, GHO and Ampersand entered into a definitive merger agreement for Avid to be acquired by funds managed by GHO and Ampersand in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $1.1 billion. With the completion of the transaction,
Avids stockholders are entitled to receive $12.50 per share in cash. The Company's common stock has ceased trading and will be delisted from Nasdaq.

Advisors

William Blair served as buyside financial advisers, Ropes & Gray served as legal counsel, ClearView Healthcare Partners served as commercial advisor and Alvarez & Marsal served as financial advisors to GHO and Ampersand.

Contacts:

GHO Capital

Amber Fennell / Kris Lam

ICR Healthcare

+44 7739658783

ghocapital@icrhealthcare.com

Avid Bioservices

Stephanie Diaz

Vida Strategic Partners

415-675-7401

sdiaz@vidasp.com

Tim Brons

Vida Strategic Partners

415-675-7402

tbrons@vidasp.com

Aaron Palash / Allison Sobel

Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher

(212) 355-4449

About GHO Capital

Global Healthcare Opportunities, or GHO Capital Partners LLP, is a leading specialist healthcare investment advisor based in London. GHO Capital applies global capabilities and perspectives to unlock high growth healthcare opportunities, targeting
Pan-European and transatlantic internationalisation to build market leading businesses of strategic global value. GHO Capitals proven investment track record reflects the unrivalled depth of our industry expertise and network. GHO Capital partners
with strong management teams to generate long-term sustainable value, improving the efficiency of healthcare delivery to enable better, faster, more accessible healthcare. For further information, please visit www.ghocapital.com.

About Avid Bioservices, Inc.

Avid Bioservices is a dedicated CDMO focused on development and CGMP manufacturing of biologics. The Company provides a comprehensive range of process development, CGMP clinical and commercial manufacturing services for the biotechnology and
biopharmaceutical industries. With more than 30 years of experience producing biologics, Avid's services include CGMP clinical and commercial drug substance manufacturing, bulk packaging, release and stability testing and regulatory submissions
support. For early-stage programs the Company provides a variety of process development activities, including cell line development, upstream and downstream development and optimization, analytical methods development, testing and characterization.
The scope of our services ranges from standalone process development projects to full development and manufacturing programs through commercialization. www.avidbio.com

About Ampersand Capital Partners

Ampersand Capital Partners, founded in 1988, is a middle-market private equity firm with $3 billion of assets under management, dedicated to growth-oriented investments in the healthcare sector. With offices in Boston, MA, and Amsterdam,
Netherlands, Ampersand leverages a unique blend of private equity and operating experience to build value and drive long-term performance alongside its portfolio company management teams. Ampersand has helped build numerous market-leading companies
across each of the firm's core healthcare sectors. For additional information, visit www.ampersandcapital.com or follow us on LinkedIn.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20042975_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Avid Bioservices, Inc. Provides Notice of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change to Holders of its Convertible Notes in Connection with Completed Merger

TUSTIN, Calif., February 5, 2025 Avid Bioservices, Inc. (Avid or the Company), a dedicated biologics contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) working to improve patient lives by
providing high quality development and manufacturing services to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, today provided notice (the Notice) to holders of its 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes), pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2024 (the Indenture), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (U.S. Bank), as trustee, governing the Notes that, in connection with the closing of the transaction contemplated
by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 6, 2024 (the Merger Agreement and such transaction, the Merger), by and among Avid, Space Finco, Inc. and Space Mergerco, Inc., a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change
(each as defined in the Indenture) occurred under the Indenture on February 5, 2025. 

Notice of Fundamental Change

In connection with the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, a Fundamental Change occurred under the Indenture on February 5, 2025, which is the effective date of such Fundamental Change. In connection with such
Fundamental Change, each holder of Notes shall have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right), at such holder's option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such holder's Notes, or any portion thereof that is equal to
$1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on March 12, 2025 (the "Fundamental Change Repurchase Date") at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 

In order to exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right, a holder must surrender its Notes for repurchase and comply with the rules and procedures of The Depository Trust Company on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 11,
2025, which is the business day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Expiration Time), as further described in the Notice. In order to withdraw any Notes that have been previously surrendered for
repurchase, the holder must submit a notice of withdrawal with respect to such Notes to the paying agent, U.S. Bank, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately proceeding the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date, as further described in the Notice.

Holders of Notes should read carefully the Notice, which provides additional information regarding the rights of holders to require the Company to repurchase their Notes in connection with the Fundamental Change as well as information regarding
their conversion rights in connection with the Fundamental Change, as the Notice contains important information as to the procedures and timing for the exercise of such rights.

Notice of Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date

In connection with the closing of the Merger, a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurred under the Indenture on February 5, 2025, which is the Effective Date (as defined in the Indenture) of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. Pursuant to the
Indenture, if a holder surrenders its Notes for the conversion during the period from and including the effective date of the Merger and ending at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 10, 2025, which is the second scheduled trading day immediately
prior to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (such period, the "Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period"), the Company will increase the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) for the Notes surrendered for conversion during such
period in accordance with the Indenture as set forth below.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger, each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, was converted into the right to receive $12.50 in cash, without interest, less any applicable withholding
taxes. Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture dated February 5, 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee, to the Indenture, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes was changed to a right to convert such
principal amount of Notes into Reference Property comprising solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the relevant conversion date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares (as defined in, and pursuant to, the
Indenture)), multiplied by $12.50.

As more fully described in the Notice, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period will be an amount of cash equal to approximately $1,422.07 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes,
based on a Conversion Rate during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period equal to 113.7656 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (determined by adding (i) 101.1250 shares (the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change) (the Base Conversion Rate) plus (ii) Additional Shares of 12.6406) (the Make-Whole Conversion Rate) multiplied by $12.50.

Holders who wish to convert their Notes must satisfy the requirements set forth in the Indenture. 

Upon the expiration of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 10, 2025, the Conversion Rate will automatically, without further notice, return to the Base
Conversion Rate. Accordingly, if any holder fails to convert its Notes during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, that holder will lose its right to convert its Notes at the increased Make-Whole Conversion Rate.

After the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, the Notes will no longer be convertible solely on account of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Notes will only be convertible following the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion
Period (i) prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2028 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in the Indenture, and (ii) on or after September 1, 2028 and prior to the close of business
on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of such circumstances, in each case, in accordance with the Indenture.

Holders of Notes should read carefully the Notice, which provides additional information regarding their conversion rights in connection with the Make-Whole Fundamental Change as the Notice contains important information as to the procedures and
timing for the exercise of such rights.

About Avid Bioservices, Inc.

Avid Bioservices, Inc. is a dedicated CDMO focused on development and CGMP manufacturing of biologics. The Company provides a comprehensive range of process development, CGMP clinical and commercial manufacturing services for the biotechnology and
biopharmaceutical industries. With more than 30 years of experience producing biologics, Avid's services include CGMP clinical and commercial drug substance manufacturing, bulk packaging, release and stability testing and regulatory submissions
support. For early-stage programs the Company provides a variety of process development activities, including cell line development, upstream and downstream development and optimization, analytical methods development, testing and characterization.
The scope of our services ranges from standalone process development projects to full development and manufacturing programs through commercialization. www.avidbio.com

Contacts:

Avid Bioservices

Stephanie Diaz (Investors)

Vida Strategic Partners

415-675-7401

sdiaz@vidasp.com 

Tim Brons

Vida Strategic Partners

415-675-7402

tbrons@vidasp.com

Aaron Palash / Allison Sobel (Media)

Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher

(212) 355-4449
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cdmo-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cdmo-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cdmo-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image00002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image00003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --04-30

Entity File Number 001-32839

Entity Registrant Name AVID BIOSERVICES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000704562

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-3698422

Entity Address, Address Line One 14191 Myford Road

Entity Address, City or Town Tustin

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92780

City Area Code 714

Local Phone Number 508-6100

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CDMO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://avidbio.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cdmo-20250205.xsd 
cdmo-20250205_lab.xml 
cdmo-20250205_pre.xml 
ef20042975_8ka.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-003194-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ef20042975_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000704562 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

false 
--04-30 
0000704562 
8-K/A 
2025-02-05 
AVID BIOSERVICES, INC. 
001-32839 
DE 
95-3698422 
14191 Myford Road 
Tustin 
CA 
92780 
714 
508-6100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CDMO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>