<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001217234-25-000016.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001217234-25-000016.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328170619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001217234-25-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CareDx, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001217234
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				943316839
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36536
		FILM NUMBER:		25787500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARINA BLVD
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-287-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARINA BLVD
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BRISBANE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XDx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXPRESSION DIAGNOSTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cdna-20250328.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cdna-20250328

0001217234FALSE00012172342025-03-282025-03-28

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025

CAREDX, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 001-36536 94-3316839

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8000 Marina Boulevard, 4th Floor

Brisbane,California94005

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(415) 287-2300

Registrants telephone number, including area code 

N/A 

(Former Name, or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

(Title of each class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of exchange on which registered)

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value CDNA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On March 27, 2025, CareDx, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Amended and Restated Change of Control and Severance Agreement (the Change of Control and Severance Agreement) with Abhishek Jain, the Companys Chief Financial Officer that will remain in effect for so long as Mr. Jain remains employed by the Company. Pursuant to the Change of Control and Severance Agreement, if within three months prior to, or twelve months following, a change of control (as defined in the Change of Control and Severance Agreement) (such period, the Change of Control Period), the Company or its successor terminates Mr. Jains employment without Cause or Mr. Jain resigns for Good Reason, Mr. Jain will be entitled to (a) a lump sum payment equal to twelve months of Mr. Jains annual base salary (at the greater of the rate in effect immediately prior to the change of control or the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of such termination), (b) acceleration of vesting with respect to 100% of any unvested equity awards (with any performance criteria being deemed achieved at target levels for the relevant performance period(s)), (c) a lump sum payment equal to 100% of Mr. Jains annual bonus (equal to the greater of target bonus in effect for the fiscal year in which the change of control occurs or the target bonus in effect for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs) and (d) reimbursement of COBRA premiums for Mr. Jain and his eligible dependents for twelve months, provided, that such reimbursement will cease on the date that Mr. Jain becomes covered under a similar plan. Pursuant to the Change of Control and Severance Agreement, if the Company or its successor terminates Mr. Jains employment without Cause or Mr. Jain resigns for Good Reason outside of the Change of Control Period, Mr. Jain will be entitled to (i) twelve months severance based on Mr. Jains annual base salary payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll, and (ii) reimbursement of COBRA premiums for Mr. Jain and his eligible dependents for twelve months, provided, that such reimbursement will cease on the date that Mr. Jain becomes covered under a similar plan. Payment of the foregoing under the Change of Control and Severance Agreement is conditioned upon execution of a separation agreement and release of claims in favor of the Company. All terms used in this paragraph and not defined in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall have the meanings set forth in the Change of Control and Severance Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Change of Control and Severance Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Change of Control and Severance Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, between CareDx, Inc. and Abhishek Jain.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 28, 2025 

CAREDX, INC.

By: /s/ John W. Hanna

John W. Hanna

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101-changeofcontrol.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

CAREDX, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Change of Control and Severance Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Abhishek Jain (Executive) and CareDx, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), effective as of March 27, 2025 (the Effective Date) and supersedes the Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022, between Executive and the Company (the Prior Agreement).

RECITALS

1.The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to (i) assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of Control and (ii) provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executives employment prior to a Change of Control and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change of Control for the benefit of its stockholders.

2.The Board believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with certain severance benefits upon Executives termination of employment under certain circumstances. These benefits will provide Executive with enhanced financial security and incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company notwithstanding the possibility of a Change of Control.

3.Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 6 below.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Term of Agreement. This Agreement will remain in effect for so long as Executive remains employed by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, if Executive becomes entitled to benefits under Section 3 during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied including with respect to benefits arising out of a Change of Control which occurs after the termination of Executives employment.

2.At-Will Employment. The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executives employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. As an at-will employee, either the Company or Executive may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause and with or without Good Reason.

3.Severance Benefits.

(a) Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Unrelated to a Change of Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment with the Company without 

1

Cause (excluding death or Disability) or Executive resigns for Good Reason, and such termination occurs outside of the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:

(i) Accrued Compensation. The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, any unpaid bonus from the prior completed year (to the extent actually earned but ignoring any continued employment requirement), and all other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies and arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the unpaid prior year bonus, if any, shall be paid on the same date such bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company.

(ii) Continuing Severance Payments. Executive will be paid continuing payments of severance pay at a rate equal to Executives base salary rate, as then in effect (or, if such termination is due to Executives resignation for Good Reason due to a decrease in Executives base salary, the base salary rate in effect prior to such reduction), for twelve (12) months from the date of such termination of employment, to be paid periodically in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies.

(iii) Continuation Coverage. If Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA) within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executives eligible dependents, then the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives termination) until the earlier of (A) twelve (12) months from the date of termination or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents become covered under similar plans. The reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement policy. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 3(a)(iii), if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to, an excise tax under applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month, in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executives group health coverage in effect on the termination of employment date (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will commence on the month following Executives termination of employment and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount equal to twelve (12) payments. For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payments in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, 

2

continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.

(iv) If such termination occurs prior to the one (1) year anniversary of Executives start date, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the award agreements and plans governing Executives equity awards awarded in connection with Executive starting at the Company, such awards will vest pro rata based on the number of days that have elapsed since Executives start date (but for the avoidance of doubt, only with respect to the initial twenty-five percent (25%) cliff vesting tranches otherwise scheduled to vest on the one year anniversary of Executives start date).

(b) Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change of Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment with the Company without Cause (excluding death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs during the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:

(i) Accrued Compensation. The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, any unpaid bonus from the prior completed year (to the extent actually earned but ignoring any continued employment requirement), and all other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies and arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the unpaid prior year bonus, if any, shall be paid on the same date such bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company.

(ii) Severance Payment. Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to twelve (12) months of Executives annual base salary rate as in effect immediately prior to Executives termination date or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control (or, if such termination is due to Executives resignation for Good Reason due to a decrease in Executives base salary, the base salary rate in effect prior to such reduction). For the avoidance of doubt, if (x) Executive incurred a termination prior to a Change of Control that qualifies Executive for severance payments under Section 3(a)(ii); and (y) a Change of Control occurs within the three (3) month period following Executives termination of employment that qualifies Executive for the superior benefits under this Section 3(b)(ii), then Executive shall be entitled to a lump-sum payment of the amount calculated under this Section 3(b)(ii), less amounts already paid under Section 3(a)(ii) and such lump-sum amount shall be payable upon the later of: (A) the Change of Control, (B) the date the Release (as defined below) is effective and irrevocable or (C) such later date required by Section 4(c).

(iii) Bonus Payment. Executive will receive a lump-sum payment equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the greater of (A) Executives target bonus as in effect for the fiscal year in which the Change of Control occurs or (B) Executives target bonus as in effect for the fiscal year in which Executives termination of employment occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount paid to Executive 

3

pursuant to this Section 3(b)(iii) will not be prorated based on the actual amount of time Executive is employed by the Company during the fiscal year (or the relevant performance period if something different than a fiscal year) during which the termination occurs.

(iv) Continuation Coverage. If Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executives eligible dependents, then the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives termination) until the earlier of (A) twelve (12) months from the date of termination or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents become covered under similar plans. The reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement policy. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 3(b)(iv), if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to, an excise tax under applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month, in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executives group health coverage in effect on the termination of employment date (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will commence on the month following Executives termination of employment and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount equal to twelve (12) months of payments. For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payments in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.

(v) Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards. One hundred percent (100%) of Executives then-outstanding and unvested Equity Awards will become vested in full. If, however, an outstanding Equity Award is to vest and/or the amount of the award to vest is to be determined based on the achievement of performance criteria, then the Equity Award will vest as to one hundred percent (100%) of the amount of the Equity Award assuming the performance criteria had been achieved at target levels for the relevant performance period(s).

(c) Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause. If Executives employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive (other than for Good Reason) or (ii) for Cause by the Company, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Companys then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company.

4

(d) Disability; Death. If the Company terminates Executives employment as a result of Executives Disability, or Executives employment terminates due to Executives death, then Executive will not be entitled to receive any other severance or other benefits, except for any unpaid bonus from the prior completed year (to the extent actually earned but ignoring any continued employment requirement), and those (if any) as may then be established under the Companys then existing written severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the unpaid prior year bonus, if any, shall be paid on the same date such bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company.

(e) Exclusive Remedy. In the event of a termination of Executives employment as set forth in Section 3(a) or (b) of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company otherwise may be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses). Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.

4.Conditions to Receipt of Severance

(a) Release of Claims Agreement. The receipt of any severance payments or benefits (other than the accrued benefits set forth in either Sections 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i)) pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims, which shall not contain any mitigation, offset, or restrictive covenants which are longer or more onerous on Executive than those to which Executive is already subject, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives termination of employment (the Release Deadline). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement. In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable.

(b) Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreements. Executives receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 3 (other than the accrued benefits set forth in either Sections 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i)) will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of the Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Non-Competition, and Arbitration Agreement dated July 5, 2021, between the Company and Executive, as such agreement may be amended from time to time.

(c) Section 409A.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (Section 

5

409A) (together, the Deferred Payments) will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A.

(ii) It is intended that none of the severance payments under this Agreement will constitute Deferred Payments but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as a payment that would fall within the short-term deferral period as described in Section 4(c)(iv) below or resulting from an involuntary separation from service as described in Section 4(c)(v) below. However, any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement that would be considered Deferred Payments will be paid on, or, in the case of installments, will not commence until the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives separation from service or, if later, such time as required by Section 4(c)(iii). Except as required by Section 4(c)(iii), any installment payments that would have been made to Executive during the sixty (60) day period immediately following Executives separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid to Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives separation from service and the remaining payments will be made as provided in this Agreement.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executives termination (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executives separation from service will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executives separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executives separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executives death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.

(iv) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.

(v) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 

6

1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.

(vi) Payments with respect to reimbursements of expenses or benefits or provision of fringe or other in-kind benefits shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the relevant expense or benefit is incurred. The amount of expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement, payment or provision during a calendar year shall not affect the expenses or benefits eligible for reimbursement, payment or provision in any other calendar year.

(vii) The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions that are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.

5.Limitation on Payments. In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executives benefits under Section 3 will be either:

(a) delivered in full, or

(b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,

whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent, reduction will occur in the following order: (i) reduction of cash payments; (ii) cancellation of awards granted contingent on a change in ownership or control (within the meaning of Code Section 280G); (iii) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards; and (iv) reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of vesting of equity award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting will be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of Executives equity awards.

Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 5 will be made in writing by the Companys independent public accountants immediately prior to a Change of Control or such other person or entity to which the parties mutually agree (the Firm), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 5, 

7

the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company will bear all costs the Firm may incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 5.

6. Definition of Terms. The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

(a) Cause. Cause will mean:

(i) Executives material failure to perform Executives stated duties, and Executives continued failure to cure such failure to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within ten (10) days following written notice of such failure to Executive from the Board;

(ii) Executives material violation of a written Company policy (including any insider trading policy) or any written agreement or covenant with the Company;

(iii) Executives conviction of, or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony (other than motor vehicle offenses the effect of which do not materially impair Executives performance of Executives employment duties);

(iv) a willful act by Executive that constitutes gross misconduct and which is injurious to the Company;

(v) Executives commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company;

(vi) the unauthorized use or disclosure by Executive of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of Executives relationship with the Company; or

(vii) Executives willful failure to cooperate with an investigation by a governmental authority.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any termination for Cause relying on clause (i) or (ii) of the definition above, no Cause shall exist unless the Company has provided written notice to Executive describing in detail such Cause conduct and, to the extent an act or omission giving rise to Cause is reasonably susceptible to cure (as determined by the Companys board of directors in its reasonable, discretion), Executive shall have been given a reasonable opportunity, not to exceed thirty (30) days or other specified period above, after written notice by the Company, to cure such act or omission. The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Companys ability to terminate Executives employment relationship at any time as provided in Section 2 above, and the term Company will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate or successor thereto, if applicable.

8

(b) Change of Control. Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) A change in the ownership of the Companywhich occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, will not be considered a Change of Control; or

(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board are replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change of Control; or

(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Companys stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.

9

For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A (and specifically Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(a)(5)), as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Companys incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

(c) Change of Control Period. Change of Control Period will mean the period beginning three (3) months prior to, and ending twelve (12) months following, a Change of Control.

(d) Code. Code will mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(e) Disability. Disability will mean that Executive has been unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. Alternatively, Executive will be deemed disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration. Termination resulting from Disability may only be effected after at least thirty (30) days written notice by the Company of its intention to terminate Executives employment. In the event that Executive resumes the performance of substantially all of Executives duties hereunder before the termination of Executives employment becomes effective, the notice of intent to terminate based on Disability will automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

(f) Equity Awards. Equity Awards will mean Executives outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and any other Company equity compensation awards.

(g) Good Reason. Good Reason will mean Executives voluntary termination, within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Company cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executives consent:

10

(i) a material reduction of Executives title, duties, authority or responsibilities, relative to Employees title, duties, authority or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; provided, however, that continued employment following the Change of Control with substantially the same responsibility with respect to the Companys business and operations will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Executive will not have been removed from Executives position if Executive is employed by the Company and Executive has substantially the same responsibilities with respect to the business of the Company as Executive had immediately prior to the Change of Control, whether Executives title is revised to reflect Executives placement within the overall corporate hierarchy and whether Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit or otherwise);

(ii) a material reduction by the Company of Executives annual base salary as in effect on the Effective Date (or, if lower, as in effect immediately prior to the reduction), except to the extent the base salaries of all other senior executives of the Company are similarly reduced;

(iii) the failure of the Company to obtain assumption of this Agreement by any successor; 

(iv) a material change in the geographic location of Executives principal workplace; provided, that a relocation of less than thirty (30) miles from Brisbane, California will not be considered a material change in geographic location; or

(v) any other action or inaction by the Company which constitutes a material breach of this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Company and Executive.

Executive may not resign for Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice within ninety (90) days of the existence of the condition that Executive believes constitutes Good Reason specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice.

For purposes of the Good Reason definition, the term Company will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate or successor thereto, if applicable.

(h) Section 409A Limit. Section 409A Limit will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executives annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Executives taxable year preceding the Executives taxable year of Executives termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executives employment is terminated.

11

7. Successors.

(a) The Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company will include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

8. Notice.

(a) General. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when sent electronically or personally delivered when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or when delivered by a private courier service such as UPS, DHL or Federal Express that has tracking capability. In the case of Executive, notices will be sent to the e-mail address or addressed to Executive at the home address, in either case which Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, electronic notices will be sent to the e-mail address of the General Counsel and mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the attention of its General Counsel.

(b) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 8(a) of this Agreement. Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice).

9. Resignation. Upon the termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executives employment and Executive, at the Boards request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executives resignation.

10. Arbitration.

12

(a) Arbitration. In consideration of Executives employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and Executives receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to or resulting from Executives employment with the Company or termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the laws of the state of Executives principal residence. The Federal Arbitration Act will also apply with full force and effect, notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth under the Act.

(b) Dispute Resolution. Disputes that Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination and any statutory or common law claims. Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive.

(c) Procedure. Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures (the JAMS Rules). The arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication, motions to dismiss and demurrers and motions for class certification, prior to any arbitration hearing. The arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator will award attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party, except as prohibited by law. The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS, and all arbitrators fees, except that Executive will pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Executive initiates, but only so much of the filing fee as Executive would have instead paid had Executive filed a complaint in a court of law. Executive agrees that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with the laws of the state of Executives principal residence, and that the arbitrator will apply such states substantive and procedural law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law. To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with such applicable states law, such state law will take precedence. The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing. Any arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California.

13

(d) Remedy. Except as provided by the Act, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company. Accordingly, except as provided by the Act and this Agreement, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted.

(e) Administrative Relief. Executive is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board or the Workers Compensation Board. However, Executive may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law.

(f) Voluntary Nature of Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understands it, including that EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVES RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executives choice before signing this Agreement.

11. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) No Duty to Mitigate. Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source.

(b) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(c) Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

(d) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether 

14

expressed or implied), including the Prior Agreement, of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, but not limited to, any rights to extended post-termination exercise period, severance and/or change of control benefits set forth in Executives offer letter or agreements evidencing Executives Equity Awards, if applicable. No waiver, alteration or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement.

(e) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of Executives principal residence (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). Any claims or legal actions by one party against the other arising out of the relationship between the parties contemplated herein (whether or not arising under this Agreement) will be commenced or maintained in any state or federal court located in the jurisdiction where Executive resides, and Executive and the Company hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court.

(f) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect.

(g) Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes.

(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page to Follow]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.

COMPANY CAREDX, INC.

John W. Hanna

By: /s/ John W. Hanna

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 28, 2025

EXECUTIVE By: /s/ Abhishek Jain

Date: March 27, 2025

16

Exhibit A 

FORM OF RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This release of claims (this Agreement) is made by and between CareDx, Inc. (the Company) and Abhishek Jain (Executive). The Company and Executive are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the Parties and individually referred to as a Party.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Executive signed an Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Non-Competition, and Arbitration Agreement with the Company on July 5, 2021 (as may be amended or restated, the Confidentiality Agreement);

WHEREAS, Executive signed an Amended and Restated Change of Control and Severance Agreement with the company on March __, 2025 (as may be amended or restated, the Severance Agreement), which, among other things, provides for certain severance benefits to be paid to Executive by the Company upon the termination of Executives employment without Cause, unrelated to a Change of Control (as defined in the Severance Agreement) or following a Change of Control of the Company;

WHEREAS, Executives employment with the Company terminated effective as of the close of business on [________________], 20[XX] (the Termination Date);

WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 4 of the Severance Agreement between the Company and Executive, Executive has agreed to enter into and not revoke a standard release of claims in favor of the Company as a condition to receiving the severance benefits described in the Severance Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions and demands that Executive may have against the Company and any of the Releasees (as defined below), including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executives employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the mutual promises and covenants made herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

COVENANTS

1.Termination. Executives employment with the Company terminated on the Termination Date.

2.Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits. Executive acknowledges and represents that, other than the consideration to be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Severance Agreement, the Company has paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, draws, stock, stock options or other equity awards (including restricted stock unit awards), vesting and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive and that no other reimbursements or compensation are owed to Executive.

1

3.Release of Claims. Executive agrees that the consideration to be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Severance Agreement represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, stockholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, insurers, trustees, divisions and subsidiaries, and predecessor and successor corporations and assigns (collectively, the Releasees). Executive, on Executives own behalf and on behalf of Executives respective heirs, family members, executors, agents and assigns hereby and forever releases the Releasees from, and agrees not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute or pursue any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts or damages that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date (as defined below) of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the following:

(a) any and all claims relating to or arising from Executives employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship;

(b) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executives right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law and securities fraud under any state or federal law;

(c) any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment; termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; harassment; retaliation; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; fraud; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; conversion and disability benefits;

(d) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Equal Pay Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act;the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; the California Family Rights Act; the California Labor Code; the California Workers Compensation Act and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act;

(e) any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution;

2

(f) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination;

(g) any claim for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement; and

(h) any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs.

Executive agrees that the release set forth in this Section 3 (the Release) willbeandremainin effectinallrespectsasacompletegeneralrelease astothemattersreleased. TheReleasedoesnotextend to any severance obligations due Executive under the Severance Agreement.The Release does not releaseclaimsthatcannotbereleasedasamatteroflaw,including,butnot limitedto,Executivesright to file a charge with or participate in a charge by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or anyotherlocal,stateorfederaladministrativebodyorgovernmentagencythatisauthorizedtoenforce or administer laws related to employment, against the Company; provided, however, in each case, Executive agrees to forgo any monetary benefit from the filing of a charge or complaint with a government agency except pursuant to a whistleblower program or where Executives right to receive such a monetary benefit is otherwise not waivable by law. Executive represents that Executive has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of action or other matter waived or released by this Section 3. Nothing in this Agreement waives Executives rights to indemnification or any payments under any fiduciary insurance policy, if any, provided by any act or agreement of the Company, state or federal law or policy of insurance.

Executive represents that Executive has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of action or other matter waived or released by this Section 3. Nothing in this Agreement waives Executives rights to indemnification or any payments under any fiduciary insurance policy, if any, provided by any act or agreement of the Company, state or federal law or policy of insurance.

4.Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA. Executive acknowledges that Executive is waiving and releasing any rights Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA) and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Executive agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been advised by this writing that (a) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (b) Executive has at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) Executive has seven (7 )days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to revoke this Agreement; (d) this Agreement will not be effective until the Revocation Period (as defined below) has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the 

3

validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. In the event Executive signs this Agreement and delivers it to the Company in less than the twenty-one (21)-day period identified above, Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and understands that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the General Counsel of the Company that is received prior to the Effective Date.

5.California Civil Code Section 1542. Executive acknowledges that Executive has been advised to consult with legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

Executive, being aware of California Civil Code Section 1542, agrees to expressly waive any rights Executive may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect.

6.No Pending or Future Lawsuits. Executive represents that Executive has no lawsuits, claims or actions pending in Executives name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees. Executive also represents that Executive does not intend to bring any claims on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. Executive confirms that Executive has no knowledge of any wrongdoing involving improper or false claims against a federal or state government agency, or any other wrongdoing that involves Executive or any other present or former Company employees, including violations of the federal and state securities laws or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

7.Sufficiency of Consideration. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received good and sufficient consideration for every promise, duty, release, obligation, agreement and right contained in this Agreement.

8.Confidential Information. Executive reaffirms and agrees to observe and abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, specifically including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Companys trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information, which agreement will continue in force; provided, however, that: (a) as to any provisions regarding competition contained in the Confidentiality Agreement that conflict with the provisions regarding competition contained in the Severance Agreement, the provisions of the Severance Agreement will control; (b) as to any provisions regarding solicitation of employees contained in the Confidentiality Agreement that conflict with the provisions regarding solicitation of employees contained in this 

4

Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement will control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any governmental agency or regulatory body or making other disclosures that are protected under any whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation, or from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental agency or regulatory body.

9.Full Discharge. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the payment(s) and other benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement are in full discharge of any and all liabilities and obligations of the Company to Executive, monetarily or with respect to employee benefits or otherwise, including but not limited to any and all obligations arising under the Severance Agreement, any other alleged written or oral employment agreement, policy, plan or procedure of the Company and/or any alleged understanding or arrangement between you and the Company (other than claims for accrued and vested benefits under an employee benefit, insurance, or pension plan of the (excluding any severance or similar plan or policy), subject to the terms and conditions of such plan(s)).

10.Return of Company Property; Passwords and Password-protected Documents. Executive confirms that Executive has returned to the Company in good working order all keys, files, records (and copies thereof), equipment (including, but not limited to, computer hardware, software and printers, wireless handheld devices, cellular phones and pagers), access or credit cards, Company identification and any other Company-owned property in Executives possession or control. Executive further confirms that Executive has cancelled all accounts for Executives benefit, if any, in the Companys name, including, but not limited to, credit cards, telephone charge cards, cellular phone and/or pager accounts and computer accounts. Executive also confirms that Executive has delivered all passwords in use by Executive at the time of Executives termination, a list of any documents that Executive created or of which Executive is otherwise aware that are password-protected, along with the password(s) necessary to access such password-protected documents.

11.No Cooperation. Executive agrees that Executive will not knowingly encourage, counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges or complaints by any third party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. Executive agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges or complaints against any of the Releasees, Executive will state no more than that Executive cannot provide any such counsel or assistance.

12.Nondisparagement. Executive agrees that Executive will not in any way, directly or indirectly, do or say anything at any time which disparages the Company, its business interests or reputation or that of any of the other Releasees. This Section 12 shall not 

5

prevent the truthful testimony by any individual or entity in a legal proceeding or pursuant to a governmental, administrative or regulatory investigation.

13.No Admission of Liability. Executive understands and acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Executive. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, will be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party.

14.Costs. The Parties will each bear their own costs, attorneys fees and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Agreement.

15.Arbitration. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, WILL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN SAN MATEO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES (JAMS), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES (JAMS RULES). THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR WILL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF EXECUTIVES PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE AND THE ARBITRATOR WILL APPLY SUCH STATES SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH SUCH APPLICABLE STATES LAW, SUCH STATE LAW WILL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR WILL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION WILL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION WILL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY WILL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR WILL AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER 

6

ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WILL GOVERN.

16.Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the capacity to act on Executives own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Executive to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein.

17.No Representations. Executive represents that Executive has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Executive has relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement.

18.Severability. In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision.

19.Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executives employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executives relationship with the Company, with the exception of the Severance Agreement (until the consideration payable thereunder has been paid or provided, at which time the Severance Agreement shall also be superseded by this Agreement), the Confidentiality Agreement and Executives written equity compensation agreements with the Company.

20.No Oral Modification. This Agreement may only be amended in writing by the Parties.

21.Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of Executives principal residence without regard for choice-of-law provisions and Executive consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such state.

22.Effective Date. Executive understands that to accept this Agreement and the terms and conditions herein, Executive must execute this Agreement within twenty-one (21) days of the Termination Date (the Review Period) (but in no event earlier than the Termination Date).Each Party has seven (7) days after that Party signs this Agreement to revoke it (the Revocation Period). This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day afterExecutive signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the Effective Date). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Executive fails to execute and deliver this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Review Period or revokes this Agreement during the Revocation Period, this Agreement will be null and void and of no effect.

7

23.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile, and each counterpart and facsimile will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned.

24.Voluntary Execution of Agreement. Executive understands and agrees that Executive executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Executives claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Executive expressly acknowledges that:

(a) Executive has read this Agreement;

(b) Executive has been represented in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of Executives own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel;

(c) Executive understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and

(d) Executive is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.

* * * * *

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.

COMPANY CAREDX, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

EXECUTIVE Abhishek Jain, an individual

(Signature)

Dated: 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cdna-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cdna-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cdna-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CAREDX, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36536

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3316839

Entity Address, Address Line One 8000 Marina Boulevard, 4th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Brisbane,

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94005

City Area Code 415

Local Phone Number 287-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol CDNA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001217234

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.caredxinc.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cdna-20250328.htm 
cdna-20250328.xsd 
cdna-20250328_lab.xml 
cdna-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001217234-25-000016-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cdna-20250328_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001217234 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001217234 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
CAREDX, INC. 
DE 
001-36536 
94-3316839 
8000 Marina Boulevard, 4th Floor 
Brisbane, 
CA 
94005 
415 
287-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
CDNA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>