<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-004945.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-004945.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415214015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-004945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Technology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001900679
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41229
		FILM NUMBER:		25841091

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 823-2821

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000190067900019006792025-04-142025-04-140001900679TETEU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOrdinarySharesAndOnehalfRedeemableWarrantMember2025-04-142025-04-140001900679TETEU:OrdinarySharesMember2025-04-142025-04-140001900679TETEU:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

April 14, 2025

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Technology
& Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman
Islands 001-41229 N/A
00-0000000

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

C3-2-23A,
Jalan 1/152, Taman OUG Parklane

Off
Jalan Kelang Lama

58200Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: +60
12334 8193

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbols Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of
one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half Redeemable Warrant TETEF OTC Pink

Ordinary Shares TETWF OTC Pink

Redeemable Warrants, each
whole warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 TETUF OTC Pink

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Non-Redemption
Agreement

On
April 14, 2025, Technology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (TETE or the Company) entered
into a non-redemption agreement (the Non-Redemption Agreement) with certain institutional investors named therein
(the Investors). Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreement, the Investors agreed that, in connection with TETEs
extraordinary meeting of shareholders to be held on April 16, 2025, the Investors would not exercise their right to redeem
public shares of TETE (the Redemption Rights), or they would rescind or reverse previously submitted redemption requests
prior to the meeting. Under the terms of the Non-Redemption Agreement, provided the proposals were approved by the shareholders, TETE
and the Sponsor agreed that, promptly following the consummation of the proposed business combination, the Sponsor shall forfeit 53.2%
of 560,061 ordinary shares of the Company (the Forfeited Shares) and TETE shall issue a number of shares of the
post-closing company equal to such Forfeited Shares to the Investors (the New Shares), for no additional consideration.
The New Shares shall be issued free and clear of any liens or other encumbrances, other than (x) pursuant to the provisions of the letter
agreement, dated January 14, 2022, by and between TETE and the Sponsor, (y) restrictions on transfer imposed by the securities laws,
and (z) any other agreement relating to the shares held by the Sponsor entered into in connection with the proposed business combination
(which shall be no less favorable or more restrictive than what is agreed to by the Sponsor). At the Investors election, in lieu
of receiving the NRA New Shares, following the satisfaction of Redemption Rights in connection with the consummation of the proposed
business combination, TETE shall cause its transfer agent to pay to the Investors directly from TETEs trust account an amount
in cash equal to the product of (i) 560,061, (ii) 53.2%, and (iii) the final per-share redemption price then available to Company stockholder
(the Share Consideration Payment). In order to receive the Share Consideration Payment, the Investors shall not
redeem 53.2% of the TETE publicly traded Class A shares held by the Investor at the time of the business combination redemption deadline.

The
foregoing description of the Non-Redemption Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and
conditions of the Non-Redemption Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Non-Redemption Agreement, dated April 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
April 15, 2025

TECHNOLOGY & TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Tek
Che Ng 

Name: Tek Che Ng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

NON-REDEMPTION
AGREEMENT

This
Non-Redemption Agreement (this Agreement) is entered as of April 14, 2025 by and among Technology & Telecommunication
Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (TETE or the Company), Technology
& Telecommunication LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the undersigned investors
(collectively, the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Sponsor currently holds TETE Class A ordinary shares (previously Class B ordinary shares), par value $0.001 per share (the Founder
Shares), which Founder Shares were initially sold in a private placement in connection with TETEs initial public offering
that closed on January 20, 2022;

WHEREAS,
in connection with TETEs initial public offering, (i) the Sponsor became a party to that certain Letter Agreement, dated January
14, 2022, by and among TETE, the Sponsor, and TETEs officers and directors (the Letter Agreement), and became
bound by all terms, conditions, and covenants thereof, and (ii) the Sponsor became a party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of January 14, 2022, by and among TETE, the Sponsor, and Holders ((as such term is used therein) (the Registration
Rights Agreement);

WHEREAS,
TETE expects to hold an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (as adjourned or postponed from time to time, the Meeting)
for the purpose of approving, among other proposals, an amendment to TETEs Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(the Charter) and Investment Management Trust Agreement (the IMTA), by and between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company to extend the date by which TETE must consummate an initial business combination (the
Initial Business Combination) to August 20, 2025 (the Extension and together with all other
proposals brought at the Meeting, the Proposals) without the need to deposit additional funds into the trust account
into which the proceeds of TETEs initial public offering were deposited (the Trust Account) to effect such
Extension;

WHEREAS,
the Charter provides that a shareholder of TETEs Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share, initially sold as part of
the units in TETEs initial public offering (whether they were purchased in TETEs initial public offering or thereafter
in the open market) (the Public Shares and together with the Founder Shares, the Ordinary Shares)
may redeem its Public Shares for an estimated $12.63 per share (the Redemption Price) in connection with the proposal
to amend the Charter to effectuate the Extension upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Charter (Redemption
Rights);

WHEREAS,
as of the date of this Agreement, Investor is the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of 560,061 Public Shares (the Investor Shares)
as displayed in Exhibit A attached hereto;

WHEREAS,
Investor is willing to not exercise its Redemption Rights in connection with the Extension, or to validly rescind any previously submitted
redemption demand, with respect to the Investor Shares, subject to the terms of this Agreement;

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the closing of the proposed business combination, the Sponsor desires to forfeit
that number of Founder Shares equal to 53.2% of the Investor Shares (the Forfeited Shares) in consideration of the
Extension, and the Company desires to issue to the Investor, and the Investor desires to acquire from the Company, a number of newly-issued
TETE Ordinary Shares equal to the Forfeited Shares (the New Shares) at the time of the Closing (as hereinafter defined);

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, contemporaneously with the closing of the Initial Business Combination, following
the satisfaction of redemption demands validly submitted by TETEs public shareholders, the Company shall pay to Investor directly
from the Companys Trust Account an amount in cash equal to Share Consideration Payment (as defined below); and

1

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto entered into that certain Non-Redemption Agreement dated as of January 19, 2025 (the Prior Agreement),
pursuant to which the Investor agreed to not exercise its Redemption Rights (as defined in the Prior Agreement) in connection with TETEs
proposal to extend the date by which TETE must consummate an initial business combination from January 20, 2025 to April 20, 2025. In
connection with the Prior Agreement, and as defined in such agreement, the Company and Sponsor agreed to provide the Investor either
the Forfeited Shares (as defined in the Prior Agreement) or Share Consideration Payment (as defined in the Agreement) (the Prior
Consideration) at the Investors election. By entering into this Agreement, the Company and Sponsor acknowledge such
Prior Consideration remains due to Investor and any consideration provided to Investor herein shall be provided in addition to the Prior
Consideration.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Investor, the Company, and the Sponsor, intending to be legally bound,
hereby agree as follows:

1.
Terms of Non-Redemption; Forfeiture; and Issuance.

1.1.
Non-Redemption of Investor Shares; Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, including the additional
conditions set forth in Section 1.2, if (a) the Investor does not exercise (or exercised and validly rescinds) its Redemption
Rights with respect to all of the Investor Shares in connection with the Meeting and (b) the Proposals are approved at the Meeting and
implemented by the Company, then, at the Closing (as defined below) the Sponsor shall forfeit for no consideration the Forfeited Shares
and the Company shall issue to the Investor the New Shares for no additional consideration. The New Shares shall be issued free and clear
of any liens or other encumbrances, other than (x) pursuant to the provisions of the Letter Agreement, (y) restrictions on transfer imposed
by the securities laws, and (z) any other agreement relating to the Founder Shares entered into in connection with the proposed business
combination (which shall be no less favorable or more restrictive than what is agreed to by the Sponsor). The consummation of the forfeiture
of the Forfeited Shares by the Sponsor and the issuance of the New Shares by the Company (the Closing) shall occur
promptly following the consummation of the proposed business combination (and in any event no later than two (2) business days after
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 1.2). Alternatively, at the Investors election, at the closing
of the business combination, following the satisfaction of redemption demands validly submitted by TETEs public shareholders,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent pay to Investor directly from the Companys trust account an amount in cash equal to
the product of (i) Investors Shares, (ii) 53.2% and (iii) the final per-share redemption price then available to Company shareholder
(the Share Consideration Payment). For the avoidance of doubt, in order to receive the Share Consideration Payment,
Investor shall not redeem 53.2% of the TETE publicly traded Class A shares held by the Investor at the time of the business combination
redemption deadline. Should Investor demand and Company transfer the Share Consideration Payment, the Company shall be deemed to have
fully satisfied its obligation to issue New Shares to the Investor. Ahead of the Closing, the Investor shall receive a copy of any materials
or memos drafted in connection with the distribution of Trust Account assets prior to the execution of such documents.

1.2.
Conditions. The forfeiture of the Forfeited Shares by the Sponsor and the issuance of the New Shares by the Company shall be subject
to the conditions that, and shall not be effected unless and until, (i) the proposed business combination is consummated and (ii) the
Investor (or its permitted transferees (as provided by the provisions of the Letter Agreement, the Permitted Transferees))
executes the Joinder (as defined in Section 1.6).

1.3.
Adjustment to Share Amounts; Dividends.

1.3.1.
If, at any time prior to the Closing, the number of outstanding Founder Shares is increased or decreased by a consolidation, combination,
split, or reclassification of the Founder Shares or other similar event, then, as of the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
split, reclassification, or similar event, all share numbers referenced in this Agreement shall be adjusted in proportion to such increase
or decrease in the Founder Shares.

1.3.2.
If, at any time prior to the Closing, any dividends or distributions are paid on the Founder Shares, (i) effective as of the Closing,
the Sponsor hereby forfeits all rights to receive such dividends or other distributions with respect to the Forfeited Shares and (ii)
the Investor shall be issued such dividends or other distributions that Investor would have received if Investor had held a number of
Founder Shares equal to the Forfeited Shares immediately prior to such event.

2

1.3.3.
If, at any time prior to the Closing, there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, or merger
involving TETE in which TETEs Ordinary Shares are converted into or exchanged for securities, cash, or other property, then, following
any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, or merger, in lieu of the New Shares, the Company shall issue to the Investor
in lieu of the New Shares the kind and amount of securities, cash, or other property receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger, or consolidation, that Investor would have received if Investor had held the New Shares immediately prior to such event.

1.4.
Forfeitures; Transfers; etc. The Investor shall not be subject to forfeiture, surrender, claw-back, transfers, disposals, exchanges,
or earn-outs for any reason on the New Shares. The Investor acknowledges that prior to, or at the time of, the proposed business combination,
the Sponsor may subject the Founder Shares to earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, or other restrictions, or amend the terms under which
the Founder Shares were issued or any restrictions or other provisions relating to the Founder Shares set forth in the instruments establishing
the same (including voting in favor of any such amendment) or enter into any other arrangements with respect to the Founder Shares, and
that the Sponsor may effectuate such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments, or arrangements, including arrangements
relating to the relaxation or early release of restrictions, in such amounts and pursuant to such terms as the Sponsor determines in
his sole and absolute discretion for any reason. Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that any such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions,
amendments, or arrangements shall not apply to the New Shares and the terms and conditions applicable to the New Shares shall not be
changed or the number or amount reduced as a result of any such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments, or arrangements.

1.5.
Registration Rights. At the Closing, the Company will grant the Investor registration rights under the Registration Rights Agreement
equivalent to the registration rights that the Sponsor has with respect to the Founder Shares, and hereby represents and confirms to
the Investor that, upon the Investors receipt of the New Shares and execution of the Joinder (as defined below), (i) the Investor
shall be a Holder under the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the New Shares shall be Registrable Securities
under the Registration Rights Agreement.

1.6.
Joinder to Letter Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement. At the Closing, the Investor (or its Permitted Transferee) shall
execute a joinder to the Letter Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Joinder), pursuant to which (i) the Investor shall agree with TETE to be bound by the transfer restrictions
set forth in, and to be subject to, the provisions of the Letter Agreement solely with respect to the New Shares and (ii) to be bound
by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder thereunder with respect to the New
Shares (upon acquisition thereof) as Registrable Securities thereunder and TETE hereby agrees to execute the Joinder contemporaneously
with the Closing. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Joinder to the contrary, the Investor shall be released with respect
to the New Shares from any transfer or lock-up restrictions under the Letter Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement to the same
proportional extent as any holder of Founder Shares, including the Sponsor, is released from such restrictions.

1.7.
Termination. This Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the failure of
TETEs shareholders to approve the Proposals at the Meeting or the determination of the Company not to proceed to effect the Extension,
(b) the fulfillment of all obligations of parties hereto, (c) the liquidation or dissolution of TETE, (d) the mutual written agreement
of the parties hereto, or (e) if the Investor exercises its Redemption Rights with respect to any Investor Shares in connection with
the Meeting and such Investor Shares are actually redeemed in connection with the Meeting. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Sponsors obligation to forfeit the Forfeited Shares and the Companys obligation to issue the New Shares
shall be conditioned on (i) the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 1.2, Section 1.5, and Section 1.6
hereof and (ii) the Investor Shares not being redeemed in connection with the Meeting.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Sponsor and the
Company that:

2.1.
No Government Recommendation or Approval. The Investor understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the offering of the New Shares.

3

2.2.
Accredited Investor. At the time the Investor was offered the New Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof, the Investor is,
an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A
under the Securities Act, and acknowledges that the offer and sale contemplated hereby are being made in reliance, among other things,
on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law.

2.3.
Intent. The Investor is acquiring the New Shares solely for investment purposes, for such Investors own account (and/or
for the account or benefit of its members or affiliates, as permitted), and not with a view to the distribution thereof in violation
of the Securities Act and the Investor has no present arrangement to sell the New Shares to or through any person or entity except as
may be permitted hereunder.

2.4.
Restrictions on Transfer; Trust Account; Redemption Rights.

2.4.1.
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, following their issuance, the New Shares will be subject to the transfer restrictions and
certain other restrictions as set forth in the relevant provisions of the Letter Agreement.

2.4.2.
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the New Shares are not entitled to, and have no right, interest, or claim of any kind in or
to, any monies held in the Trust Account or distributed as a result of any dissolution or liquidation of TETE or liquidation of the Trust
Account.

2.4.3.
The Investor agrees only with TETE, solely for the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein, enforceable only by TETE, to
waive any right that it may have to elect to have TETE redeem any Investor Shares and agrees not to redeem or otherwise exercise any
right to redeem, the Investor Shares and to reverse and revoke any prior redemption elections made with respect to the Investor Shares,
in each case, solely in connection with the Proposals. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement is intended to restrict
or prohibit the Investors ability to redeem any Public Shares other than the Investor Shares, or to trade or redeem any Public
Shares (other than the Investor Shares) in its discretion and at any time or trade or redeem any Investor Shares in its discretion and
at any time after the date of the Meeting.

2.4.4.
The Investor acknowledges and understands that (a) the New Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering
in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future
the Investor decides to offer, resell, pledge, or otherwise transfer New Shares, such New Shares may be offered, resold, pledged, or
otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption
from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any
state or any other jurisdiction and (b) the New Shares may be subject to legends and stop transfer instructions consistent with the foregoing.
The Investor agrees that, if any transfer of the New Shares or any interest therein is proposed to be made (other than pursuant to an
effective registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act), as a condition precedent to any such transfer, the Investor may
be required to deliver to TETE an opinion of counsel (including internal counsel) satisfactory to TETE that registration is not required
with respect to the New Shares to be transferred. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, the Investor
agrees it will not transfer the New Shares.

2.5.
Sophisticated Investor. The Investor is sophisticated in business and financial matters and able to evaluate the risks and benefits
of the waiver of Redemption Rights on the terms set forth in this Agreement and the investment in the New Shares.

2.6.
Risk of Loss. The Investor is aware that an investment in the New Shares is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks.
The Investor is cognizant of and understands the risks related to the acquisition of the New Shares, including those restrictions described
or provided for in this Agreement and the Letter Agreement pertaining to transferability. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk
of its investment in the New Shares for an indefinite period of time and able to sustain a complete loss of such investment.

4

2.7.
Independent Investigation. The Investor has relied upon an independent investigation of TETE and has not relied upon any information
or representations made by any third parties or upon any oral or written representations or assurances, express or implied, from the
Sponsor or any representatives or agents of the Sponsor, other than as set forth in this Agreement. The Investor is familiar with the
business, operations and financial condition of TETE and has had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from TETEs
management concerning TETE and the terms and conditions of the proposed sale of the New Shares and has had full access to such other
information concerning TETE as the Investor has requested. The Investor confirms that all documents that it has requested have been made
available and that the Investor has been supplied with all of the additional information concerning this investment which the Investor
has requested.

2.8
Disclosure of Information. The Investor or its advisor has had an opportunity to receive, review, and understand all information
related to the Company requested by it and to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company regarding the Company, its business,
and the terms and conditions of the offering of the New Shares, and has conducted and completed its own independent due diligence. Such
Investor acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to review TETEs filings made with the SEC that are available on the SECs
EDGAR system. Based on the information the Investor or its advisor has deemed appropriate, and without reliance on TETE or the Sponsor
or their respective advisors, the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. The Investor
or its advisor is relying exclusively on its own sources of information, investment analysis and due diligence (including professional
advice it deems appropriate), including, but not limited to, all business, legal, regulatory, accounting, credit, and tax matters.

2.9.
Organization and Authority. If an entity, the Investor is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which
it was organized and it possesses all requisite power and authority to acquire the New Shares, execute and deliver into this Agreement,
and to perform all the obligations required to be performed by the Investor hereunder. If the Investor is a natural person, he or she
has all the requisite power and authority and has taken all action necessary in order to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform
his or her obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.10.
Non-U.S. Investor. If the Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Code)), the Investor hereby
represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to
subscribe for the New Shares or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the acquisition
of the New Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such acquisition, (iii) any governmental or other consents that
may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the acquisition, holding,
redemption, sale, or transfer of the New Shares. The Investors subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership
of the New Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Investors jurisdiction.

2.11.
Authority. This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Investor, assuming due authorization, execution,
and delivery by the Company and the Sponsor, is a valid and binding agreement of the Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium,
reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies, or by equitable
principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state
securities laws or principles of public policy.

2.12.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) result in a violation of the Investors organizational documents, (ii) violate, conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation of, any agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a party,
or (iii) result in a violation of any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Investor is subject (including federal and state
securities laws), or any order, judgment or decree applicable to Investor, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights, or violations that would not reasonably be expected to prevent the Investor from fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement.

5

2.13.
No Intent to Effect a Change of Control; Ownership. The Investor has no present intent to effect a change of control
of TETE, as such term is understood under the rules promulgated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

2.14.
No Advice from the Sponsor or Company. The Investor has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the form of Joinder with the Investors own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any
statements or representations of the Sponsor and the Company explicitly made in this Agreement, the Investor is relying solely on such
counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations, express or implied, of the Sponsor or the Company or any of its or
their representatives or agents for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, for legal, tax, or investment advice, with
respect to this investment, the Sponsor, TETE, the New Shares, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction.

2.15.
Reliance on Representations and Warranties. The Investor understands that the New Shares are being offered and sold to the Investor
in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations
of various states, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments,
and understandings of the Investor set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.16.
No General Solicitation. Assuming the accuracy of the Companys representations and warranties in Section 4.3, the
Investor is not subscribing for New Shares as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising within the
meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication
published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or any seminar or meeting whose attendees
have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

2.17.
Brokers. No broker, finder, or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by the Investor in connection
with the acquisition of the New Shares nor is any person entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

2.18.
No Other Representations and Warranties; Non-Reliance. Except for the specific representations and warranties contained in this
Section 2 and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Investor has not made, does not hereby make, and
shall not be deemed to have made any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Investor, and the Investor
disclaims any such representation or warranty. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly made by the Sponsor in
Section 3 and by the Company in Section 4 of, and elsewhere in, this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered
pursuant hereto, the Investor specifically disclaims that it is relying upon any other representations or warranties that may have been
made by the Sponsor or the Company.

3.
Representations and Warranties of the Sponsor. The Sponsor represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Investor that:

3.1.
Organization and Authority. The Sponsor is a limited liability company duly formed and validly existing and in good standing as
a limited liability company under the laws of its state of incorporation and possesses all requisite limited liability company power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of the obligations required to be performed by the Sponsor hereunder. All
corporate action on the part of the Sponsor and its officers, directors, and members necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Sponsor required pursuant hereto has been taken. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the Sponsor and (assuming due authorization, execution, and delivery by the Company and Investor) constitutes
the Sponsors legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against the Sponsor in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application
and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of
public policy.

6

3.2.
Title to Securities. The Sponsor is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Founder Shares
and will, immediately prior to the forfeiture of the Forfeited Shares, be the record and beneficial owner of the Forfeited Shares, in
each case, free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts,
proxies and other arrangements or restrictions of any kind (other than transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply
to the Founder Shares generally and applicable securities laws).

3.3.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Sponsor of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) any agreement or instrument to which the Sponsor
is a party or by which it is bound with respect to the Founder Shares (including the Letter Agreement) or (ii) any law, statute, rule,
or regulation to which the Sponsor is subject or any order, judgment, or decree to which the Sponsor is subject, except, in each case,
for such conflicts, defaults or violations that would not reasonably be expected to prevent the Sponsor from fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement. The Sponsor is not required under federal, state, or local law, rule, or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization,
or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement, including the forfeiture of the Forfeited Shares, in accordance with the terms hereof.

3.4.
Transfer Restrictions. Until termination of this Agreement, the Sponsor shall not transfer any of the Forfeited Shares or any
interest therein or right referencing or related thereto other than any transfer in connection with an proposed business combination
as contemplated by this Agreement.

3.5.
Reliance on Representations and Warranties. The Sponsor understands and acknowledges that the Investor is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments, and understandings of the Sponsor set forth in this Agreement.

3.6.
No Pending Actions. There is no action pending against the Sponsor or, to the Sponsors knowledge, threatened against the
Sponsor or, before any court, arbitrator, or governmental authority, that, in any manner, challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, or
materially delay the performance by the Sponsor of its obligations under this Agreement.

3.7.
No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly contained in this Section
3 and elsewhere in this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Sponsor has not made, does not
hereby make and shall not be deemed to make any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Sponsor, the
Meeting, the Proposals, the forfeiture by the Sponsor of the Forfeited Shares or the issuance by the Company of the New Shares hereunder,
and the Sponsor disclaims any such representation or warranty.

4.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Investor that:

4.1.
Organization and Authority. The Company is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it was organized
and it possesses all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform all the obligations required to be performed
by the Company hereunder. This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed, and delivered by the Company, assuming due authorization,
execution, and delivery by the Sponsor and the Investor, is a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by
federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

4.2.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) result in a violation of the Companys organizational documents, (ii) violate, conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation of, any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party,
or (iii) result in a violation of any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Investor is subject (including federal and state
securities laws), or any order, judgment, or decree applicable to the Company, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for
such conflicts, defaults, rights, or violations that would not reasonably be expected to prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement.

7

4.3.
No General Solicitation. The Company has not offered the New Shares by means of any general solicitation or general advertising
within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice, or other
communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or the internet or broadcast over television or radio or the internet
or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

4.4.
Valid Issuance. The New Shares have been or will be duly and validly authorized and, on the date of issuance will be duly and
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free of all preemptive or similar rights, liens or other encumbrances, other than (x)
pursuant to the Letter Agreement, (y) restrictions on transfer imposed by the securities laws, and (z) any other agreement relating to
the Founder Shares entered into in connection with the proposed business combination (which shall be no less favorable or more restrictive
than what is agreed to by the Sponsor).

4.5.
Brokers. No broker, finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by the Company in connection
with the sale of the New Shares nor is any person entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

4.6.
Reliance on Representations and Warranties. The Company understands and acknowledges that the Investor is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments, and understandings of the Company set forth in this Agreement.

4.7.
No Pending Actions. There is no action pending against the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the
Company, before any court, arbitrator, or governmental authority, that, in any manner, challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, or materially
delay the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement.

4.8.
No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly contained in this Section
4 and elsewhere in this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Company has not made, does not
hereby make, and shall not be deemed to have made any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company,
the Meeting, the Proposals, the forfeiture by the Sponsor of the Forfeited Shares or the issuance by the Company of the New Shares hereunder,
and the Company disclaims any such representation or warranty.

5.
Additional Investor Covenants.

5.1.
[Reserved]

5.2.
No Borrowing. The Investor hereby agrees only with TETE, solely for the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein,
enforceable only by TETE, that it shall not borrow the Investor Shares to satisfy the requirement in Section 1.1(a) to hold the
Investor Shares on the date of the Meeting.

6.
No Withdrawals from Trust Account. Until the earlier of (a) the consummation of TETEs proposed business combination and
(b) the liquidation of the Trust Account, or such later time the Company may approve in accordance with the Charter, the Company will
maintain the investment of funds held in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank. TETE further
agrees that it will not utilize any funds from its Trust Account for the payment of any taxes or dissolution expenses, including, but
not limited to, the $100,000 withdrawal permitted for dissolution expenses under the IMTA.

7.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles
or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a
jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. With respect to any
suit, action, or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, the undersigned irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States District Court or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the New York state courts located in the Borough of
Manhattan, State of New York.

8

8.
Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment.

8.1.
Assignment. Any assignment of this Agreement or any right, remedy, obligation, or liability arising hereunder by any party
hereto to any person that is not an affiliate of such party shall require the prior written consent of the other parties hereto.

8.2.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto as to the subject
matter thereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of any and every nature among them relating
to the subject matter hereof.

8.3.
Amendment. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived,
discharged, or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver,
discharge, or termination is sought.

8.4.
Binding upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective
heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

9.
Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given
if in writing and personally delivered, sent by email or other electronic transmission, provided that the sender does not receive a bounce-back
reply of non-delivery, sent by courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or another recognized
overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, at its address provided for
herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been
received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next day or second-day courier service, or if sent by
mail, then three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a)
if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the party has provided to receive notice and (b) if by any
other form of electronic transmission, when directed to such party.

10.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including
any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures
and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

11.
Survival; Severability.

11.1.
Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the closing of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11.2.
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such
severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

12.
Headings. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in
construing or interpreting this Agreement.

9

13.
Disclosure; Waiver. In connection with the entry into this Agreement, TETE will file all required disclosures required to comply
with the rules and guidance promulgated by the SEC with respect to the Rule 14e-5 prohibition of purchases outside a tender offer, including,
but not limited to, all requirements set forth in Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 166.01 and (to the extent that it has not
already filed) a Current Report on Form 8-K under the Exchange Act reporting, to the extent not previously publicly disclosed, the material
terms of this Agreement. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with one another to assure that such disclosure is accurate. TETE
agrees that the name of the Investor shall not be included in any public disclosures related to this Agreement unless required by applicable
law, rule, regulation, or stock exchange rule. The Investor (i) acknowledges that the Sponsor may possess or have access to material
non-public information which has not been communicated to the Investor; (ii) hereby waives any and all claims, whether at law, in equity
or otherwise, that he, she, or it may now have or may hereafter acquire, whether presently known or unknown, against the Sponsor or any
of TETEs officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns relating to any failure to disclose
any non-public information in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, including any potential business combination
involving TETE, including, without limitation, any claims arising under Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act; and (iii) is aware that the Sponsor
and Company are relying on the truth of the representations set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and the foregoing acknowledgement
and waiver in this Section 13, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. TETE shall, by 9:30 a.m., New
York City time, no later than the first business day immediately following the execution of this Agreement, issue one or more press releases
or file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (collectively, the Disclosure Document) disclosing, to the extent
not previously publicly disclosed, all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other material, nonpublic information
that TETE has provided to Investor at any time prior to the filing of the Disclosure Document. Upon the issuance of the Disclosure Document
or the initial Form 8-K referred to in the first sentence of this Section 13, to TETEs knowledge, Investor shall not be
in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from TETE or any of its officers, directors, or employees.

14.
Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any party pursuant hereto, shall
be deemed to constitute the Investor and the Sponsor as, and the Sponsor acknowledges that the Investor and the Sponsor do not so constitute,
a partnership, a limited partnership, a syndicate, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, including, but not limited
to, for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of securities of TETE, or create a presumption that the Investor and the Sponsor
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
any matters, and the Sponsor acknowledges that the Investor and the Sponsor are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Sponsor
shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

15.
Most Favored Nation. In the event the Sponsor or TETE has entered into or enters one or more other non-redemption agreements before
or after the execution of this Agreement in connection with the Meeting, the Sponsor and TETE represent that the terms of such other
agreements are not materially more favorable in the aggregate to such other investors thereunder than the terms of this Agreement are
in respect of the Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Sponsor and TETE hereby acknowledge and agree that a ratio of Investor Shares
to New Shares in any such other non-redemption agreement that is more favorable to any other investor party to such other agreement than
such ratio in this Agreement is to Investor would be materially more favorable to such other investor. In the event that another investor
is afforded any such more favorable terms than the Investor, the Sponsor shall promptly inform the Investor of such more favorable terms
in writing (email being sufficient), and the Investor shall have the right to elect to have such more favorable terms included herein,
in which case the parties hereto shall promptly amend this Agreement to effect the same.

[signature
page follows]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

INVESTOR: 

METEORA SELECT TRADING OPPORTUNITIES MASTER, LP; 

METEORA CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP; 

METEORA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY FUND I, LP; AND 

METEORA STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC 

By: /s/ Vikas Mittal 

Name: Vikas Mittal 

Title: Managing Member 

COMPANY:

TECHNOLOGY &
TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: /s/ Tek Che Ng

Name: Tek Che Ng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SPONSOR:

TECHNOLOGY & TELECOMMUNICATION LLC

By: /s/ Tek Che Ng

Name: Tek Che Ng 

Title: Manager

[Signature
Page to Non-Redemption Agreement]

11

Exhibit
A

Investor Investor
Shares 

Meteora Select Trading Opportunities
Master, LP 326,176 

Meteora Capital Partners, LP 175,698 

Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP 47,179 

Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC 11,008 

Total 560,061 

[Exhibit
A to Non-Redemption Agreement]

12

Exhibit
B

FORM
OF JOINDER

TO

LETTER
AGREEMENT

AND

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

_______,
2025

Reference
is made to that certain Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of ______, 2025 (the Agreement), by and among Meteora
Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, LLC, Meteora Capital Partners, LP, and Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (Investor),
Technology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (the Company), and Technology & Telecommunication
LLC (the Sponsor), pursuant to which Investor agreed not to exercise Redemption Rights with respect to certain Investor
Shares and, in consideration therefor, acquired securities of the Company upon the consummation of the Companys proposed business
combination. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

By
executing this Joinder, Investor hereby agrees, as of the date first set forth above, that Investor (i) shall become a party to that
certain Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2022, by and among TETE, the Sponsor, and TETEs officers and directors (as it may
be amended from time to time, the Letter Agreement), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Letter Agreement,
and shall be bound by, and shall, subject to the acknowledgment below, be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth under the relevant
provisions of the Letter Agreement solely with respect to its New Shares in the same manner as if Investor were a Sponsor
original signatory to the Letter Agreement; provided, however, that the Investor shall be permitted to transfer its New
Shares to its affiliates in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Letter Agreement; and (ii) shall become a party to that certain
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2022, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and the Sponsor (as it may
be amended from time to time, including in connection with the proposed business combination, the Registration Rights Agreement),
and shall be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder (as defined therein) and entitled to
the rights of a Holder under the Registration Rights Agreement and the New Shares (together with any other equity security of the Company
issued or issuable with respect to any such New Shares by way of a share dividend or share subdivision or in connection with a combination
of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, or reorganization) shall be Registrable Securities thereunder.

For
the purposes of clarity, it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained herein, in the Letter Agreement (to the
extent applicable to the Investor) and the Registration Rights Agreement is between the Company and Investor, solely, and not between
and among Investor and the other shareholders of the Company signatory thereto.

This
joinder may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g.,
www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, all of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute
one instrument.

[signature
page follows]

13

INVESTOR:

[ ]

By: 

COMPANY:

TECHNOLOGY
& TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

[_] 

SPONSOR:

TECHNOLOGY
& TELECOMMUNICATION LLC

By: 

[_] 

[Signature
Page to Joinder to Letter Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>teteu-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>teteu-20250414_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>teteu-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half Redeemable Warrant 

Ordinary Shares 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>teteu-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-004945-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001900679 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001900679 

TETEU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOrdinarySharesAndOnehalfRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001900679 

TETEU:OrdinarySharesMember 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001900679 

TETEU:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001900679 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
Technology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
001-41229 
00-0000000 
C3-2-23A 
Taman OUG Parklane 
Off Jalan Kelang Lama 
58200 
Kuala Lumpur 
MY 
+60 1 
2334 8193 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half Redeemable Warrant 
TETEF 
Ordinary Shares 
TETWF 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 
TETUF 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41229

Entity Registrant Name Technology
& Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001900679

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One C3-2-23A

Entity Address, Address Line Two Taman OUG Parklane

Entity Address, Address Line Three Off
Jalan Kelang Lama

Entity Address, City or Town Kuala Lumpur

Entity Address, Country MY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 58200

City Area Code +60
1

Local Phone Number 2334 8193

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half Redeemable Warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of
one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half Redeemable Warrant

Trading Symbol TETEF

Ordinary Shares 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares

Trading Symbol TETWF

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each
whole warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol TETUF

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TETEU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOrdinarySharesAndOnehalfRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TETEU_OrdinarySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TETEU_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tete-acquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
teteu-20250414.xsd 
teteu-20250414_def.xml 
teteu-20250414_lab.xml 
teteu-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>