<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-002466.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-002466.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411163027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-002466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tianci International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001557798
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				455440446
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42591
		FILM NUMBER:		25832472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509-768-2249

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Steampunk Wizards, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREEDOM PETROLEUM INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120910
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tianci_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000155779800015577982025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

______________

FORM 8-K

______________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): April
11, 2025

______________

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

______________

Nevada 333-184061 45-5540446

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

Unit
B,10/F., Ritz Plaza, No.122 Austin
Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong
Kong999077

(Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)

852-22510781

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 CIIT The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material
pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note:

On April 11, 2025, the Company closed its public offering
(the Uplisting) of 1,750,000 common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares) and a resale offering
of 3,260,000 Shares. The Company completed the Uplisting and resale offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-280089), originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 10, 2024 (as amended)
(the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on April 9, 2025. The Shares
were priced at $4.00 per share, and the offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The Shares were previously approved for listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced trading under the ticker symbol CIIT on April 10, 2025.

On April 9, 2025, the Company entered into an underwriting
agreement with American Trust Investment Services, Inc. (the Representative). The underwriting agreement is attached hereto
as Exhibit 1.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

On April 11, 2025, the Company also issued the Representative
a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 87,500 Shares. A copy of the Representatives warrant is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto
and incorporated herein by reference.

In connection with Uplisting, the Company issued a
press release on April 9, 2025, announcing the pricing of the Uplisting and a press release on April 11, 2025, announcing the closing
of the Uplisting, respectively. Copies of each press release are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 and are incorporated
by reference herein.

This report does not constitute an offer to sell,
or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement dated April 9, 2025 between the Company and American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

4.1 Representatives Warrant

99.1 Press Release on Pricing of the Companys Nasdaq Uplisting

99.2 Press Release on Closing of the Companys Nasdaq Uplisting

104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the iXBRL document)

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Date: April 11, 2025

By: 

/s/ Shufang Gao

Name: Shufang Gao

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tianci_ex0101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 9, 2025 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

April 9, 2025

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

1244 119th Street

Whiting, IN 46394

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule
A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Tianci International,
Inc., a Nevada company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with the
several underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (such underwriters including Representative (as defined below), collectively,
hereafter referred to as the Underwriters, and each of them as an Underwriter), for which American
Trust Investment Services, Inc. acting as the representative of the several ,Underwriters (in such capacity, the Representative),
to issue and sell an aggregate of 1,750,000 shares of common stock (the Firm Shares) of the Company, par value of
$0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).

The Company has also granted
to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 262,500 additional shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions for the purposes
set forth in Section 2(c) hereof (the Additional Shares). The Firm Shares and any Additional Shares purchased
pursuant to this Agreement are herein collectively referred to as the Offered Securities. The offering and sale of
the Offered Securities contemplated by this Agreement is referred to herein as the Offering.

The Company confirms its
agreement with the Underwriters as follows:

SECTION 1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and
warrants to each of the Underwriters as follows with the understanding that the same may be relied upon by the Underwriters in the Offering,
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (as defined below) and each Option Closing Date (as defined below), if any:

(a)Filing
of the Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280089), which contains a form of prospectus to be used in connection with the
Offering. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto contained in the
registration statement at the time such registration statement became effective, in the form in which it was declared effective by the
Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations), and including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at
the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, or pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations),
is called the Registration Statement. Any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act is called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and from and after the date and time of filing
of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the term Registration Statement shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement. Such prospectus, in the form first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act after the date and time that this
Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto, or, if no filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is required,
the form of final prospectus relating to the Offering included in the Registration Statement at the effective date of the Registration
Statement (Effective Date), is called the Prospectus. All references in this Agreement to the
Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement (each,
a preliminary prospectus), the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include
any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR).
The preliminary prospectus that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below)
is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. Any reference to the most recent preliminary prospectus
shall be deemed to refer to the latest preliminary prospectus included in the registration statement. Any reference herein to any preliminary
prospectus or the Prospectus or any supplement or amendment to either thereof shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents incorporated
by reference therein as of the date of such reference.

1 

(b) Applicable
Time means 5:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time (EST), on the date of this Agreement.

(c)Compliance
with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission under the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations on April 9, 2025. The Company has complied, to the Commissions satisfaction, with all requests
of the Commission for additional or supplemental information. No stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission.

Each preliminary
prospectus and the Prospectus when filed complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed by electronic
transmission pursuant to EDGAR (except as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act), was identical in content to the
copy thereof delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the Offering, other than with respect to any artwork and graphics
that were not filed. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, at the time it
became effective and at all subsequent times until the expiration of the prospectus delivery period required under Section 5(b) of
the Securities Act, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and did
not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date and at all subsequent times
until the Underwriters have completed the Offering, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The representations and warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from
the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, or in the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Underwriters furnished
to the Company in writing expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished on behalf
of any of the Underwriters consists of (i) the name of the Underwriters contained on the cover page of the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus and (ii) the sub-sections titled Indemnification, Lock-up Agreements,
Pricing of the Offering, Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities, Price Stabilization,
Short Positions and Penalty Bids, Passive Market Making, Other Relationships, and Selling Restrictions,
in each case under the caption Underwriting in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus (the Underwriter
Information). There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that have not been fairly and accurately described
in all material respects or filed as required.

(d) Disclosure
Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Pricing Prospectus, as amended or supplemented,
(ii) each issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus), if any, identified in Schedule B hereto, (iii) the pricing terms set forth in Schedule
C to this Agreement, and (iv) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree
in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package
based upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.

(e)Company
Not Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) as of the date of the execution
and delivery of this Agreement (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was
not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by
the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer.

(f)Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses. No Issuer Free Writing Prospectus includes any information that conflicts with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified.
The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity
with the Underwriter Information.

2 

(g)Offering
Materials Furnished to the Underwriters. The Company has delivered to the Underwriters copies of the Registration Statement
and of each consent and certificate of experts filed as a part thereof, and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus, as amended
or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as the Underwriters have reasonably requested in writing.

(h)Distribution
of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed or authorized the distribution of, and will not distribute,
prior to the completion of the Offering, any offering material in connection with the Offering other than a preliminary prospectus, the
Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Underwriters, and the Registration
Statement.

(i)The
Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid and binding
agreement of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnification hereunder may be limited by applicable
law and except as the enforcement hereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws relating
to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles.

(j)Authorization
of the Offered Securities. The Offered Securities to be sold by the Company through the Underwriters have been duly and
validly authorized by all required corporate action and have been reserved for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when
so issued and delivered by the Company, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free, and clear of all Liens (as defined
below under Section 1(r)) imposed by the Company. The Common Stock underlying the Representatives Warrants (the Underlying
Shares and together with the Representatives Warrants, the Underwriters Securities) are duly authorized
and, when issued and paid for in accordance the terms of the Representatives Warrants, as applicable, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has a sufficient number of authorized
Common Stock for the issuance of the maximum number of Offered Securities issuable pursuant to the Offering as described in the Prospectus.

(k) No
Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have
any securities of the Company registered for sale under the Registration Statement and included in the Offering.

(l)No
Material Adverse Change. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, except as otherwise disclosed
in the Disclosure Package, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package: (i) there
has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the
condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary
course of business, of the Company (any such change, a Material Adverse Change, and any resulting effect, a Material
Adverse Effect); (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent,
not in the ordinary course of business nor entered into any material transaction or agreement not in the ordinary course of business;
and (iii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company in respect of its Common Stock.

(m)Independent
Accountants. Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. (the Prior Accountant), which has expressed its opinions with
respect to certain of the audited financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) of the
Company filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is
an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and is not in violation of the
auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Bush & Associates CPA (the Current Accountant),
which has expressed its opinions with respect to certain of the audited financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes
the related notes thereto) of the Company filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
and is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

3 

(n)Preparation
of the Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, presents fairly the information provided as of and at the dates and for the periods indicated (provided that
unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate
and do not contain all footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). Such financial
statements comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved,
except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. Except as included therein, no other financial statements or supporting
schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus.

(o)Incorporation
and Good Standing. The Company has been duly formed and is validly existing as a company limited by shares under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its formation and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association
or other entity that is not otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus.

(p)Capitalization
and Other Share Capital Matters. The authorized, issued, and outstanding shares of the Company is as set forth in each
of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described
in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of outstanding options or warrants described in the Disclosure Package
and Prospectus, as the case may be). The Common Stock conforms, and, when issued and delivered as provided in this Agreement, the Offered
Securities will conform, in all material respects to the description thereof contained in each of the Disclosure Package and Prospectus.
All the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable
and have been issued in compliance with applicable laws. None of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were issued in violation of any
preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. There are no
authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of the Company other than those described in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. The description of the Companys stock option and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options
or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents the information
required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options, and rights. No further approval from Nasdaq or authorization of
any shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities. Except as set forth
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other
similar agreements with respect to the Common Stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Companys shareholders.

(q) Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Company is not in violation of its memorandum and
articles of association, as amended and restated or in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default)
under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or
by which it may be bound (including, without limitation, any agreement or contract filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement or
to which any of the property or assets of the Company are subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except for such
Defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and will not result in any violation of the provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
of the Company, as amended and restated, (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to, or require the consent
of any other party to, any Existing Instrument and (iii) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or
administrative or court decree applicable to the Company, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the extent such
conflict, breach Default or violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, authorization
or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, is required for
the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except
the registration or qualification of the Offered Securities under the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws
and from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc. (FINRA).

4 

(r) Subsidiaries.
Each of the Companys direct and indirect subsidiaries (each a Subsidiary, and collectively, the Subsidiaries)
has been identified on Schedule E hereto. Each of the Subsidiaries has been duly formed, is validly existing under the
laws of Seychelles or Hong Kong, as the case may be, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has
full power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure
to be so qualified or be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, all of the equity interests
of each Subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Company, are
fully paid in accordance with its articles of association, memorandum of association or charter documents, as amended and restated from
time to time and non-assessable and are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims (Liens). None
of the outstanding share capital or equity interest in any Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any
security holder of such Subsidiary. All the constitutive or organizational documents of each of the Subsidiaries comply with the requirements
of applicable laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. Apart from the Subsidiaries,
the Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries or any other company over which it has direct or indirect effective control. Other
than the Subsidiaries, the Company does not directly or indirectly control any entity through contractual arrangements or otherwise such
that the entity would be deemed a consolidated affiliated entity whose financial results would be consolidated under U.S. GAAP with the
financial results of the Company on the consolidated financial statements of the Company, regardless of whether the Company directly
or indirectly owns less than a majority of the equity interests of such person.

(s)No
Actions or Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no legal,
governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, demands, claims, suits, arbitrations, inquiries or proceedings (collectively, Actions)
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, (i) threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) have as the subject
thereof any of the executive officers, directors, or key employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of the properties
owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, where in any such case (A) there is a reasonable possibility that such
Action might be determined adversely to the Company and (B) any such Action, if so determined adversely, would reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except
as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no material labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists
or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened or imminent. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a
member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. No executive officer, to the knowledge of the Company, is in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. Except as otherwise disclosed in
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be
in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise
disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company or any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company any
director or officer of the Company, is or has within the last ten (10) years been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or contemplated, any investigation
by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.

5 

(t)Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company owns, possesses or licenses, and otherwise has legally enforceable rights to use all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, domain names, licenses, approvals and trade secrets (collectively, Intellectual
Property Rights) reasonably necessary to conduct its business as now conducted or, otherwise, as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except to the extent such failure to own, possess or have other rights to use such
Intellectual Property would not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (i) the Company has not received any written notice of infringement or conflict
with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others; (ii) the Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements
with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement,
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described in all material respects; (iii) none of the technology employed by the
Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the
Companys knowledge, in violation of the rights of any persons; and (iv) the Company is not subject to any judgment, order,
writ, injunction or decree of any court or any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, or any arbitrator,
nor has it entered into nor is it a party to any agreement made in settlement of any pending or threatened litigation, which materially
restricts or impairs its use of any Intellectual Property Rights.

(u)All
Necessary Permits, etc. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company, and each of its
Subsidiaries, possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits issued by the applicable regulatory agencies or bodies
necessary to conduct its business, and has made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate national, regional, local or other
governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or assets or the conduct
of their respective businesses as described in (the Registration Statement), the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where any
lack of the licenses would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and has not received
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such licenses and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Company
has no reason to believe that such licenses will not be renewed in the ordinary course of their respective businesses that, if determined
adversely to the Company, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. Such licenses are valid and in full force
and effect and contain no materially burdensome restrictions or conditions not described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, or the Prospectus.

(v)Title
to Properties. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has good and marketable
title to all the properties and assets reflected as owned by it in the financial statements referred to in Section 1(n) above
(or elsewhere in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, lien, encumbrance,
equity, adverse claim or other defect, except such as do not materially and adversely affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company. The real property, improvements, equipment, and personal
property held under lease by the Company are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do
not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment, or personal property
by the Company.

(w)Tax
Law Compliance. (i) Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have each filed all federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns required to be filed as of the
date of this Agreement or has timely and properly filed requested extensions thereof and has paid taxes required to be paid by them and,
if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them in all material respects. (ii) No tax
deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has had (nor does the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company or its
Subsidiaries and which could reasonably be expected to have) a Material Adverse Effect. (iii) The Company has made adequate charges, accruals
and reserves in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 1(n) above in respect of all federal, state,
and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

(x)Company
Not an Investment Company.The Company is not, and after giving effect to payment for the Offered Securities
and the application of the proceeds as contemplated under the caption Use of Proceeds in each of the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

6 

(y) No Price
Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to, or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(z)Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions, directly or indirectly, involving
the Company or its Subsidiaries with any related person required to be described or filed in the Registration Statement, or described
in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and the Pricing
Prospectus.

(aa) Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. To the extent required, the Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act Regulations) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of (a) any significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal controls
which could adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or any material weaknesses
in internal controls or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Companys internal controls.

(bb) Companys
Accounting System. To the extent required, the Company maintains a system of accounting controls designed to provide reasonable
assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and
to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or
specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(cc)Money
Laundering Law Compliance. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance
with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, as amended
by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act
of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, and
the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by
any competent governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to any Anti-Money
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(dd) No
Accounting Issues. The Company has not received any notice, oral or written, from its Board of Directors or Audit Committee
stating that it is reviewing or investigating, and neither the Companys independent auditors nor its internal auditors have recommended
that the Board of Directors or Audit Committee review or investigate, (i) adding to, deleting, changing the application of, or changing
the Companys disclosure with respect to, any of the Companys material accounting policies; or (ii) any matter which could
result in a restatement of the Companys financial statements for any annual or interim period during the current or prior two (2)
fiscal years.

(ee)OFAC.
(i) Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any Subsidiary, is an individual or entity (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person
that is:

A. the subject
of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union (EU), Her Majestys Treasury
(HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor

B. located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Burma/Myanmar, Cuba, Iran, Libya,
North Korea, Sudan and Syria).

7 

(ii) The Company will not, directly,
or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary or affiliated
entity, joint venture partner or other Person:

A. to fund or facilitate any activities
or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of
Sanctions; or

B. in any other manner that will result
in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor
or otherwise).

(ff)Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act.Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries to the best of the Companys knowledge, any
director, officer, employee or affiliate of the Company, any Subsidiary or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly
or indirectly, taken any action that (i) would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or otherwise subject the Company to any damage or
penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if done in the past, might reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) if continued in the future, might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect
the assets, business, or operations of the Company. The foregoing includes, without limitation, giving or agreeing to give any money,
gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) official or employee of any
governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to
help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction).

(gg)Internal
Control and Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company, its Subsidiaries and the Companys Board of Directors
have taken all reasonably necessary actions to ensure that, upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company will be
in compliance with any provision applicable to it of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and
the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including, without limitation, Section 402 related to loans and Sections
302 and 906 related to certifications of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and all applicable rule of the Exchanges. The Company maintains a system
of internal controls, including, but not limited to, disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over accounting matters and
financial reporting, an internal audit function and legal and regulatory compliance controls (collectively, Internal Controls)
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations including without limitation the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission, and the rules of the listing exchanges.

(hh) Exchange
Act Filing. A registration statement in respect of the Offered Securities has been filed on Form 8-A pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act, which registration statement complies in all material respects with the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no
action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Offered Securities
under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

(ii)Earning
Statements. The Company will make generally available (which includes filings pursuant to the Exchange Act made publicly
through the EDGAR system) to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than sixteen (16) months after the
end of the Companys current fiscal year, an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a twelve (12) month period
that shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations.

(jj)Periodic
Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), the Company shall file, on a timely basis,
with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Company shall report the
use of proceeds from the issuance of the Firm Shares as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act.

(kk) Forward-looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or shall be contained in any amendments and supplements
thereof, has been made, or will be made, without a reasonable basis as reasonably determined by the Company at the moment such a statement
is made or will be made, or has been disclosed or will be disclosed other than in good faith.

8 

(ll) Foreign
Tax Compliance. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no transaction, stamp, capital
or other issuance, registration, transaction, transfer or withholding taxes or duties are payable in Seychelles or Hong Kong or to any
Seychelles or Hong Kong taxing authority in connection with the issuance, sale and delivery of the Offered Securities, and the delivery
of the Offered Securities to or for the account of the Underwriters.

(mm) Mainland
China. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are not subject to mainland China laws and regulations, such as those relating to
data and cyberspace security, and anti-monopoly concerns; (ii) are not required to obtain any permissions or approvals from the mainland
China authorities, including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Cyberspace Administration of China
(CAC), to operate the business or to list securities on the U.S. exchanges and offer securities, including but not
limited to this Offering and to issuing Common Stock to foreign investors; and (iii) have not applied for or been denied of any such permissions
or approvals from the mainland China authorities. For avoidance of doubt, the oversight by the CAC over data security does not have any
impact on the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries or this Offering.

(nn)D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as well as in
the Lock-up Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A provided to the Representative is true and correct in
all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires
completed by each Insider to become inaccurate and incorrect.

(oo)Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of each Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder, the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the
Company would receive, were to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, are sufficient
to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect
of its debt). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one (1) year from each Closing Date. The Registration Statement and the Prospectus set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the
purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (A) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of
$50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (B) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (C) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000
due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(pp) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one authorized to act on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Offered Securities or Underlying Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any
compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Offered Securities of the Underlying Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay
to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Underwriter in connection with the Offering.

9 

(qq)EGC
Status and Testing-the-Waters Communications. From the time of the initial confidential submission of the Registration
Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to
act on its behalf in any Test-the-Waters Communication), or, if no initial confidential submission of the Registration statement, then
the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission, through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the
Act. The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (ii) has
not authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representative
have been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule F hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under
the Securities Act. As of the time of each sale of the Shares in connection with the offering when the Prospectus is not yet available
to prospective purchasers, no individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communications, when considered together with the Time of Sale Prospectus,
included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(rr)Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of
the Offered Securities to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve
Board.

(ss) Insurance.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any reason to believe
that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(tt) No
Finders Fee. There are no contracts, agreements, or understandings between the Company or its Subsidiaries and any other
person that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or its Subsidiaries or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finders
fee or other like payment in connection with this Offering, or any other arrangements, agreements, understandings, payments, or issuance
with respect to the Company, or its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, employees or
related parties that may affect the Underwriters compensation as determined by FINRA.

(uu) Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries
has made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (A) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee
or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided
capital to the Company (B) any FINRA member or (C) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided
hereunder in connection with the Offering.

(vv) Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

10 

(ww) Information.
All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to the Underwriters counsel specifically for use by the Underwriters
counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all
material respects.

(xx) No
FINRA Affiliations. To the Companys knowledge and except as disclosed to the Representative in writing, no (i) officer
or director of the Company or its subsidiaries, (ii) owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of the Companys securities
or (iii) owner of any amount of the Companys unregistered securities acquired within the one hundred eighty (180) day period immediately
prior to the date that the Registration Statement was initially filed with the Commission, has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any FINRA member. The Company will advise the Representative and counsel to the Underwriters if it becomes aware that any such person
described in (i) to (iii) under this Section 1(xx) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in
the offering.

(yy) Operating
and Other Data. All operating and other data pertaining to the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are true and accurate in
all materials respects.

(zz) Third-party
Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data, which are included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
is based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate, and such data
agrees with the sources from which it is derived, and the Company has obtained the written consent for the use of such data from such
sources to the extent required.

(aaa) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are (A) in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances
or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (B) have received and are in compliance with all permits,
licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (C) have not
received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic
substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required
permits, licenses or other approvals, or liability would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(bbb) Compliance
with Law, Constitutive Documents and Contracts. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (A) in breach or violation
of any provision of applicable law (including, but not limited to, any applicable law concerning information collection and user privacy
protection) or (B) in breach or violation of its respective constitutive documents, or (C) in default under (nor has any event occurred
that, with notice, lapse of time or both, would result in any breach or violation of, constitute a default under or give the holder of
any indebtedness (or a person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all
or a part of such indebtedness under) any agreement or other instrument that is binding upon the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or
any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
except in the cases of (A) and (B) above, where any such breach, violation or default would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ccc) No
Unlawful Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, shares to any person or entity with the
intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers
or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish
favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

(ddd)Integration.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under
the Securities Act.

11 

(eee) Representation
of Officers. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to counsel for the Representative
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters set forth therein. The Company
acknowledges that the Underwriters and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 6 hereof, counsel to the
Company, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

SECTION 2. Firm
Shares; Additional Shares and Representatives Warrants

(a)Purchase
of Firm Shares. Based on the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set
forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 1,750,000 the Firm Shares at a purchase price of $4.0
per Share. The Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company the Firm Shares in such amounts as set forth opposite their respective
names on Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof.

(b)Delivery
of and Payment for Firm Shares. Delivery of and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 A.M., Eastern time,
on the second (2nd) business day following the Applicable Time, or at such time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative
and the Company, at a place (including remotely by electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company.
The hour and date of delivery of and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date. The closing of the payment
of the purchase price for, and delivery of certificates representing the Firm Shares, is referred to herein as the Closing.
Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds upon delivery to the Underwriters
of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Shares (or if uncertificated
through the full fast transfer facilities of the Depository Trust Company (the DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters.
The Firm Shares shall be registered in such names and in such denominations as the Underwriters may request in writing at least two (2)
business days prior to the Closing Date. If certificated, the Company will permit the Underwriters to examine and package the Firm Shares
for delivery at least one full business day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm
Shares except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for all the Firm Shares.

(c)Additional
Shares. The Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up
to an additional 262,500 shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares), in each case solely for the purpose of covering
over-allotments of such securities, if any. The Over-allotment Option is exercised at the Underwriters sole discretion.

(d)Exercise
of Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof may be exercised by the
Representative no later than forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date. The purchase price to be paid per Additional Shares shall be
equal to the price per Firm Share in Section 2(a). The Underwriters shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Additional
Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Underwriters shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Additional
Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may only be exercised by a formal
written notice signed by authorized signature of the Representative setting forth the number of Additional Shares to be purchased and
the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Additional Shares (the Exercise Notice). Any oral notice or
email notice to the Company from the Representative shall be confirmed by the Exercise Notice via overnight mail or electronic transmission.
The date and time for delivery of and payment for the Additional Shares (the Option Closing Date) shall not be later
than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Underwriters,
at the offices of the Representatives counsel at such other place (including remotely by electronic transmission) as shall be agreed
upon by the Company and the Underwriters. If such a delivery and payment for the Additional Shares does not occur on the Closing Date,
the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion
of the Additional Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to
the Underwriters the number of Additional Shares specified in such notice and (ii) the Underwriters shall purchase that portion of
the total number of Additional Shares.

12 

(e) Delivery
and Payment of Additional Shares. Payment for the Additional Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer
in Federal (same day) funds, upon delivery to the Underwriters of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters)
representing the Additional Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Additional Shares shall
be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Underwriters may request in writing at least two (2) full
Business Days prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Additional Shares except upon
tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Additional Shares. The Option Closing Date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier
than, the Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous with the Closing Date, the term Closing Date
shall refer to the time and date of delivery of the Firm Shares and Additional Shares.

(f)Underwriters
Commission. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Underwriters commission
equal to seven percent (7%) of the gross proceeds.

(g) Representatives
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue to the Representative on the applicable Closing Date as compensation, warrants, substantially
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, to purchase such number of Common Stock equal to 5 % of the Offering (the Representatives
Warrants). The Representatives Warrants shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time on or after six (6) months
after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to five (5)
years after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, at an
initial exercise price, which is equal to one hundred twenty percent (120%)
of the initial public offering price of a Firm Share.

SECTION 3. Covenants
of the Company.

The Company also covenants
and agrees with each of the Underwriters as follows:

(a)Underwriters
Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period beginning at the Applicable Time and ending on the later
of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be
delivered in connection with sales by the Underwriters or selected dealers, including under circumstances where such requirement may be
satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any amendment or supplement through incorporation by reference of any report filed
under the Exchange Act, the Company shall furnish to the Underwriters for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement,
and the Company shall not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Underwriters reasonably objects.

(b)Securities
Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall promptly advise
the Underwriters in writing (i) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the
Commission, (ii) of the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, (iii) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement becomes effective and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or of any order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Offered
Securities from any securities exchange upon which they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening
or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention
or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment or
will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as
practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b) and 430A, as applicable, under
the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder and will confirm that any filings made by the
Company under such Rule 424(b) were received in a timely manner by the Commission.

13 

(c)Exchange
Act Compliance. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, to the extent the Company becomes subject to reporting obligation
under the Exchange Act, the Company will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15
of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act.

(d) Amendments
and Supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If, during the Prospectus Delivery
Period, any event or development shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as then
amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it
shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Underwriters it is otherwise
necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file a new registration statement
containing the Prospectus, in order to comply with law, including in connection with the delivery of the Prospectus, the Company agrees
to (i) notify the Underwriters of any such event or condition (unless such event or condition was previously brought to the Companys
attention by the Underwriters during the Prospectus Delivery Period) and (ii) promptly prepare (subject to Section 3(a) and Section 3(e) hereof),
file with the Commission (and use its best efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement
to be declared effective) and furnish at its own expense to the Underwriters and to dealers, amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any new registration statement, necessary in order to make the statements in the
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the
case may be, not misleading or so that the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented,
will comply with law.

(e)Permitted
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written
consent of the Underwriters, it will not make, any offer relating to the Offered Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided
that the prior written consent of the Underwriters hereto shall be deemed to have been given in respect of each free writing prospectuses
listed on Schedule B hereto. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Underwriters is hereinafter referred
to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the
case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply,
as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus,
including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)Copies
of any Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus. The Company agrees to furnish the Underwriters, without charge, during the
Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of each of the preliminary prospectuses, the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package and any
amendments and supplements thereto (including any documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein) as the Underwriters
may reasonably request.

(g) Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities sold by it substantially in the
manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(h)Transfer
Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Offered Securities.

(i)Internal
Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and to maintain accountability
for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The internal controls, upon consummation of the Offering, will be overseen by the audit committee of
the Companys board of directors in accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (Nasdaq).

14 

(j)Exchange
Listing. The Common Stock has been duly authorized for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice
of issuance. Upon consummation of the Offering, the Company will be in material compliance with the provisions of the rules and regulations
promulgated by Nasdaq and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such
listing and maintenance requirements (to the extent applicable to the Company as of the date hereof or the Closing Date; and subject to
all exemptions and exceptions from the requirements thereof as are set forth therein, to the extent applicable to the Company). Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing and subject to the qualifications above: (i) all members of the Companys board of
directors who are required to be independent (as that term is defined under applicable laws, rules and regulations), including,
without limitation, all members of each of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee
of the Companys board of directors, meet the qualifications of independence as set forth under such laws, rules and regulations,
(ii) the audit committee of the Companys board of directors has at least one member who is an audit committee financial
expert (as that term is defined under such laws, rules and regulations), and (iii) that, based on discussions with Nasdaq,
the Company meets all requirements for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(k) Absence
of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any person (including
any governmental or regulatory agency or body or any court) is required to be obtained or made by the Company for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the Offering, issuance and sale of the Offered Securities, except such
as have been obtained, or made on or prior to the Closing Date, and are, or on the Closing Date will be, in full force and effect, including
(i) under applicable blue sky laws in any jurisdiction in which the Offered Securities are offered and sold ( Blue Sky Qualification)
and (ii) under the rules and regulations of the FINRA. No authorization, consent, approval, license, qualification or order of,
or filing or registration with any person (including any governmental agency or body or any court) in any foreign jurisdiction is required
for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the Offering, issuance and sale of the Offered
Securities under the laws and regulations of such jurisdiction except such as have been obtained or made.

(l) Future
Reports to the Underwriters. For three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company will furnish, if not otherwise
available on EDGAR, to the Representative pursuant to the addresses and contacts provided in Section 13 of this Agreement: (i) as
soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of the Company containing the balance sheet of the
Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended
and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public or certified public accountants; (ii) as soon as practicable after
the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly financial statements on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, or other report filed by the Company with the Commission; and (iii) as soon as available, copies of any report or communication
of the Company mailed generally to holders of its shares.

(m)No
Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or
that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of
the Company.

(n)Existing
Lock-up Agreements. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
existing agreements between the Company and its shareholders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or hypothecation of
any of the shares of Common Stock. The Company will direct the transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon the shares of Common
Stock that are bound by such lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated therein.

(o)Company
Lock-Up.

(i) The Company
will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, from the date of execution of this Agreement and continuing for a period
of one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of the Prospectus (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, announce
the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant
any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration
statement under the Securities Act relating to, any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of the Common Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above
is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, except to the Underwriters pursuant to this
Agreement. The Company agrees not to accelerate the vesting of any option or warrant or the lapse of any repurchase right prior to the
expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

15 

(ii) The restrictions
contained in Section 3(o)(i) hereof shall not apply to: (A) the Offered Securities to be sold hereunder, (B) the
issuance by the Company of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on
the date hereof and disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (C) the issuance by the Company,
or the filing by the Company of a Registration Statement related thereto, of stock options or shares of the Company under any equity compensation
plan of the Company and (D) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and
carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the Lock-Up
Period and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital.

SECTION 4. Payment
of Fees and Expenses.

(a) General Expenses
Related to the Offering. Whether or not the transactions contemplated in this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated,
the Company covenants and agrees to pay reasonable, actual and accountable costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, including without limitation to, (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Offered Securities
(including all printing and engraving costs, if any), (ii) all fees and expenses of the clearing firm, registrar and transfer agent of
the Offered Securities, (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the Offering, (iv) all fees and expenses
of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (v) all costs and expenses incurred
in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements,
exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus,
and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, all fees and expenses in connection with listing
the Firm Shares on the Exchange, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company, or the Representative, in connection with
qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Offered Securities
for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representative, preparing and printing a Blue
Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Representative of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions;
(vii) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with, any required
review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Firm Shares; provided, that the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters;
(viii) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection
with the marketing of the Firm Shares, including without limitation, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics,
fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel
and lodging expenses of the representatives and officers of the Company and any such consultants (in each case, not including the Underwriters
and their representatives) and any other costs in connection with the road show; and (ix) all other costs and expenses incident to the
performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section.

(b)Non-accountable expenses.
The Company will pay the Underwriters a non-accountable expense allowance of one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds from the Offering
upon the Closing of the Offering.

(c)Accountable Expenses.
The Company will also reimburse the Representatives accountable expenses, promptly upon receipt of an invoice therefore, for out-of-pocket
costs and expenses, in total up to $250,000.00 including but not limited to, (i) fees of legal counsel incurred by the underwriters
in connection with the offering; (ii) all third party due diligence including the cost of any background checks; and (iii ) necessary
travel expenses. The payment will be made by the Company directly. Upon the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or completion
of the Offering, The Company agrees to pay promptly in cash any unreimbursed expense that have accured as of such date.

16 

(d)Termination Fee.
The Company agrees that if a Financial Closing (as defined below) occurs within eighteen (18) months following the termination of this
Agreement (except in the event of termination by the Representative or by the Company for Cause, as defined herein), the Representative
shall remain entitled to receive the full fee specified in Section 4, calculated as if such Financial Closing had occurred during the
Representatives active engagement period and as if the securities sold were the Securities. In addition, upon termination or expiration
of this Agreement, the Representative shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
prior to such termination, supported by itemized documentation; provided, however, that no such reimbursement shall be owed in the event
of termination by the Company for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean, as reasonably determined by the
non-terminating party: (i) general incompetence; (ii) material failure to perform obligations under this Agreement, including a failure
to provide services in a commercially reasonable manner; (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iv) legal incapacity to perform
material obligations hereunder. Financial Closing means the closing of any transaction (whether debt, equity, or convertible
securities) in which the Company, its subsidiaries, or its immediate holding entity sells Securities, securities convertible into Securities,
or substantially similar securities in an offering that is similar to the Offering.

SECTION 5. Taxes.

(a) If any sum payable by
the Company under this Agreement is subject to tax in the hands of an Underwriter or Representative (each a Taxable Entity)
or taken into account as a receipt in computing the taxable income of that Taxable Entity (excluding net income taxes on underwriting
commissions payable hereunder), the Company shall pay such additional amount as will ensure that the Taxable Entities shall be left with
the sum it would have had in the absence of such tax.

(b) All sums payable by the
Company under this Agreement shall be paid free and clear of and without deductions or withholdings of any present or future taxes or
duties, unless the deduction or withholding is required by law, in which case the Company shall pay such additional amount as will result
in the receipt by each Taxable Entity of the full amount that would have been received had no deduction or withholding been made.

(c)All
sums payable to a Taxable Entity shall be considered exclusive of any value added or similar taxes. Where the Company is obliged to pay
value added or similar tax on any amount payable hereunder to a Taxable Entity, the Company shall in addition to the sum payable hereunder
pay an amount equal to any applicable value added or similar tax.

(d) Without prejudice to
the generality of the foregoing, if a Taxable Entity is required by any Hong Kong government authority to pay any taxes imposed by the
Hong Kong government or any administrative subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (Hong Kong Taxes) as
a result of this Agreement, the Company will pay an additional amount to such Taxable Entity so that the full amount of such payments
as agreed herein to be paid to such Taxable Entity is received by such Taxable Entity and will further, if requested by such Taxable Entity,
use commercially reasonable efforts to give such assistance as such Taxable Entity may reasonably request to assist such Taxable Entity
in discharging its obligations in respect of such Hong Kong Taxes, including by making filings and submissions on such basis and such
terms as such Taxable Entity may reasonably request, promptly making available to such Taxable Entity notices received from any Hong Kong
governmental authority and, subject to the receipt of funds from such Taxable Entity, by making payment of such funds on behalf of such
Taxable Entity to the relevant Hong Kong government authority in settlement of such Hong Kong Taxes. In the event the Company must pay
any such Hong Kong Taxes to a relevant taxing authority, the Company shall forward to such Taxable Entity an official receipt or a copy
of the official receipt issued by the taxing authority or other document evidencing such payment.

17 

SECTION 6. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Underwriters. 

The obligations of the Underwriters
to purchase the Offered Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date shall be subject to (1) the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date as though then made; (2) the timely performance by the Company of its
covenants and other obligations hereunder; (3) no objections from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to
the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement; and (4) each of the following additional conditions:

(a)Accountants
Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Representative shall have received from each of the Accountants, letters dated
the date hereof addressed to the Representative, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, containing statements and information
of the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to Representative, delivered according to Statement
of Auditing Standards No. 72 (or any successor bulletin), with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain
financial information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(b)Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order. During the period from and after the
execution of this Agreement to and including the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable:

(i) the Company
shall have filed the Prospectus with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430A under the Securities Act) in the
manner and within the period required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430A, and such post-effective amendment shall have become
effective; and

(ii) no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, shall be in
effect and no proceedings for such purpose shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission.

(c)No
Material Adverse Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement to and including the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, as applicable, in the reasonable judgment of the Representative there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse
Change.

(d)Officers
Certificate. On the Closing Date and/or the Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a written certificate
executed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date, to the effect that the
signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement
thereto, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and this Agreement, to the effect that, to the knowledge of such individual:

(i) The representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied
with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

(ii) No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having the effect
of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Offered Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities
commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted
or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock
exchange in the United States; and

18 

(iii) Subsequent
to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there has not been: (a) any
Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except transactions
entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company and the
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(d) any material change in the share capital (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
or conversion of outstanding indebtedness into Common Stock) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary (except for
the conversion of such indebtedness into Common Stock); (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the
Common Stock; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been
sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Secretarys
Certificate. On the Closing Date and/or the Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated such Closing Date, certifying: (i) that the Companys memorandum and articles
of association, as amended and restated, attached to such certificate is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force
and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys board of directors relating to the Offering attached to such certificate
are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) the good standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries; (iv) as to
the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission and (v) as to the incumbency
of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(f)Bring-down
Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date and/or the Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received from each of
the Accountants, letters dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, to the effect that each of the Accountants
reaffirms the statements made in the letters furnished by them pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 6, except that
the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing
Date and/or the Option Closing Date.

(g)Lock-up
Agreement from Certain Securityholders of the Company. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have furnished
to the Representative an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto from each of the Companys officers,
directors, and certain security holders of the Companys Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock
prior to the Offering listed on Schedule D hereto.

(h)Exchange
Listing. The Offered Securities to be delivered on the Closing Date and/or the Option Closing Date shall have been approved
for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

(i) Company
Counsel Opinions. On the Closing Date and/or the Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received

(i) 

the opinion of Kaufman & Canoles, P.C., counsel
to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative including negative assurance language;

(ii) the opinion of Parsons Behle & Latimer, Nevada state counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(iii) 

the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices LLP, Hong Kong
counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative; and

(iv) the opinion of Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, China counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

19 

The Underwriters
shall also be entitled to rely on the opinions of Kaufman & Canoles, P.C., Parsons Behle & Latimer, and Han Kun Law Offices LLP
filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement.

(j) Opinion
and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel to the Underwriters. Ye & Associates, P.C., the counsel to the Underwriters, shall
have furnished to the Representative its (i) written opinion, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date and/or Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, and (ii) negative assurance letter, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date and/or Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents and information as such counsel may reasonably
request to enable them to pass on such matters.

(k) No Legal
Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted
or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of such Closing Date, prevent the issuance
or sale of the Securities and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as
of such Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Offered Securities.

(l) Good
Standing. At each applicable Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received on and as of such Closing Date satisfactory
evidence of the good standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization and their good standing
as foreign entities in such other jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form
of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions or, for any such jurisdiction in which evidence
of good standing may not be obtained from appropriate governmental authorities, in the form of an opinion of counsel licensed in the applicable
jurisdiction.

(m) Additional
Documents. On or before the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative and counsel for
the Representative shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling
them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any
of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition
specified in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Representative by written notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable,
which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 4 (with respect
to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket accountable, bona fide expenses actually incurred by the Representative) and Section 8 shall
at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

SECTION 7. Effectiveness
of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective until the later of (i) the execution of this Agreement by the
parties hereto and (ii) notification (including by way of oral notification from the reviewer at the Commission) by the Commission
to the Company of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act.

20 

SECTION 8. Indemnification.

(a)Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters, their respective affiliates and each of
their respective directors, officers, members, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriters within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Underwriter Indemnified
Parties, and each a Underwriter Indemnified Party) from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities
(including in settlement of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the prior written consent of the Company) arising out of
(i) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, including the information
deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B
of the Securities Act Regulations, or arise out of or are based upon the omission from the Registration Statement, or alleged omission
to state therein, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; or (ii) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any other materials used in connection with the Offering, or arise out
of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and shall reimburse such Underwriter
Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with evaluating, investigating or defending
against such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such
case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement in, or omission
from any preliminary prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any such amendment or supplement thereto, or any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus or in any other materials used in connection with the Offering made in reliance upon and in conformity with the
Underwriter Information. The indemnification obligations under this Section 8(a) are not exclusive and will be in addition
to any liability, which the Underwriters might otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available
at law or in equity to each Underwriter Indemnified Party.

(b)Indemnification
by the Underwriters. The Underwriters shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Companys affiliates
and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Company Indemnified Parties
and each a Company Indemnified Party) from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including in settlement
of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the prior written consent of the Underwriters) arising out (i) any untrue statement
of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed
or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act Regulations, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in
any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) the omission to state in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act Regulations, the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, but in each case only to the extent
that the untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information and shall reimburse
the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or preparing to defend
or defending against or appearing as third party witness in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, investigation
or proceeding, as such fees and expenses are incurred. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(b), in no event shall
any indemnity by the Underwriters under this Section 8(b) exceed the total discounts received by the Underwriters in connection
with the Offering. The indemnification obligations under this Section 8(b) are not exclusive and will be in addition to
any liability, which the Company might otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available at law
or in equity to each Company Indemnified Party.

21 

(c)Procedure.
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action,
the indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8,
notify such indemnifying party in writing of the commencement of that action; provided, however, that the failure to notify the indemnifying
party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 8 except to the extent it has been materially
adversely prejudiced by such failure; and, provided, further, that the failure to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from
any liability which it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 8. If any such action shall
be brought against an indemnified party, and it shall notify the indemnifying party thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled
to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying party, to assume the
defense of such action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party (which counsel shall not, except with the written
consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party). After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party
of its election to assume the defense of such action, except as provided herein, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified
party under Section 8(a) or 8(b), as applicable, for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified
party in connection with the defense of such action other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that
any indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense of such action
but the fees and expenses of such separate counsel (other than reasonable costs of investigation) shall be at the expense of such indemnified
party unless (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized in writing by the Company in the case of a claim for indemnification
under Section 8(a), (ii) such indemnified party shall have been advised by its counsel that there may be one or more legal
defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (iii) the indemnifying
party has failed to assume the defense of such action and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party within a reasonable
period of time after notice of the commencement of the action or the indemnifying party does not diligently defend the action after assumption
of the defense, in which case, if such indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate
counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of (or, in the
case of a failure to diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, to continue to defend) such action on behalf of such
indemnified party and the indemnifying party shall be responsible for reasonable legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with the defense of such action; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall
not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising
out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of
attorneys at any time for any such indemnified party (in addition to any local counsel), which firm shall be designated in writing by
the Underwriters if the indemnified party under this Section 8 is an Underwriter Indemnified Party or by the Company if
an indemnified party under this Section 8 is a Company Indemnified Party. Subject to this Section 8(c), the amount
payable by an indemnifying party under Section 8 shall include, but not be limited to, (x) reasonable legal fees and
expenses of counsel to the indemnified party and any other expenses in investigating, or preparing to defend or defending against, or
appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any action, investigation, proceeding or claim,
and (y) all amounts paid in settlement of any of the foregoing. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of
the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of judgment with respect to any pending or threatened action or
any claim whatsoever, in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 8 (whether
or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes
an unconditional release of each indemnified party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party from all liability
arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure
to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Subject to the provisions of the following sentence, no indemnifying party shall be liable
for settlement of any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever that is effected without its written consent (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with its written consent, if its consent has been unreasonably withheld
or delayed or if there be a judgment for the plaintiff in any such matter, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
any indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. In addition, if at any time an
indemnified party shall have requested that an indemnifying party reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such
indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated herein effected without its written consent
if (i) such settlement is entered into more than ninety (90) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the request for
reimbursement, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least sixty (60) days
prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in
accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

22 

(d)Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party under Section 8(a) or Section 8(b), then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified
party, contribute to the amount paid, payable or otherwise incurred by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage,
expense or liability (or any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof), as incurred, (i) in such proportion as shall
be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other
hand from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) of this Section 8(d) is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) of this Section 8(d) but
also the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other with respect to the statements,
omissions, acts or failures to act which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (or any action, investigation or proceeding
in respect thereof) as well as any other relevant equitable considerations as determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction.
The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other with respect to such offering shall be
deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased by investors as contemplated by this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts received by the Underwriters in connection with the
Offering, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand
and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the
one hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such untrue statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written
information furnished to the Company by the Underwriters for use in any preliminary prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriter Information. The Company and the Underwriters agree that
it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 8(d) be determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid
or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding referred
to above in this Section 8(d) shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 8(d), any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing
as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action,
investigation or proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8(d), the Underwriters shall not be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the total discounts received in cash by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering less the amount
of any damages that the Underwriters have otherwise paid or become liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement,
omission or alleged omission, act or alleged act or failure to act or alleged failure to act. No person, guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty
of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

SECTION 9. Termination
of this Agreement.

Prior to the Closing Date,
whether before or after notification by the Commission to the Company of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities
Act, this Agreement may be terminated by the Underwriters by written notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation
in the Common Stock shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by Nasdaq; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall
have been declared by any U.S. federal authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or
international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial
change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic
conditions that, in the reasonable judgment of the Underwriters, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Offered
Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities.
Any termination pursuant to this Section 9 shall be without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any of the
Underwriters, except that the Company shall be, subject to demand by the Underwriters, obligated to reimburse the Underwriters for only
those reasonable, accountable and properly documented out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of their counsel,
and expenses associated with a due diligence report), actually incurred by the Underwriters in connection herewith as allowed under FINRA
Rule 5110, less any amounts previously paid by the Company; provided, however, that all such expenses shall not exceed
$150,000 in the aggregate, (b) the Underwriters to the Company, or (c) of any party hereto to any other party except that the
provisions of Section 4 (with respect to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket accountable, bona fide expenses actually incurred
by the Underwriters) and Section 8 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

23 

SECTION 10. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. The Company hereby acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting solely as underwriters
in connection with the Offering. The Company further acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting pursuant to a contractual relationship
created solely by this Agreement entered into on an arms-length basis and in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters
act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any
activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the Offering, either before or after the date hereof.
The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement
to that effect. The Company hereby further confirms its understanding that no Underwriter has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility
in favor of the Company with respect to the Offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including, without limitation,
any negotiation related to the pricing of the Offered Securities; and the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to
the extent it has deemed appropriate in connection with this Agreement and the Offering. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they
are each responsible for making their own independent judgments with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views
expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect
to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby
waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect
to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

SECTION 11. Underwriter
Default.

(a) If any Underwriter
or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligation to purchase Firm Shares, and if the Firm Shares with respect to which such default
relates (the Default Securities) do not (after giving effect to arrangements, if any, made by the Representative
pursuant to subsection (b) below) exceed in the aggregate ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Shares, each non-defaulting Underwriter,
acting severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company that number of Default Securities that bears the same proportion
to the total number of Default Securities then being purchased as the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter
on Schedule A hereto bears to the aggregate number of Firm Shares set forth opposite the names of the non-defaulting
Underwriters; subject, however, to such adjustments to eliminate fractional shares as the Representative in its sole discretion shall
make.

(b) In the event
that the aggregate number of Default Securities exceeds ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Shares, the Representative may in its
discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties (including any non-defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters who so agree)
to purchase the Default Securities on the terms contained herein. In the event that within five (5) calendar days after such a default
the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of the Default Securities as provided in this Section 11, this Agreement shall
thereupon terminate, without liability on the part of the Company with respect thereto (except in each case as provided in Sections 4,
8, 9, 11 and 12) or the Underwriters, but nothing in this Agreement shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters of their liability,
if any, to the other Underwriters and the Company for damages occasioned by its or their default hereunder.

(c) In the event
that any Default Securities are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties
as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a period, not exceeding five (5) Business
Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be necessary in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or in any other documents
and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
which, in the reasonable opinion of Underwriters counsel, may be necessary or advisable. The term Underwriter as
used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 11 with like effect as if it had originally been a
party to this Agreement with respect to such Default Securities.

24 

SECTION 12. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery; Third Party Beneficiaries. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties
and other statements of the Company, of its officers, and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or the Company or any of its or their
partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered
Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 13. Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, emailed or telecopied and confirmed to the parties
hereto as follows:

If to the Underwriters:

American Trust Investment
Services, Inc.

501 North El Camino Real,
Suite 211

San Clemente, California
92672

Attn: Mr. James Francis Dever/
Kristopher Kessler

Email:j.dever@amtruinvest.com

With a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:

Ye & Associates, P.C.

135-15 40th Road,
Suite 402

Flushing, New York 11354

Attn: Jing Ye, Esq.

Email: securities@yeassociatespc.com

If to the Company:

Tianci International, Inc.

Unit B,10/F., Ritz Plaza,
No.122 Austin Road, Tsim Sha Tsui

Kowloon, Hong Kong 999077

Attn: Shufang Gao, CEO

Email: gao.sf@rqscapital.com

With a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:

Kaufman & Canoles P.C.

Two James Center, 14th Floor

1021 East Cary Street

Richmond, Virginia 23219

Attn: Anthony W. Basch, Esq.

Email: awbasch@kaufcan.com

Any party hereto may change
the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

25 

SECTION 14. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the benefit of the employees, officers and
directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 8, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person
will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Offered Securities
as such merely by reason of such purchase.

SECTION 15. Partial
Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph, or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement
is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor
changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

SECTION 16. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; 

Trial by Jury. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to the choice of law or conflict of laws principles thereof.

Any action, proceeding or
claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme
Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (each, a New York Court),
and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such
exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may
be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at
the address set forth in Section 13 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the
Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Underwriters agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall
be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding
and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor as determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. The
Company and the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by
jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 17. Enforceability
of Judgment. The Company agrees that any final judgment against the Company for a fixed or readily calculable sum of money rendered
by a New York Court having jurisdiction under its own domestic laws in respect of any suit, action or proceeding against the Company based
upon this Agreement or any transaction contemplated herein and therein would be recognized and enforced, without re-examination or review
of the merits of the underlying dispute by the courts of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong, or the cause of action in respect of which the
original judgment was given or re-litigation of the matters adjudicated upon, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the
courts of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong, provided that (i) with respect to in the courts of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong (a) such
New York Court had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment; (b) such judgment was not obtained in a manner and is
not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong; (c) such
judgment was not obtained by fraud; (d) such judgment is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty; (e) such judgement is final, no
new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Nevada, Seychelles
or Hong Kong; and (f) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong, and (ii)
with respect to courts of Seychelles or Hong Kong, (A) adequate service of process has been effected and the defendant has had a reasonable
opportunity to be heard, (B) such judgments or the enforcement thereof are not contrary to the law, public policy, security or sovereignty
of Seychelles or Hong Kong, (C) such judgments were not obtained by fraudulent means and do not conflict with any other valid judgment
in the same matter between the same parties and (D) an action between the same parties in the same matter is not pending in any Seychelles
or Hong Kong court at the time the lawsuit is instituted in a foreign court, (E) Seychelles or Hong Kong has international treaties or
the principle of reciprocity providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of such New York Courts and such judgment
has been reviewed by the courts of Seychelles or Hong Kong pursuant to such treaties or the principle of reciprocity, and (F) such judgment
is a final and legally effective judgment rendered by the New York Court. The Company is not aware of any reason why the enforcement in
the courts of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong of such a New York Court judgment would be, as of the date hereof, contrary to natural justice
of the public policy of Nevada, Seychelles or Hong Kong.

26 

SECTION 18. General
Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written
or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings, and negotiations with respect to the Offering. This Agreement may be
executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto
were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all the parties hereto, and no condition
herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The section headings
herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

Each of the parties hereto
acknowledges that it is a sophisticated businessperson who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions
hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 8, and is fully informed regarding
said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 8 hereto fairly allocate
the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate
disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements
thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

The respective indemnities,
contribution agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of (i) any investigation, or statement as to the
results thereof, made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the officers or employees of the Underwriters, any person controlling any of
the Underwriters, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, (ii) acceptance of
the Offered Securities and payment for them as contemplated hereby and (iii) termination of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

27 

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument,
along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

Tianci International, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Shufang
Gao

Name: Shufang Gao

Title: Chief Executive Officer

The foregoing Underwriting
Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Underwriters as of the date first above written.

For itself and on behalf of the several

Underwriters listed on Schedule A hereto

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Ian
E. Lippy

Name: Ian E. Lippy

Title: Chief Operating Officer

28 

EXHIBIT B

Form of Representatives Warrants

29 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Warrant Shares: 87,500 Initial Exercise Date: 

Issue Date:

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, American Trust Investment Services, Inc. or its assigns (the Holder)
are entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
one hundred and eighty (180) days after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior the date that is five years after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) and FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B) and (C), to subscribe for and purchase from
TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Nevada Corporation (the Company), up to 87,500 Common Stock (as defined below)(as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The Warrant and the underlying Warrant Shares must not be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities for a period of 180 days beginning on the date of the commencement of sales of
the public offering under the Registration Statement, except as provided in FINRA Rule 5110 (e)(2).The purchase price of one Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time) to 4:02 p.m. (Eastern Time)),

(b)if
OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock is then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices), the most recent bid price per Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

30 

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority, so long as the
electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use
by customers on such day.

Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Common Stock
means the Common Stock of the Company, $0.001 par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be
reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred share, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Statement
means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280089).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary means
any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement between the Company and American Trust Investment Services, Inc., as representative of the underwriters
named therein.

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time) to 4:02 p.m. (Eastern Time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if
the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported on the
Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

31 

Warrants means
this Warrant and any new Warrant or Warrants to be issued upon division, combination or partial exercise of this Warrant.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date, by delivery to
the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the
form annexed hereto as Annex A (the Notice of Exercise), provided, however that a Notice of Exercise shall only be deemed
to have been delivered to the Company upon the delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise as specified in this Section 2(a). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer of immediately
available funds or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c)
below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Trading Date prior to
the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise
Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.8, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at
such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A- B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) =as applicable: (i) the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

32 

(B) = the Exercise Price of
this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant
Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section
2(c).

d)Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder
or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) three (3) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) two (2) Trading Days after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock
on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after
such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as
this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect
on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

33 

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the
Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of
$10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in
the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise
shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Annex B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same- day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

34 

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any
portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as
set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the
written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrant, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or
decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

35 

f)Piggyback
Registration Rights. Unless all of the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Registrable Securities) are included
in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus, the Holders of the Purchase Warrants shall have the right for a period
of not more than five (5) years from the commencement of the sales of this offering, to include the remaining Registrable Securities as
part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than (i) a registration effected solely to implement an employee
benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Act is applicable, or (ii) a registration statement on Form S-4, S-8 or any successor
form thereto or another form not available for registering the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant for sale to the public),
whether for its own account or for the account of one or more shareholders of the Company (a Piggyback Registration), the
Company shall give prompt written notice (in any event no later than thirty (30) days prior to the filing of such registration statement)
to the Holder of the Companys intention to effect such a registration and, subject to the remaining provisions of this Section
2(f), shall include in such registration such number of the Registrable Securities that the Holders have (within thirty (30) days of the
respective Holders receipt of such notice) requested in writing (including such number) to be included within such registration.
If a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten offering and the managing underwriter advises the Company that it has determined in good
faith that marketing factors require a limit on the number of Common Stock to be included in such registration, including all Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant (if the Holder has elected to include such shares in such Piggyback Registration) and all other
shares of common stock proposed to be included in such underwritten offering, the Company shall include in such registration (i) first,
the number of Common Stock that the Company proposes to sell and (ii) second, the number of Common Stock, if any, requested to be included
therein by selling shareholders (including the Holder) allocated pro rata among all such persons on the basis of the number of Common
Stock then owned by each such person. If any Piggyback Registration is initiated as a primary underwritten offering on behalf of the Company,
the Company shall select the investment banking firm or firms to act as the managing underwriter or underwriters in connection with such
offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the obligations of the Company pursuant to this Section 2(f) shall terminate on the
earlier of (i) the third anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement and (ii) the date that Rule 144 would allow the
Holder to sell its Registrable Securities during any ninety (90) day period, and shall not be applicable so long as the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 280089) covering the Registrable Securities remains effective at such time.

g)Demand
Registrations. Requests for Registration. Unless all of the Registrable Securities are included in an effective registration statement
with a current prospectus, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for a period of five years after the commencement
of sales of the offering in the Registration Statement, the Holder may request registration under the Securities Act of all or any portion
of its Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration (Long-Form Registrations) or on Form F-3
or any similar short-form registration (Short-Form Registrations), if available (any such requested registration, a Demand
Registration). Each request for a Demand Registration must specify the approximate number or dollar value of Registrable Securities
requested to be registered by the requesting Holders and (if known) the intended method of distribution. The Holder will be entitled to
request (i) one (1) Demand Registration in which the Company will pay all Registration Expenses and (ii) one (1) Demand Registration in
which the Holder will pay all Registration Expenses, in each case, whether or not any such registration is consummated.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Stock (which, for avoidance of
doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re- classification.

b)Reserved.

36 

c)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any
Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all) of
the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right
to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) of holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

e)Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions,

37 

(iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common
Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders
of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock (not including any Common Stock held by the other Person
or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein.

f)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)Notice
to Holder.

i.Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver
to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

38 

ii.Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock are converted into other securities, cash or
property, or

(E) the Company shall authorize
the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall
cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless
such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is
to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date
as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are
to be determined or

(y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of
which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities, cash
or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required
to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice
to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h)Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this
Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of
time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability.
Commencing 180 days after the Issue Date, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the
portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New
Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined
with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names
and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers
or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number
of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

39 

Section 5. Reserved

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a)No
Rights as Shareholders until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a shareholders of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, including if the Company is for any
reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, in no event
shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant or cash settle in any other form.

b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period
the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for
the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its
issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary
to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not
by any action, including, without limitation, amending its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the
carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant
is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto,
as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

40 

e)Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

f)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as
a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with
any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as
shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of
appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,
powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at No. Unit B, 10/F., Ritz Plaza, No. 122 Austin Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, 999077, Attention:
Chief Executive Officers, with a copy to Kaufman & Canoles P.C, Two James Center, 14th Floor, 1021 East Cary Street, Richmond, Virginia
23219, Attn: Anthony W Basch, Esq., Email: awbasch@kaufcan.com. or such other facsimile number,
email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, with a copy to Ye & Associates, P.C. at 135-15 40th Road, Suite 402, Flushing, New York
11354, Attn: Jing Ye, Esq., Email: securities@yeassociatespc.com. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or via e-mail at the e- mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any date, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or
via e- mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time)
on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K.

41 

i)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder, on the other hand.

m)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

42 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of 2025.

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: __________________________________

Name:

Title: Chief Executive Officer

43 

SCHEDULE A

Underwriter Number
of Firm Shares 

American Trust Investment Services, Inc. 875,000 

Prime Number Capital LLC 875,000 

Total 1,750,000 

44 

SCHEDULE B

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (es)

None

45 

SCHEDULE C

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Shares: 1,750,000

Number of Additional Shares: 262,500

Number of Shares underlying Representatives Warrants: 87,500
Public Offering Price per Firm Share: $4.00

Public Offering Price per Additional Share: $4.00

Underwriting Discount per one Share: 7% per Firm Share (or $0.28
per share)

Underwriting Discount per one Share: 7% per Additional Share (or
$0.28 per share)

Non-accountable expense allowance per Firm Share: 1% per share (or
$0.04 per share)

Non-accountable expense allowance per Additional Share: 1% per share
(or $0.04 per share

Proceeds to Company per one Firm Share (before expenses): $3.68

Proceeds to Company per one Additional Share (before expenses): $3.68

46 

SCHEDULE D

Lock-Up Parties

Name

RQS Capital Limited

Silver Glory Group Limited

Zhigang Pei

Shufang Gao

Wei Fang

Ying Deng

Yee Man Yung

Fan Liu

Juan Chang

Guilin Zhang

47 

SCHEDULE E

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries Place of

Incorporation

RQS United Group Limited Seychelles

Tianci Group Holding Limited Seychelles

Roshing International CO., Limited Hong Kong

48 

SCHEDULE F

Testing-the-Waters Communications

None

49 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-up Agreement

April ,2025

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

501 North El Camino Real, Suite 211

San Clemente, California 92672

Attn: Mr. James Francis Dever

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that American Trust Investment Services, Inc.., the representative of the underwriters (the Underwriters),
proposes to enter into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), with Tianci International,
Inc., a Nevada company (the Company), in connection with the public offering (the Offering)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares).

To induce the
Underwriter to continue its efforts in connection with the Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Underwriter, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending one hundred eighty
(180) days after the date of the final prospectus associated with the Offering (the
Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to
purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or
dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the Shares
(collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such
transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of the Lock-Up Securities, in cash or
otherwise; or (3) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to
(a) transactions relating to the Shares or other securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the
Offering; (b) transfers of the Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a
family member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this Lock-up Agreement, family member
means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); provided that in the
case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (b), each donee or distributee shall sign and deliver
a lock-up letter substantially in the form of this Lock-up Agreement; (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to a charity or educational institution; (d) if the undersigned, directly or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to any shareholder, partner or
member of, or owner of similar equity interests in, the undersigned, as the case may be; (e) if the undersigned is a trust, to
a trustee or beneficiary of the trust; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses
(b), (c) or (d), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver
to the Underwriter a Lock-up Agreement substantially in the form of this Lock-up Agreement, (iii) no filing under
Sections 13 or 16(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or
other filing or public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made; (f) the receipt by the undersigned from the
Company of common stock upon the vesting of restricted share awards or share units or upon the exercise of options to purchase the
Companys common stock issued under an equity incentive plan of the Company or an employment arrangement described in the
Pricing Prospectus (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (the Plan Shares) or the transfer of
common stock or any securities convertible into common stock to the Company upon a vesting event of the Companys securities
or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys securities, in each case on a cashless or net
exercise basis or to cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, but only to the
extent such right expires during the Lock-up Period, provided that no filing under Sections 13 or 16(a) of the
Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made within ninety (90) days after the date of
the Underwriting Agreement, and after such ninetieth (90th) day, if the undersigned is required to file a report under
Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of common stock during
the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such schedule or report to the effect that the purpose of
such transfer was to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise and, provided
further, that the Plan Shares shall be subject to the terms of this Lock-up Agreement; (g) the establishment of a trading
plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities, provided that
(i) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and
(ii) no public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act will be voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the
Company regarding the establishment of such plan; and (h) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation
of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, provided that the transferee
agrees to sign and deliver a Lock-up Agreement substantially in the form of this Lock-up Agreement for the balance of
the Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any filing under Sections 13 or 16(a) of the Exchange Act that is
required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer shall include a statement that such transfer
has occurred by operation of law (collectively, Permitted Transfers). In addition, the undersigned agrees that,
without the prior written consent of the Underwriter, it will not, during the Lock-Up Period, make any demand for or exercise any
right with respect to, the registration of any Shares or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares.
The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent against
the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

50 

No provision in
this Lock-up Agreement shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit (i) the adoption of an equity incentive plan and the grant
of awards or equity pursuant to any equity incentive plan, and the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8; provided,
however, that any sales by parties to this Lock-up Agreement shall be subject to this Lock-up Agreement, (ii) the
issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of outstanding warrants of the Company; provided that
this Lock-up Agreement shall apply to any of the undersigneds shares issued upon such exercise, or (iii) the
issuance of securities in connection with an acquisition or a strategic relationship which may include the sale or equity
securities; provided, that none of such shares shall be saleable in the public market until the expiration of the one
hundred eighty (180) day period described above.

If the undersigned is an
officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any
securities that the undersigned may purchase in the Offering; and (ii) the Underwriter agrees that, at least three (3) business
days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities,
the Underwriter will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Underwriter hereunder
to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the release or waiver. The provisions of this
paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not
for consideration or in connection with any other Permitted Transfer and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by
the same terms described in this Lock-up Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of
such transfer.

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Underwriter are relying upon this Lock-up Agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Offering. The undersigned
further understands that this Lock-up Agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal representatives,
successors, and assigns.

The undersigned understands
that, if (i) the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by November 18, 2025, (ii) the Company notifies the Underwriter in writing
that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering or (iii) the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which
survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, the undersigned
shall be released from all obligations under this letter agreement.

Whether or not the Offering
actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Offering will only be made pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Underwriters. The undersigned acknowledges that no
assurances are given by the Company or the Underwriter that any Offering will be consummated. This Lock-up Agreement shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York.

[Signature Page Follows]

51 

Very truly yours,

(Signature) 

Address: 

Email: 

Date: 

52
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tianci_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Warrant Shares: 87,500 Initial Exercise Date: October 6, 2025

Issue
Date: April 11, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, American Trust Investment Services, Inc. or its assigns (the Holder)
are entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
one hundred and eighty (180) days after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior the date that is five years after the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement (the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) and FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B) and (C), to subscribe for and purchase from
TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Nevada Corporation (the Company), up to 87,500 Common Stock (as defined below)(as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The Warrant and the underlying Warrant Shares must not be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities for a period of 180 days beginning on the date of the commencement of sales of
the public offering under the Registration Statement, except as provided in FINRA Rule 5110 (e)(2).The purchase price of one Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time) to 4:02 p.m. (Eastern Time)),

(b)if
OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock is then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices), the most recent bid price per Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority, so long as the
electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use
by customers on such day.

1 

Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Common Stock
means the Common Stock of the Company, $0.001 par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be
reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred share, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Statement
means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280089).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary means
any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement between the Company and American Trust Investment Services, Inc., as representative of the underwriters
named therein.

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)if
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time) to 4:02 p.m. (Eastern Time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if
the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported on the
Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means
this Warrant and any new Warrant or Warrants to be issued upon division, combination or partial exercise of this Warrant.

2 

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date, by delivery to
the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the
form annexed hereto as Annex A (the Notice of Exercise), provided, however that a Notice of Exercise shall only be deemed
to have been delivered to the Company upon the delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise as specified in this Section 2(a). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer of immediately
available funds or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c)
below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Trading Date prior to
the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise
Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.8, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at
such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A- B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) =as applicable: (i) the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of
this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant
Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

3 

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section
2(c).

d)Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder
or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) three (3) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) two (2) Trading Days after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock
on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after
such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as
this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect
on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the
Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of
$10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4 

v.No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in
the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise
shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Annex B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same- day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any
portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as
set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the
written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrant, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or
decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5 

f)Piggyback
Registration Rights. Unless all of the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Registrable Securities) are included
in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus, the Holders of the Purchase Warrants shall have the right for a period
of not more than five (5) years from the commencement of the sales of this offering, to include the remaining Registrable Securities as
part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than (i) a registration effected solely to implement an employee
benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Act is applicable, or (ii) a registration statement on Form S-4, S-8 or any successor
form thereto or another form not available for registering the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant for sale to the public),
whether for its own account or for the account of one or more shareholders of the Company (a Piggyback Registration), the
Company shall give prompt written notice (in any event no later than thirty (30) days prior to the filing of such registration statement)
to the Holder of the Companys intention to effect such a registration and, subject to the remaining provisions of this Section
2(f), shall include in such registration such number of the Registrable Securities that the Holders have (within thirty (30) days of the
respective Holders receipt of such notice) requested in writing (including such number) to be included within such registration.
If a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten offering and the managing underwriter advises the Company that it has determined in good
faith that marketing factors require a limit on the number of Common Stock to be included in such registration, including all Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant (if the Holder has elected to include such shares in such Piggyback Registration) and all other
shares of common stock proposed to be included in such underwritten offering, the Company shall include in such registration (i) first,
the number of Common Stock that the Company proposes to sell and (ii) second, the number of Common Stock, if any, requested to be included
therein by selling shareholders (including the Holder) allocated pro rata among all such persons on the basis of the number of Common
Stock then owned by each such person. If any Piggyback Registration is initiated as a primary underwritten offering on behalf of the Company,
the Company shall select the investment banking firm or firms to act as the managing underwriter or underwriters in connection with such
offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the obligations of the Company pursuant to this Section 2(f) shall terminate on the
earlier of (i) the third anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement and (ii) the date that Rule 144 would allow the
Holder to sell its Registrable Securities during any ninety (90) day period, and shall not be applicable so long as the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 280089) covering the Registrable Securities remains effective at such time.

g)Demand
Registrations. Requests for Registration. Unless all of the Registrable Securities are included in an effective registration statement
with a current prospectus, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for a period of five years after the commencement
of sales of the offering in the Registration Statement, the Holder may request registration under the Securities Act of all or any portion
of its Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration (Long-Form Registrations) or on Form F-3
or any similar short-form registration (Short-Form Registrations), if available (any such requested registration, a Demand
Registration). Each request for a Demand Registration must specify the approximate number or dollar value of Registrable Securities
requested to be registered by the requesting Holders and (if known) the intended method of distribution. The Holder will be entitled to
request (i) one (1) Demand Registration in which the Company will pay all Registration Expenses and (ii) one (1) Demand Registration in
which the Holder will pay all Registration Expenses, in each case, whether or not any such registration is consummated.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Stock (which, for avoidance of
doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re- classification.

b)Reserved.

6 

c)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any
Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all) of
the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right
to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) of holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

e)Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions,

7 

(iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common
Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders
of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock (not including any Common Stock held by the other Person
or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein.

8 

f)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)Notice
to Holder.

i.Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver
to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock are converted into other securities, cash or
property, or

(E) the Company shall authorize
the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall
cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless
such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is
to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date
as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are
to be determined or

(y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of
which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities, cash
or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required
to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice
to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h)Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this
Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of
time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability.
Commencing 180 days after the Issue Date, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the
portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

9 

b)New
Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined
with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names
and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers
or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number
of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

Section 5. Reserved

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a)No
Rights as Shareholders until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a shareholders of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, including if the Company is for any
reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, in no event
shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant or cash settle in any other form.

b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period
the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for
the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its
issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary
to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not
by any action, including, without limitation, amending its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the
carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant
is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto,
as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

10 

e)Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

f)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as
a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with
any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as
shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of
appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,
powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at No. Unit B, 10/F., Ritz Plaza, No. 122 Austin Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, 999077, Attention:
Chief Executive Officers, with a copy to Kaufman & Canoles P.C, Two James Center, 14th Floor, 1021 East Cary Street, Richmond, Virginia
23219, Attn: Anthony W Basch, Esq., Email: awbasch@kaufcan.com. or such other facsimile number,
email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, with a copy to Ye & Associates, P.C. at 135-15 40th Road, Suite 402, Flushing, New York
11354, Attn: Jing Ye, Esq., Email: securities@yeassociatespc.com. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or via e-mail at the e- mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any date, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or
via e- mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time)
on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K.

11 

i)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder, on the other hand.

m)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of April 11, 2025.

TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: /s/ Shuafang Gao 

Name: Shufang Gao

Title: Chief Executive Officer

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tianci_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ON PRICING OF THE COMPANY'S NASDAQ UPLISTING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Tianci International, Inc. Announces Nasdaq
Uplisting and Pricing of $7 Million Public Offering

HONG KONG/RENO, Nevada, April 09, 2025 /Globe
Newswire/ Tianci International, Inc. (the Company or Tianci), a global logistics service provider specializing
in ocean freight forwarding, today announced the pricing of its public offering (the Offering) of an aggregate of 1,750,000
shares of common stock at a public offering price of US$4.00 per share, for total gross proceeds of $7,000,000, before deducting underwriting
discounts, commissions, and other related expenses. The shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and are expected
to commence trading on April 10, 2025, under the ticker symbol CIIT.

The Company has granted American Trust Investment
Services, Inc., the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 262,500 shares at the public offering
price, less underwriting discounts to cover over-allotments, if any. The total proceeds from the Offering are expected to be approximately
US$8,050,000 if the representative of the underwriters exercise its option to purchase additional shares in full.

The Offering is being conducted on a firm commitment
basis. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering for logistics promotion and marketing, working capital and general corporate
purposes, and recruitment of talented personnel. The offering is expected to close on or about April 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction
of customary closing conditions.

American Trust Investment Services, Inc. is acting as representative
of the underwriters for the Offering. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the Company. Han Kun Law
Offices LLP and Parsons Behle & Latimer are acting as Hong Kong legal advisers and Nevada legal counsel respectively,
to the Company. Ye & Associates, P.C. is acting as U.S. counsel to American Trust Investment Services, Inc. in connection with this
Offering.

A registration statement on S-1 (File No. 333-280089)
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective by the SEC on April 09, 2025. A final
prospectus relating to the Offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic
copies of the final prospectus relating to this Offering, when available, may be obtained from American Trust Investment Services, Inc.,
230 W Monroe St # 300, Chicago, IL 60606, Telephone: +1 (312) 382-7000; Email: IB@amtruinvest.com

Before you invest, you should read the prospectus
and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about the Company and the Offering. This press
release has been prepared for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy any securities, and no sale of these securities may be made in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Tianci International, Inc.

Tianci International Inc., through its subsidiary
Roshing, provides global logistics services specializing in ocean freight forwarding, including container and bulk goods shipping. Operating
under an asset-light model, Roshings logistics solutions are tailored to meet the diverse needs of its customers across the Asia-Pacific,
including Japan, South Korea, and Vietnam. Beyond logistics, the company generates revenue from the sale of electronic parts and business
consulting services. The companys mission is to provide customers with efficient, reliable, and safe shipping services that create
value.

For more information, please visit the Companys
website: tianci-ciit.com

1 

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, the Companys proposed Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs, including the expectation that the Offering will be
successfully completed. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as approximates,
believes, hopes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects,
intends, plans, will, would, should, could, may
or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect
subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes
that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn
out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages
investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Companys registration statement and other filings with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

For investor and media inquiries, please contact:

Tianci International, Inc.

Investor Relations

Email: ir@rqscapital.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tianci_ex9902.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ON CLOSING OF THE COMPANYS NASDAQ UPLISTING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Tianci International, Inc. Announces Closing
of $7 Million Public Offering

HONG KONG/RENO, Nevada, April 11, 2025 /Globe
Newswire/ Tianci International, Inc. (the "Company or Tianci), a global logistics service provider specializing
in ocean freight forwarding, today announced the closing of its public offering (the Offering) of an aggregate of 1,750,000
shares of common stock at a public offering price of US$4.00 per share, for total gross proceeds of $7,000,000, before deducting underwriting
discounts, commissions, and other related expenses.

The Company has granted American Trust Investment
Services, Inc., the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 262,500 shares at the public offering
price, less underwriting discounts to cover over-allotments, if any. The total proceeds from the Offering are expected to be approximately
US$8,050,000 if the representative of the underwriters exercises its option to purchase additional shares in full. Shares of the Companys
stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CIIT on April 10, 2025.

The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment
basis. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Offering for logistics promotion and marketing, working capital and general corporate
purposes, and recruitment of talented personnel.

American Trust Investment Services, Inc. acted
as representative of the underwriters for the Offering. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. acted as U.S. securities counsel to the Company. Han
Kun Law Offices LLP and Parsons Behle & Latimer acted as Hong Kong legal advisers and Nevada legal counsel respectively, to the Company.
Ye & Associates, P.C. acted as U.S. counsel to American Trust Investment Services, Inc. in connection with this Offering.

A registration statement on S-1 (File No. 333-280089) was filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective by the SEC on April 09, 2025. A final prospectus
relating to the Offering was filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final
prospectus relating to this Offering, when available, may be obtained from American Trust Investment Services, Inc., 230 W Monroe St #
300, Chicago, IL 60606, Telephone: +1 (312) 382-7000; Email: IB@amtruinvest.com

Before you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents
the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about the Company and the Offering. This press release has been prepared
for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, and no
sale of these securities may be made in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Tianci International, Inc.

Tianci International Inc., through its subsidiary
Roshing, provides global logistics services specializing in ocean freight forwarding, including container and bulk goods shipping. Operating
under an asset-light model, Roshings logistics solutions are tailored to meet the diverse needs of its customers across the Asia-Pacific,
including Japan, South Korea, and Vietnam. Beyond logistics, the company generates revenue from the sale of electronic parts and business
consulting services. The companys mission is to provide customers with efficient, reliable, and safe shipping services that create
value.

For more information, please visit the Companys
website: tianci-ciit.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, the Company's proposed Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs, including the expectation that the Offering will be
successfully completed. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as approximates,
believes, hopes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects,
intends, plans, will, would, should, could, may
or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect
subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes
that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn
out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages
investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Company's registration statement and other filings with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

For investor and media inquiries, please contact:

Tianci International, Inc.

Investor Relations

Email: ir@rqscapital.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ciitlogo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ciit-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ciit-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ciit-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 333-184061

Entity Registrant Name TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001557798

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-5540446

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One Unit
B,10/F., Ritz Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two No.122 Austin
Road

Entity Address, Address Line Three Tsim Sha Tsui

Entity Address, City or Town Kowloon

Entity Address, Country HK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 999077

City Area Code 852

Local Phone Number 22510781

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tianciinternational.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ciit-20250411.xsd 
ciit-20250411_lab.xml 
ciit-20250411_pre.xml 
tianci_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-002466-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tianci_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001557798 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001557798 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
TIANCI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
NV 
333-184061 
45-5540446 
Unit B,10/F., Ritz Plaza 
No.122 Austin Road 
Tsim Sha Tsui 
Kowloon 
HK 
999077 
852 
22510781 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>