<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-056671.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-056671.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318161404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-056671
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAGNITE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001595974
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				208881738
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36384
		FILM NUMBER:		25748468

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-243-2769

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RUBICON PROJECT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140106
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d942988d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000159597400015959742025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 18, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

MAGNITE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36384 20-8881738

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1250 Broadway, 15th Floor

New York, New York10001

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(212)243-2769

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.00001 per share MGNI Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 18, 2025, Magnite, Inc. (the Company), a Delaware corporation, entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 (Amendment No. 2) to that certain Credit Agreement, dated February 6, 2024, by and among the Company, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the term facility administrative agent, and Citibank, N.A., as revolving facility administrative agent, collateral agent and swingline lender and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement). 

Amendment No. 2, among other things, reduces the applicable margin for the term loans bearing an interest at Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) rate by 75 basis points to Term SOFR + 3.00% per annum (from the previous rate of Term SOFR + 3.75%). 

The foregoing description of Amendment No. 2 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Amendment No. 2, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure 

On March 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing entry into Amendment No. 2. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1* Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 18, 2025 among Magnite, Inc., as the borrower, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the term facility administrative agent, and Citibank, N.A., as revolving facility administrative agent, collateral agent and swingline lender and each Issuing Bank and Lender party thereto (each as defined therein), which amended that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024. 

99.1 Press Release of Magnite, Inc. announcing Magnite Successfully Completes Term Loan Repricing issued March 18, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to provide a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MAGNITE, INC.

Date: March 18, 2025 By: 

/s/ David Day

David Day

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d942988dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT
NO. 2 

AMENDMENT NO. 2, dated as of March 18, 2025 (this Amendment), to the CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of
February 6, 2024 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 18, 2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the
Credit Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement), among MAGNITE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.
(MSSF), as the Term Facility Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Revolving Facility Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Swingline Lender and each ISSUING BANK and LENDER party thereto. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Amended Credit Agreement. The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 1.02 of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatismutandis. 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 

(1) The Borrower has requested (a) the refinancing of all of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans outstanding under the Credit
Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (as defined below) by incurring new term loans (the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans) under the Credit Agreement, including pursuant to a
Conversion (as defined below) of Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans of any Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender and (b) in connection therewith, the amendments reflected in this Amendment. 

(2) Certain Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders have elected, and the Borrower has agreed, to either (i) convert (by exercising a
cashless rollover option) their Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or (ii) have their Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans repaid in cash on the
Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and to purchase by assignment Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions provided for herein by executing and delivering to MSSF a consent to this Amendment
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (a Consent to Amendment No. 2). 

(3)
Each Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender that shall have executed and delivered a Consent to Amendment No. 2 pursuant to which it selected the Cashless Settlement Option with respect thereto (each such Amendment No. 1
Initial Term Lender being referred to as a Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender) has authorized MSSF to execute and deliver this Amendment on behalf of such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender and
has agreed to convert all (or such lesser amount allocated to such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender by MSSF) of its outstanding Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans in the same outstanding
aggregate principal amount as such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans so converted (the Conversion), and such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender shall thereafter become a
Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

(4) Each
Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender that shall have executed and delivered a Consent to Amendment No. 2 pursuant to which it selected the Post-Closing Settlement Option with respect thereto has agreed to have all of its
outstanding Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans prepaid on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and purchase by assignment the principal amount of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans committed to separately by such Amendment No. 1
Initial Term Lender (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender by MSSF). 

(5) Each Person whose name is set forth on Exhibit B hereto (each such Person being
referred to as a New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender and, together with each Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term
Lenders) has agreed to make an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date in a principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth on Exhibit B opposite its name (such commitment being, with
respect to each New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, its New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment), in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

(6) The Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans to be made by any Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender will be made solely
through the Conversion. The Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans to be made by any New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender will be funded in cash in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement, and the proceeds thereof received by the
Borrower shall be applied on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date to repay the principal in respect of all Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans that are not converted to Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans pursuant to the Conversion and,
to the extent any such proceeds remain, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and other fees and expenses payable in connection with the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and for any other purpose not prohibited by the Amended Credit
Agreement. 

(7) This Amendment constitutes a Refinancing Amendment pursuant to Section 2.23(e) of the Credit Agreement. 

(8) The Borrower has designated (i) MSSF to act, and MSSF has agreed to act, as lead left arranger and lead left
bookrunner for the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and (ii) each of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Citi), Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays), Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS), MUFG Bank,
Ltd. (MUFG) and Truist Securities, Inc. (Truist) to act, and each has agreed to act, as a joint lead arranger and joint lead bookrunner for the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans (each of MSSF, Citi,
Barclays, GS, MUFG and Truist in such capacities, a Lead Arranger and collectively, the Lead Arrangers) for this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(9) In accordance with Section 2.23 of the Credit Agreement, the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Amendment No. 2 Initial
Term Lenders, the Borrower and the other Loan Parties party hereto have each agreed, subject to the terms and conditions stated below, to the transactions described herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged), the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans.

(a) Converted Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans. The Borrower and each Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term
Lender agree that, on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans of such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender in an amount equal to 100% (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such
Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender by MSSF) of the outstanding principal amount of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans held by such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective
Date shall convert into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans of such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender under a new Class that shall be designated as Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans (and, upon such conversion, shall
cease to be Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans), and shall continue to be in effect and outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth therein. The Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans of each Converting
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender may be repaid or prepaid in accordance with the provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement, but once repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

2 

(b) New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans. Subject to the terms
and conditions hereof and the Amended Credit Agreement, each New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender agrees to make, on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan to the Borrower in a principal amount not
to exceed its New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment. The New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment of each New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender shall terminate immediately and without any further action upon the
making of its Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 

(c) Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loans Generally.

(i) The terms of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
made pursuant to each of Section 1(a) and Section 1(b) above shall be identical, and all such Term Loans shall constitute a single Class of Term Loans for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In
furtherance of the foregoing, effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (A) the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans established pursuant to
Section 1(a) and Section 1(b) above shall be Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, Term Loans and Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement and shall constitute an Amendment No. 2 Initial
Term Facility and a Facility under the Amended Credit Agreement, in each case for all purposes thereof, and (B) each Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender and each New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender
shall be an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, a Term Lender and a Lender under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(ii) The funding of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date pursuant to
Section 1(b) hereof shall be made in the manner contemplated by the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans arising from the Conversion shall be made solely by the conversion of the Amendment No. 1 Initial
Term Loans pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof. 

(iii) As of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loans shall be of such Type as shall be specified therefor in the Borrowing Request delivered under Section 3(d) hereof. The initial Interest Period applicable to each Borrowing of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
that are Term SOFR Loans shall be as set forth in the Borrowing Request delivered under Section 3(d) hereof. 

(d) Repayment of
Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans, Payment of Fees, Etc. On the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Borrower shall make the following payments: 

(i) the repayment of principal in respect of all Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans that are not converted to Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof; and 

(ii) the payment of all accrued and unpaid
interest on the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (including on those Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans converted to Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans). 

SECTION 2. Amendments. (a) With effect from and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
double-underlined text) as set forth in Exhibit C
attached hereto. 

3 

(b) The section of Schedule 2.01 of the Credit Agreement under the heading Amendment
No. 1 Initial Term Loan Commitments is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit D hereto. 

(c) The Term Facility Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto (i) hereby and acknowledge that the notice requirements set forth
in Section 2.23(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to have been satisfied, and (ii) hereby waive any requirement to deliver any notice of prepayment with respect to the prepayment of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans that
shall not be converted to Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans as contemplated by Section 1(d) hereof. 

SECTION 3.
Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment No. 2. This Amendment shall become effective on the first date (theAmendment No. 2 Effective Date) on which
the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived: 

(a) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts
of this Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of (i) each Loan Party, (ii) the Term Facility Administrative Agent and (iii) each Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender (including by MSSF on behalf of, and pursuant
to a written authorization of, an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender). 

(b) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have
received evidence that all fees previously agreed in writing between the Borrower and MSSF in respect of this Amendment, and all reasonable and documented or invoiced
out-of-pocket expenses of the Term Facility Administrative Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP)
payable by the Borrower for which invoices have been presented at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, shall have been paid by the Borrower. 

(c) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received payment in immediately available funds from or on behalf of the Borrower in an
amount sufficient to make the payments required to be made by the Borrower on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date pursuant to Section 1(d) hereof. 

(d) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request for the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans to be made
on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, setting forth the information specified in Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement, with such modifications thereto as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Term Facility Administrative Agent. 

(e) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Borrower,
dated the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and addressed to the Term Facility Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Term Facility Administrative Agent. The
Borrower hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such opinion to the Term Facility Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders. 

(f) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the Borrower, dated the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date
and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, which shall certify that, as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, at the time of and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) all representations and warranties made by any Loan Party contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents (including this Amendment) shall be true and correct in
all material respects (except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except
that the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent annual and quarterly 

4 

statements then delivered pursuant to Sections 5.04(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement; provided that the words Closing Date and Transactions as set forth in
Section 3.18 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and the Amendment No. 2 Transactions, respectively); provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to
materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or on such earlier date, as the case may be (after giving effect to such
qualification). 

(g) The Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or
similar officer of each Loan Party dated the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and certifying: 

(i) that attached thereto
is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership, certificate of formation or other equivalent constituent and governing documents, including all amendments thereto, of such Loan Party,
certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or other similar official or Governmental Authority) of the jurisdiction of its organization or by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar officer of such Loan Party or other person
duly authorized by the constituent documents of such Loan Party; 

(ii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of
the by-laws (or partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other equivalent constituent and governing documents) of such Loan Party as in effect on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date
and at all times since a date prior to the date of the resolutions described in the following clause (iii); 

(iii) that
attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Loan Party (or its managing general partner or managing member), authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, and 

(iv) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer or authorized signatory executing any Loan Document or any
other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party. 

(h) The Term Facility Administrative Agent and each other
Lead Arranger shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, (x) all documentation and other information required with respect to the Loan Parties by regulatory authorities under
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and (y) a Beneficial Ownership Certification, in each case, to the extent requested in writing at least
five (5) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 

SECTION 4. Confirmation and Reaffirmation of
Obligations.

(a) After giving effect to the Amendment No. 2 Transactions on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, each Loan
Party hereby unconditionally and irrevocably (a) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents (including the Amended Credit Agreement) to which it is a party
(or to which another Loan Party is party on such Persons behalf), and (b) ratifies and reaffirms each grant of a Lien on, or security interest in, its property made pursuant to the Loan Documents to which it is a party (or to which
another Loan Party is party on such Persons behalf) and confirms that such Liens and security interests continue to have full force and effect at law following the effectiveness of this Amendment to secure the Obligations (including any
Obligations in respect of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans), subject to the terms thereof. 

5 

SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties. The Loan Parties hereby represent and
warrant, on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment) that: 

(a) no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment; 

(b) all representations and warranties made by any Loan Party contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents
are true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to
an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.05 of the Credit
Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent annual and quarterly statements then delivered pursuant to Sections 5.04(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement); provided that the words Closing Date and
Transactions as set forth in Section 3.18 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and the Amendment No. 2 Transactions; provided that any representation and warranty
that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or on such earlier date, as the case may be (after giving
effect to such qualification); and 

(c) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and this
Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership,
moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 

SECTION 6. Reference to and
Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents.

(a) This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. On and after the effectiveness
of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in each of the other Loan Documents to
the Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(b) The Credit Agreement, as specifically amended by this Amendment, is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby in all
respects ratified and confirmed (it being acknowledged and agreed that (i) all interest and fees accrued under the Credit Agreement in respect of any Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans converted into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
pursuant hereto in respect of periods prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date shall have accrued at the rates specified in the Credit Agreement prior to its amendment by this Amendment, and shall be payable on the Amendment No. 2
Effective Date, and (ii) from and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, all interest and fees accruing under the Amended Credit Agreement in respect of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans shall accrue at the rates specified in
the Amended Credit Agreement). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after giving effect to the Amendment No. 2 Transactions on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the Security Documents executed prior to the Amendment
No. 2 Effective Date and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue in full force and effect to secure where they purport to do so the payment of all Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in each case as
amended by this Amendment. 

6 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as
expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank under any
of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 

SECTION 7. Costs and Expenses. The
Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses of the Term Facility Administrative Agent in connection with
the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and
other charges of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP (counsel to the Term Facility Administrative Agent) in accordance with Section 9.05(a) of the Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 8. Entire Agreement. This Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof. 

SECTION 9. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived
except pursuant to a writing signed by the Term Facility Administrative Agent. The section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into
consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. In the event that any one or more provisions of this Amendment should be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby as to such jurisdiction, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The
Term Facility Administrative Agent shall endeavor in good faith to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions. 

SECTION 10. Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Amendment may be executed by one or
more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or tif) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or
other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

SECTION 11. No Novation. The Loan Parties have requested, and the Lenders party hereto have agreed, that the Credit Agreement be,
effective from and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, amended as set forth herein. Such amendment shall not, and is not intended to, constitute a novation of any indebtedness or other obligations owing to the Lenders, the Swingline
Lender, any Issuing Bank, the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

7 

SECTION 12. Governing Law.THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR
CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

SECTION 13. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. The provisions of Section 9.11 and 9.15 of the Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated by reference, mutatismutandis, as if set forth in full herein. 

SECTION 14. Required Lender Direction.
The Lenders party hereto (who, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute the Required Lenders) hereby (i) instruct the Term Facility Administrative Agent to (x) enter into this Amendment and (y) comply with this Amendment to the extent
specified herein and to take all other actions (or refrain from acting), in each case, as expressly contemplated hereby and (ii) acknowledge and agree that (x) the direction set forth in this Section 14 constitutes a direction from
the Required Lenders under the provisions of Article VIII of the Credit Agreement and (y) Article VIII (including, without limitation, Section 8.04) of the Credit Agreement shall apply to any and all actions (and inactions) taken by the
Term Facility Administrative Agent in accordance with such direction. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

MAGNITE, INC.,

by /s/ Natalie Pechacek

Name: Natalie Pechacek

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Tax Officer

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,

as the Term Facility Administrative Agent

by /s/ Constantine N. Darras

Name: Constantine N. Darras

Title: Authorized Signatory

MORGAN STANLEY BANK N.A.,

as a New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender

by /s/ Constantine N. Darras

Name: Constantine N. Darras

Title: Authorized Signatory

EACH CONVERTING AMENDMENT NO. 2 INITIAL TERM LENDER THAT HAS RECEIVED AN ALLOCATION OF AMENDMENT NO. 2 INITIAL TERM LOANS AS OF THE AMENDMENT NO. 2 EFFECTIVE DATE, BY MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,
PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS AUTHORIZATION GRANTED THERETO BY EACH SUCH CONVERTING AMENDMENT NO. 2 INITIAL TERM LENDER ON SUCH LENDERS EXISTING LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE

by /s/ Constantine N. Darras

Name: Constantine N. Darras

Title: Authorized Signatory

Exhibit A 

EXISTING LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans 

Refinancing Election Form and Consent to Amendment No. 2 

Reference is made to the Memorandum to Lenders, dated March 3, 2025 (the Memorandum), relating to the proposed
establishment of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and the Refinancing. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 

Pursuant to the section of the Memorandum entitled Procedures for Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders, the undersigned
Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender hereby (a) agrees to convert, pursuant to the Amendment, 100% of the principal amount (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such Lender by Morgan Stanley) of its Amendment No. 1 Initial
Term Loans into the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and (b) consents to and approves the Amendment and agrees to be bound by the terms thereof and the terms of the Credit Agreement as amended thereby. 

The undersigned Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes Morgan Stanley to set forth on Schedule 2.01 to the
Credit Agreement (as amended by the Amendment) the name of such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender and the principal amount of its Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans (if the undersigned Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender elected the
Cashless Settlement Option as indicated below) to be converted, pursuant to the Amendment, into the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, and further irrevocably authorizes, and grants a power of attorney to, Morgan Stanley (which may delegate
such power of attorney to any branch or Affiliate designated by it) to execute and deliver the Amendment on behalf of the undersigned Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender, in the draft form most recently posted, prior to such execution and
delivery, to the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders by Morgan Stanley (with such amendments or modifications thereto (including to schedules and exhibits thereto), including filling in of the blanks, as Morgan Stanley determines, in its sole
discretion, are consistent with the Memorandum (and any subsequent memorandum posted to the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders in connection with the Refinancing) and the transactions contemplated thereby or do not adversely affect the rights
of such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender with respect to the draft form of the Amendment (including the schedules and exhibits thereto) so most recently posted to the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders), and acknowledges and agrees
that, upon such execution and delivery, such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender shall be bound by the terms of the Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended thereby with the same force and effect as if it were a direct signatory thereto.

[REMAINDEROF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lenders. The undersigned Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender hereby irrevocably and unconditionally approves the Amendment and consents as follows (check ONE
option):

Cashless Settlement Option (cashless roll) Post-Closing Settlement Option (cash roll)

to convert 100% (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such
Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender by Morgan Stanley) of the outstanding principal amount of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans held by such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans in an
equal principal amount 

to have 100% of the outstanding principal amount
of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans held by such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender prepaid on the date of effectiveness of the Amendment and purchase by assignment the principal amount of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
committed to separately by such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender by Morgan Stanley)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender has caused this Election Form to be executed and
delivered by a duly authorized officer thereof. 

Name of Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender (name of legal entity):

by 

Name:

Title:

For any Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Lender requiring a second signature block: 

by 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit B 

NEW AMENDMENT NO. 2 INITIAL TERM LOAN COMMITMENTS 

Lender New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan

Commitments 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $ 92,621,926.13 

Exhibit C 

AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[See Attached] 

EXHIBIT C 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as
of February 6, 2024 

as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 18, 2024, 

as amended by Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 18, 2025, 

among 

MAGNITE, INC. 

as the Borrower, 

THE LENDERS
PARTY HERETO, 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 

as Term Facility Administrative Agent 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

as Revolving
Facility Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 

GOLDMAN SACHS
BANK USA, 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 

SILICON VALLEY
BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY, 

and 

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. 

as Joint
Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners for the Facilities 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02. Terms Generally; GAAP 78 

Section 1.03. Effectuation of Transactions 79 

Section 1.04. Timing of Payment or Performance 79 

Section 1.05. Times of Day 79 

Section 1.06. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 79 

Section 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts 79 

Section 1.08. Cashless Rollovers 79 

Section 1.09. Certain Calculations 80 

Section 1.10. Limited Condition Transactions 80 

Section 1.11. Divisions 81 

Section 1.12. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 81 

ARTICLE II The Credits 82 

Section 2.01. Commitments 82 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 82 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 83 

Section 2.04. Swingline Loans 84 

Section 2.05. Letters of Credit 86 

Section 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 96 

Section 2.07. Interest Elections 97 

Section 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 98 

Section 2.09. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 99 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Term Loans and Revolving Facility Loans and Prepayment Procedures 100 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 102 

Section 2.12. Fees 104 

Section 2.13. Interest 105 

Section 2.14. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 106 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs 111 

Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 113 

Section 2.17. Taxes 113 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 118 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 119 

Section 2.20. Illegality 121 

Section 2.21. Incremental Commitments 121 

Section 2.22. Extensions of Loans and Commitments 125 

Section 2.23. Refinancing Amendments 127 

Section 2.24. Defaulting Lenders 131 

Section 2.25. Loan Repurchases 134 

i 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 136 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 136 

Section 3.02. Authorization 136 

Section 3.03. Enforceability 136 

Section 3.04. Governmental Approvals 137 

Section 3.05. Financial Statements 137 

Section 3.06. No Material Adverse Effect 137 

Section 3.07. Title to Properties 137 

Section 3.08. Subsidiaries 138 

Section 3.09. Litigation; Compliance with Laws 138 

Section 3.10. Federal Reserve Regulations 138 

Section 3.11. Investment Company Act 138 

Section 3.12. Use of Proceeds 138 

Section 3.13. Tax Returns 139 

Section 3.14. No Material Misstatements 139 

Section 3.15. EEA Financial Institutions 140 

Section 3.16. Environmental Matters 140 

Section 3.17. Security Documents 140 

Section 3.18. Solvency 141 

Section 3.19. ERISA 141 

Section 3.20. Labor Matters 142 

Section 3.21. Insurance 142 

Section 3.22. Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 142 

Section 3.23. USA PATRIOT Act 142 

Section 3.24. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 142 

ARTICLE IV Conditions of Lending 142 

Section 4.01. Closing Date 142 

Section 4.02. Subsequent Credit Events 145 

Section 4.03. Determinations Under Section 4.01 146 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 146 

Section 5.01. Existence; Business and Properties 146 

Section 5.02. Insurance 147 

Section 5.03. Taxes 147 

Section 5.04. Financial Statements, Reports, Etc. 148 

Section 5.05. Litigation and Other Notices 149 

Section 5.06. Compliance with Laws 150 

Section 5.07. Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections 150 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds 151 

Section 5.09. Compliance with Environmental Laws 151 

Section 5.10. Further Assurances; Additional Security 151 

Section 5.11. Ratings 154 

Section 5.12. Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 154 

ii 

Section 5.13. Post-Closing 154 

Section 5.14. Quarterly Lender Calls 154 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 154 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness 155 

Section 6.02. Liens 161 

Section 6.03. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments 166 

Section 6.04. Investments, Loans and Advances 170 

Section 6.05. Mergers, Consolidations; Asset Sales 174 

Section 6.06. Transactions with Affiliates 178 

Section 6.07. Business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; Etc. 180 

Section 6.08. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions and Negative Pledge Clauses 180 

Section 6.09. Amendments to Junior Financing 182 

Section 6.10. Financial Covenant 182 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 183 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 183 

Section 7.02. [Reserved] 186 

Section 7.03. Application of Funds 186 

ARTICLE VIII The Agents 187 

Section 8.01. Appointment 187 

Section 8.02. Delegation of Duties 188 

Section 8.03. Exculpatory Provisions 188 

Section 8.04. Reliance by Agents 189 

Section 8.05. Notice of Default 190 

Section 8.06. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 190 

Section 8.07. Indemnification 191 

Section 8.08. Agent in Its Individual Capacity 192 

Section 8.09. Successor Administrative Agent 192 

Section 8.10. Arrangers, Etc. 193 

Section 8.11. Security Documents and Collateral Agent 193 

Section 8.12. Right to Realize on Collateral, Enforce Guarantees, and Credit Bidding 194 

Section 8.13. Withholding Tax 195 

Section 8.14. Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements 196 

Section 8.15. Certain ERISA Matters 196 

Section 8.16. Erroneous Payments 197 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 198 

Section 9.01. Notices; Communications 198 

Section 9.02. Survival of Agreement 200 

iii 

Section 9.03. Binding Effect 200 

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 200 

Section 9.05. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability 206 

Section 9.06. Right of Set-off 209 

Section 9.07. Applicable Law 209 

Section 9.08. Waivers; Amendment 209 

Section 9.09. Interest Rate Limitation 214 

Section 9.10. Entire Agreement 214 

Section 9.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 215 

Section 9.12. Severability 215 

Section 9.13. Counterparts 215 

Section 9.14. Headings 215 

Section 9.15. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 215 

Section 9.16. Confidentiality 216 

Section 9.17. Platform; Borrower Materials 217 

Section 9.18. Release of Liens and Guarantees 218 

Section 9.19. USA PATRIOT Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation Notice 220 

Section 9.20. Agency of the Borrower for the Loan Parties 220 

Section 9.21. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 220 

Section 9.22. Payments Set Aside 221 

Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 221 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 222 

Section 9.25. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 223 

Section 9.26. Net Short Lenders 223 

iv 

Exhibits and Schedules 

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit B [Reserved]

Exhibit C Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit D-1 Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit D-2 Form of Swingline Borrowing Request

Exhibit D-3 Form of Letter of Credit Request

Exhibit E Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit F Auction Procedures

Exhibit G Form of Intercompany Note

Exhibit H Form of Promissory Note

Exhibit I Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit J-1 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-2 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-3 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-4 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit K [Reserved]

Exhibit L Form of Collateral Agreement

Exhibit M Form of Guarantee Agreement

Schedule 1.01A Excluded Subsidiaries

Schedule 2.01 Commitments

Schedule 2.05 Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 3.04 Governmental Approvals

Schedule 3.08 Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.09 Litigation

Schedule 3.21 Insurance

Schedule 3.22 Intellectual Property

Schedule 5.13 Post-Closing Obligations

Schedule 6.01 Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02(a) Liens

Schedule 6.04 Investments

Schedule 6.06 Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule 9.01 Notice Information

v 

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 6, 2024 (as amended, supplemented, restated,
amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), by and among MAGNITE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as administrative agent for
the Term Facility (in such capacity, the Term Facility Administrative Agent), CITIBANK, N.A. (Citibank), as administrative agent for the Revolving Facility (in such capacity, the Revolving
Facility Administrative Agent), Collateral Agent and Swingline Lender, and each Issuing Bank and Lender (each as defined below) party hereto from time to time. 

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to
extend credit as set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks are willing to extend such credit to the Borrower on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below: 

ABR shall mean for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of
1.00%, (b) the U.S. Prime Lending Rate published by the Wall Street Journal and (c) Term SOFR for a one month interest period (and with the Term SOFR component thereof determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition
of Term SOFR) plus 1.00%; provided that, (x) with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, if the rate described in preceding clause (a) shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00% and
(y) with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, if the rate described in preceding clause (a) shall be less than 0.00% such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%. ABR when used with respect to any Loan or Borrowing, refers
to whether such Loan, or the Loans included in such Borrowing, bear interest by reference to the ABR. 

ABR Borrowing
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. 

ABR Loan shall mean any ABR Term Loan, ABR Revolving Facility Loan or
Swingline Loan. 

ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Revolving Facility Loans.

ABR Revolving Facility Loan shall mean any Revolving Facility Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference
to the ABR in accordance with the provisions of Article II. 

ABR Term Loan shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at
a rate determined by reference to the ABR in accordance with the provisions of Article II. 

ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the
definition of Term SOFR. 

Administration Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.12(c). 

Administrative Agent means 

(a) with respect to any (x) Borrowing, advance, prepayment, repayment, reimbursement and other payment, including any Erroneous Payment
(and including any related bank accounts) of, with respect to or in connection with, or (y) any fee payable with respect to or in connection with, in the case of each of (x) and (y), any Term Facility, the Term Facility Administrative
Agent; 

(b) with respect to any (x) Borrowing, advance, prepayment, repayment, reimbursement and other payment, including any
Erroneous Payment (and including any related bank accounts) of, with respect to or in connection with, or (y) any fee payable with respect to or in connection with, in the case of each of (x) and (y), any Revolving Facility, the Revolving
Facility Administrative Agent; 

(c) with respect to any matters related to determination, calculation, replacement or approval of an
interest rate (or any component thereof) under a Term Facility, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(d) with respect to any matters
related to determination, calculation, replacement or approval of an interest rate (or any component thereof) or Permitted Foreign Currency under any Revolving Facility, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(e) with respect to any notices, certificates, questionnaires, documents, reports, communications and any other information and documentation
to be delivered to the Administrative Agent by (x) any Loan Party that are exclusively related to any Term Facility or any Term Lender (including borrowing and prepayment notices and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any reports, notices,
documents, communications and information (A) delivered by any of the Loan Parties under Article V or (B) related to Collateral and security interests therein) or (y) any Term Lender, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(f) with respect to any notices, certificates, questionnaires, documents, reports, communications and any other information and documentation
to be delivered to the Administrative Agent by (x) any Loan Party that are exclusively related to the Revolving Facility or any Revolving Facility Lender (including borrowing, prepayment, commitment termination and cancellation notices and
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any reports, notices, documents, communications and information (A) delivered by any of the Loan Parties under Article V or (B) related to Collateral and security interests therein) or (y) any
Revolving Facility Lender, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(g) with respect to any notices, certificates, documents,
reports, communications and any other information and documentation to be delivered, made or posted by the Administrative Agent to (x) any Loan Party that are exclusively related to any Term Facility or any Term Lender (excluding any notices
described in clause (t) below) or (y) any Term Lender, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

2 

(h) with respect to any notices, certificates, documents, reports, communications and any
other information and documentation to be delivered, made or posted by the Administrative Agent to (x) any Loan Party that are exclusively related to any of the Revolving Facility or any Revolving Facility Lender (excluding any notices
described in clause (s) below) or (y) any Revolving Facility Lender, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(i) with
respect to any demands and requests that the Administrative Agent is required to, or has the right or option to, make (excluding any demands and requests described in clause (t) below) with respect to (x) any Loan Party that are
exclusively related to any Term Facility or (y) any Term Lender, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(j) with respect to any
demands and requests that the Administrative Agent is required to, or has the right or option to, make (excluding any demands and requests described in clause (s) below) with respect to (x) any Loan Party that are exclusively related to
the Revolving Facility or (y) any Revolving Facility Lender, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(k) with respect to any
matter related to conditions precedent to any Term Borrowing and any determination whether such conditions are satisfied, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(l) with respect to any matter related to conditions precedent to any Revolving Facility Borrowing, Swingline Borrowing or any L/C Borrowing
and any determination whether such conditions are satisfied, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(m) with respect to any matter
related to any assignments of, or participations in, any Term Facility (including the maintenance of the Register of Term Lenders), the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(n) with respect to any matter related to any assignments of, or participations in, any of the Revolving Facility (including the maintenance
of the Register of Revolving Facility Lenders), the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(o) with respect to any matter related to
the designation of any Term Lender as a Defaulting Lender, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(p) with respect to any matter related
to the designation of any Revolving Facility Lender as a Defaulting Lender, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(q) with respect
to any amendments or other modifications of the Loan Documents in connection with the establishment of an Incremental Term Loan, a Refinancing Term Loan or Extended Term Loan, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(r) with respect to any amendments or other modifications of the Loan Documents in connection with the establishment of an Incremental
Revolving Loan, a new revolving credit facility with respect to Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

3 

(s) with respect to any action to be taken (including any request or demand to be made,
notice to be delivered or any approval, consent or acceptance to be granted) by the Administrative Agent at the instruction or direction of the Required Lenders constituting solely Term Lenders, the Term Facility Administrative Agent; 

(t) with respect to any action to be taken (including any request or demand to be made, notice to be delivered or any approval, consent or
acceptance to be granted) by the Administrative Agent at the instruction or direction of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Facility Lenders, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; 

(u) with respect to any notices that the Administrative Agent is authorized or required to deliver to any Loan Party (including notices of
occurrence of any Default pursuant to Section 7.01 but excluding any notices described in clause (g), (h), (s) or (t)), the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent, the Term Facility Administrative Agent or either of them; 

(v) with respect to any demands, requests and any other action that the Administrative Agent is required to, or has the right or option to,
provide, make or take (excluding any demands and requests set forth in clause (i), (j), (s) or (t)), the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent, the Term Facility Administrative Agent or either of them; 

(w) with respect to any matters related to Cash Collateral, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent; and 

(x) with respect to any other matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any reference to the Administrative Agent in connection with
(A) the delivery of any reports, notices, documents, communications and information by the Loan Parties under Article V, (B) any amendments, waivers or modifications of the Loan Documents, (C) any matter requiring approval, consent,
acceptance or agreement of the Administrative Agent, (D) the description of the powers and authority of the Administrative Agent and (E) any indemnity, exculpation and reimbursement provisions), solely to the extent not otherwise described
in any of clauses (a) through (w) above, both the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent and the Term Facility Administrative Agent. 

Administrative Agent Fees shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(c). 

Administrative Questionnaire shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified. 

4 

Agent Fee Letters shall mean (a) that certain New Facilities Fee
Letter dated as of January 8, 2024, by and between the Borrower and Citibank (as such New Facilities Fee Letter may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified) and (b) that certain New Facilities Fee Letter dated as of
January 8, 2024, by and between the Borrower and Morgan Stanley (as such New Facilities Fee Letter may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified). 

Agents shall mean the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and any sub-agent or co-agent of either of the foregoing pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

All-in Yield shall mean, as to any Loans (or other Indebtedness, if applicable),
the yield thereon to Lenders (or other lenders, as applicable) providing such Loans (or other Indebtedness, if applicable) in the primary syndication thereof, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower,
taking into account (a) interest rate margins, (b) interest rate floors (subject to the proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors prior to the applicable date of
determination and (d) original issue discount and upfront or similar fees (based on an assumed four-year average life to maturity), but excluding (i) any arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting and/or amendment fees (regardless
of whether any such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part with any lender) and (ii) any other fees that, in each case, are not payable to all relevant lenders generally; provided, however, that (A) to the extent that
Term SOFR (for a period of three months) or ABR (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is less than any floor applicable to the loans in respect of which the All-in Yield is
being calculated on the date on which the All-in Yield is determined, the amount of the resulting difference will be deemed added to the interest rate margin applicable to the relevant Indebtedness for
purposes of calculating the All-in Yield and (B) to the extent that Term SOFR (for a period of three months) or ABR (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is greater than
any applicable floor on the date on which the All-in Yield is determined, the floor will be disregarded in calculating the All-in Yield. 

Amendment No. 1 shall mean Amendment No. 1 to this Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1
Effective Date, among the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the Loan Parties. 

Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date shall mean September 18, 2024. 

Amendment No. 1 Initial
Term Lender shall mean, at any time, any Lender that holds an Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loan Commitment or Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans at such time. 

Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loan Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term hereunder
immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 

Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans
shall have the meaning assigned to such term hereunder immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 

5 

Amendment No. 1 Transactions shall mean the
transactions provided for under Amendment No. 1, including the (i) incurrence of the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, (ii) repayment in full (including by conversion of any applicable
Initial Term Loans into Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans) of all Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 1 and (iii) payment of fees, costs and expenses in connection with the
foregoing. 

Amendment No. 2 shall mean Amendment No. 2 to this Agreement, dated as of the
Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, among the Term Facility Administrative Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the Loan Parties. 

Amendment No. 2 Effective Date shall mean March 18, 2025. 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Facility shall mean the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments
and the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans made hereunder. 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender
shall mean, at any time, any Lender that holds an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment or Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans at such time. 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment shall mean, (a) in the case of each New Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Lender, the amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule 2.01 as its Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment, (b) in the case of each Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, an amount
equal to 100% (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender by the Term Facility Administrative Agent) of the outstanding principal amount of Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans held by
such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (with the aggregate amount of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments of the Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders being
set forth on Schedule 2.01) and (c) in the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the amount specified as such Lenders Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment in the
applicable Assignment and Acceptance. The aggregate amount of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date is $363,177,281.25. 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Installment Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.10(a)(i). 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date shall mean
February 6, 2031. 

Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans shall mean the term loans made by the
Term Lenders to the Borrower on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a). 

Amendment
No. 2 Transactions shall mean the transactions provided for under Amendment No. 2, including the (i) incurrence of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date,
(ii) repayment in full (including by conversion of any applicable Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans into Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans) of all Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the
effectiveness of Amendment No. 2 and (iii) payment of fees, costs and expenses in connection with the foregoing. 

6 

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean all laws or rules related to bribery or
anti-corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the UK Bribery Act 2010, as amended. 

Applicable Commitment Fee shall mean for any day: 

(a) with respect to any Revolving Facility Commitments in effect on the Closing Date (A) from the Closing Date to the date on which the
Administrative Agent receives a certificate pursuant to Section 5.04(c) for the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, 0.375% per annum, and (B) thereafter, the following percentages per annum set forth below under the
caption Applicable Commitment Fee, based upon the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.04(c); 

Level 

First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 

Applicable Commitment Fee

I 0.50 to 1.00 0.25%

II > 0.50 to 1.00 and 1.00 to 1.00 0.375%

III > 1.00 to 1.00 0.50%

With respect to subclause (a) above, any increase or decrease in the Applicable Commitment Fee resulting from a change in
the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(c); provided, however, that if such certificate is not
delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, pricing Level III shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such certificate was required to have been
delivered and in each case shall remain in effect until the date on which such certificate is delivered. In the event that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent determines that any financial statement or certificate delivered pursuant to
Section 5.04(c) is inaccurate, and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a different Applicable Commitment Fee for any period (an Applicable Period) than the Applicable Margin applied for such
Applicable Period, then (a) the Borrower shall promptly following such determination deliver to the Administrative Agent correct financial statements and certificates required by Section 5.04(c) for such Applicable Period, (b) the
Applicable Commitment Fee for such Applicable Period shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were determined based on the amounts set forth in such correct financial statements and certificates and (c) if the correct
Applicable Commitment Fee for the Applicable Period is higher than the Applicable Commitment Fee that was paid for such period, the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days) following delivery of such corrected
financial statements and certificates pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional interest and fees owing as a result of such increased Applicable Commitment Fee for such Applicable Period; and 

(b) with respect to any Other Revolving Facility Commitments, the Applicable Commitment Fee set forth in the applicable Extension
Amendment or Refinancing Amendment (as applicable). 

Applicable Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.08(f). 

7 

Applicable Margin shall mean for any day: 

(a) with respect to any Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan, 3.00% per annum in the case of any Term SOFR Loan and 2.00% per annum in the
case of any ABR Loan, and 

(b) with respect to any Revolving Facility Loan and any Swingline Loan under the Revolving Facility in effect
on the Closing Date (A) from the Closing Date to the date on which the Administrative Agent receives a certificate pursuant to Section 5.04(c) for the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, 3.75% per annum in the case of
any Term SOFR Loan and 2.75% per annum in the case of any ABR Loan, and (B) thereafter, the following percentages per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as the case may be, based upon
the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.04(c); 

Revolving Facility Loans

Level 

First Lien Net Leverage Ratio Term SOFR

Loans ABR Loans 

I 0.50 to 1.00 3.50 % 2.50 % 

II > 0.50 to 1.00 and 1.00 to 1.00 3.75 % 2.75 % 

III > 1.00 to 1.00 4.00 % 3.00 % 

With respect to subclause (b) above, any increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the
First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(c); provided, however, that if such certificate is not delivered
when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, with respect to the Revolving Facility Loans and Swingline Loans, pricing Level III shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date
on which such certificate was required to have been delivered and in each case shall remain in effect until the date on which such certificate is delivered. In the event that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent determines that any financial
statement or certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(c) is inaccurate, and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a different Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period than the Applicable Margin applied
for such Applicable Period, then (a) the Borrower shall promptly following such determination deliver to the Administrative Agent correct financial statements and certificates required by Section 5.04(c) for such Applicable Period,
(b) the Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were determined based on the amounts set forth in such correct financial statements and certificates and (c) if the correct
Applicable Margin for the Applicable Period is higher than the Applicable Margin that was paid for such period, the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days) following delivery of such corrected financial
statements and certificates pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional interest and fees owing as a result of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period; and 

8 

(c) with respect to any Other Term Loan or Other Revolving Loan, the Applicable
Margin set forth in the Incremental Assumption Agreement, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment (as applicable) relating thereto. 

Applicable Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Applicable Commitment
Fee. 

Approved Bank has the meaning assigned to such term in subclause (e) of the definition of the term
Cash Equivalents. 

Approved Fund shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(ii).

Arrangers shall mean, collectively, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Goldman Sachs
Bank USA, Capital One, National Association, MUFG Bank, Ltd., Silicon Valley Bank, A Division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust company, and Truist Securities, Inc., in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners with
respect to the Facilities. 

Asset Sale shall mean (x) any Disposition (including any sale and leaseback of assets
but excluding any lease or sublease of Real Property (to the extent such lease or sublease does not constitute a sale and leaseback)) to any person of any asset or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (y) any sale of any Equity
Interests by any Subsidiary to a person other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 

Assignee shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(i). 

Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance
entered into by a Lender and an Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (if required by Section 9.04), in the form of Exhibit A or such other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an
electronic platform) as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent and reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. 

Auction
Manager shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(a). 

Auction Procedures shall mean
auction procedures with respect to Purchase Offers set forth in Exhibit F hereto. 

Auto-Extension Letter of
Credit shall have the meaning assigned that term in Section 2.05(b)(iii). 

Availability Period shall
mean, with respect to any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments, the period from and including the Closing Date (or, if later, the effective date for such Class of Revolving Facility Commitments) to but excluding the earlier of the
Revolving Facility Maturity Date for such Class and, in the case of each of the Revolving Facility Loans, Revolving Facility Borrowings, Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit under any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments, the date of
termination of the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class. 

9 

Available Excluded Contribution Amount shall mean the aggregate amount of
cash or Cash Equivalents or the fair market value of other assets (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower) received by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries after the Closing Date from: 

(a) contributions in respect of Qualified Equity Interests (other than any amounts received from the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries), plus

(b) the sale of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (other than (i) to the Borrower or any of the
Subsidiaries or (ii) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan), in each case with respect to clauses (a) and (b) above, designated as an Available Excluded Contribution
Amount pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer on or promptly after the date on which the relevant capital contribution is made or the relevant proceeds are received, as the case may be, and which have not been applied in reliance on the
Builder Basket, minus

(c) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to
Section 6.03(a)(xv), Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.03(b)(vi)(B) and Investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(ee). 

Available Unused Commitment shall mean, with respect to a Revolving Facility Lender under any Class of Revolving
Facility Commitments at any time, an amount equal to the amount by which (a) the applicable Revolving Facility Commitment of such Revolving Facility Lender at such time exceeds (b) the applicable Revolving Facility Credit Exposure
(excluding the Swingline Exposure) of such Revolving Facility Lender at such time. 

Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by
the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the
implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking
Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than
through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the
United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now or hereafter in effect, and any successor thereto. 

Benchmark shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

10 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Transition Event shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Unavailability Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean, with respect to the Borrower, a certification regarding beneficial ownership
as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the
Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or such other form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board
shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Board of Directors
shall mean, as to any person, the board of directors, the board of managers, the sole manager or other governing body of such person or any duly appointed committee thereof. 

Borrower shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement, or any permitted
successor thereto. 

Borrower Materials shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.04. 

Borrowing shall mean a group of Loans of a single Class and Type, and made on a single date and, in the case of Term
SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Minimum shall mean (a) in the case of
Term SOFR Loans, $1,000,000, (b) in the case of ABR Loans, $1,000,000 and (c) in the case of Swingline Loans, $500,000. 

11 

Borrowing Multiple shall mean (a) in the case of Term SOFR Loans,
$500,000, (b) in the case of ABR Loans, $250,000 and (c) in the case of Swingline Loans, $100,000. 

Borrowing
Request shall mean a request by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 and substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 or another form (including any form on an electronic
platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent) approved by the Administrative Agent and appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Builder Basket shall mean, as of any date of determination (the Builder Basket Reference Time), a
cumulative amount equal to 

(a) 

the sum of (without duplication) 

(i) $23,000,000; plus

(ii) 50% of Consolidated Net Income (which shall not be less than zero) for the period from May 1, 2021 to and including
the last day for the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower prior to the Builder Basket Reference Time plus

(iii) the amount of any capital contribution to, or the proceeds of any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of, the Borrower
after the Closing Date (other than any amount received from any Subsidiary), plus the fair market value, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, of cash equivalents, marketable securities or other property, in each case received by
the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries as a capital contribution or in return for any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests (other than any amounts received from the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries), in each case, during the period from and
including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such Builder Basket Reference Time; plus

(iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, of the Borrower or any
of Subsidiaries issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Equity Interests issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiaries), which has been converted into or exchanged for Equity Interests of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary that does not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, together with the fair market value of any cash equivalents and the fair market value (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower) of any assets received by the Borrower
or such Subsidiary upon such exchange or conversion, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such Builder Basket Reference Time; plus

(v) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiaries during the period from and including the day immediately
following the Closing Date through and including such Builder Basket Reference Time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Subsidiaries) of any Investment made pursuant to Section 6.04(bb); plus

12 

(vi) to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect
to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such
Builder Basket Reference Time in connection with cash returns, cash profits, cash distributions and similar cash amounts, including cash principal repayments of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Closing Date
pursuant to Section 6.04(bb); plus

(vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investment
by the Borrower or any Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 6.04(bb) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or
is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Subsidiaries, (B) the fair market value (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or
otherwise distributed to the Borrower or any Subsidiaries and (C) the Net Proceeds of any Disposition of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the issuance or sale of Equity Interest thereof) received by the Borrower or any Subsidiaries, in
each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such Builder Basket Reference Time; plus

(viii) the amount of any Declined Prepayment Amount since the Closing Date; minus

(b) 

an amount equal to the sum of 

(i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.03(a)(xiv), plus

(ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.03(b)(vi)(A), plus

(iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(bb), 

in each case, after the Closing Date and prior to such Builder Basket Reference Time or contemporaneously therewith. 

Builder Basket Reference Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Builder Basket.

Business Day shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City
are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Term SOFR Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

13 

Canadian Dollars shall mean the lawful currency of Canada. 

Capital Expenditures shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate amount, without duplication, of
(a) all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized as Capitalized Lease Obligations) that would, in accordance with GAAP, be included as additions to property,
plant and equipment, (b) other capital expenditures of such Person for such period (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized as Capitalized Lease Obligations) that are
reported in the Borrowers consolidated statement of cash flows for such period and (c) other capital expenditures of such Person for such period (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts
expended or capitalized as Capitalized Lease Obligations, including any capitalized bonus payment). 

Capitalized Lease
Obligations shall mean, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on the balance sheet
(excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP; provided that the Borrower may choose for any obligations of any person that are or would be characterized as operating lease obligations in accordance with GAAP on December 31,
2018 (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) to be accounted for as operating lease obligations (and not as Capitalized Lease Obligations) for purposes of this Agreement regardless of any change in GAAP
following such date that would otherwise require such obligations to be recharacterized (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) as Capitalized Lease Obligations. 

Captive Insurance Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is subject to regulation as an insurance company. 

Cash Collateralize shall mean to pledge and deposit with, or deliver to, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of one or
more of the Issuing Banks or Lenders, as collateral for Revolving L/C Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of Revolving L/C Exposure, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Collateral Agent and each Issuing
Bank shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and each applicable Issuing Bank. Cash Collateral and
Cash Collateralization shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 

Cash Equivalents or cash equivalents shall mean, as at any date of determination, 

(a) Dollars, Euro, Pounds, Canadian Dollars or such other currencies held by the Borrower or any Subsidiary from time to time in the ordinary
course of business; 

(b) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to
interest and principal by the government of the US, Canada, the United Kingdom or by any member nation of the European Union or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, the obligations of which are backed by the
full faith and credit of the US, Canada, the United Kingdom or any such member nation of the European Union, as applicable, in each case having average maturities of not more than twelve months from the date of acquisition thereof and, in each case,
repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; 

14 

(c) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of
the US or any political subdivision, taxing authority or any public instrumentality thereof or any foreign government, in each case having average maturities of not more than 12 months from the acquisition; 

(d) commercial paper having average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the
acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time either S&P or Moodys is not rating such
obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); 

(e) deposits, money market deposits,
time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank
under, the laws of the US, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements
relating thereto (any such bank being an Approved Bank); 

(f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the
date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000; 

(g) marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2
or A-2 from either Moodys or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time either S&P or Moodys is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical
rating agency); 

(h) investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys (or, if at any time either S&P or Moodys is not rating such obligations, an equivalent
rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); 

(i) shares of any money market mutual fund that has
(i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above, (ii) net assets of not less than $250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least
A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time either S&P or Moodys is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another
nationally recognized statistical rating agency); and 

(j) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that
such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. 

The term Cash Equivalents and cash
equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (b) through (j) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in
such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments that are
analogous to the Investments described in clauses (b) through (j) and in this paragraph. 

15 

Cash Management Agreement shall mean any agreement to provide to the
Borrower or any Subsidiary cash management services for collections, treasury management services (including controlled disbursement, overdraft, automated clearing house fund transfer services, return items and interstate depository network
services), any demand deposit, payroll, trust or operating account relationships, commercial credit cards, merchant card, purchase or debit cards, non-carde-payables
services, and other cash management services, including electronic funds transfer services, lockbox services, stop payment services and wire transfer services. 

Cash Management Bank shall mean any person that, at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement (or on the Closing
Date), is an Agent, an Arranger, a Lender or an Affiliate of any such person. 

CFC shall mean a controlled
foreign corporation within the meaning of section 957(a) of the Code. 

Change in Law shall mean (a) the
adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender
or Issuing Bank with any written request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, (x) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives under or issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, all interpretations and applications thereof and any compliance by a Lender with
any request or directive relating thereto and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated under or in connection with, all interpretations and applications of, and any compliance by a Lender with any request or directive
relating to International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States of America or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case under
clauses (x) and (y) be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued but only to the extent it is the general policy of an Issuing Bank or Lender to impose applicable increased costs or costs in
connection with capital adequacy requirements similar to those described in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 2.15 generally on other similarly situated borrowers under similar circumstances under agreements permitting such impositions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, FATCA (as defined below) shall not be considered a Change in Law. 

Change of
Control shall mean, at any time, and for any reason whatsoever, (A) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) shall become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the then outstanding
voting stock of the Borrower. 

For purposes of this definition, including other defined terms used herein in connection with this definition, (i)
beneficial ownership shall be as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof and (ii) the words
person and group shall be within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but shall exclude any employee benefit plan of such Person or group or its subsidiaries and any Person acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan. 

16 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or any provision of Section 13(d)-3 or 13(d)-5 of the Exchange Act, a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Equity Interests to be acquired by such Person or group pursuant
to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of Equity Interest in connection
with the transactions contemplated by such agreement. 

Charges shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.09. 

Citibank shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement. 

Class shall mean, (a) when used in respect of any Loan or Borrowing, whether such Loan or the Loans
comprising such Borrowing are Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, Other Term Loans established as a separate Class, Initial Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Loans established as a separate Class; and (b) when used in respect of any
Commitment, whether such Commitment is in respect of a commitment to make Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, Other Term Loans of a specified Class, Initial Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Loans of a specified Class. 

Class Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(f). 

Closing Date shall mean the first date on which the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.08). 

Closing Date Refinancing shall mean (i) to the extent not previously repaid,
the repayment in full of all indebtedness under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Existing Credit
Agreement), by and among the Borrower, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, collateral agent and swingline lender and the issuing banks and the other lenders party thereto from time to time, (ii) the termination of all
commitments in respect of the Existing Credit Agreement, (iii) the cash collateralization or backstopping of all letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement (other than Existing Letters of Credit) and (iv) the
termination or release of all guarantees and liens in respect of the Existing Credit Agreement. 

Code shall mean the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral shall mean all the Collateral as defined in any
Security Document and shall also include all other property that is subject or purported to be subject to any Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Subagent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to any Security Document;
provided, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Security Document or other Loan Document, in no case shall the Collateral include any Excluded Property. 

17 

Collateral Agent shall mean Citibank acting as collateral agent for the
Secured Parties, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity. 

Collateral Agreement shall mean
the Collateral Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L to be dated as of the Closing Date, as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, between the Borrower and the
Collateral Agent. 

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall mean the requirement that (in each case, subject to the
last three paragraphs of Section 5.10, and subject to Schedule 5.13 (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall override the applicable clauses of this definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement)): 

(a) on the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received from the Borrower a counterpart of the Collateral Agreement duly executed and
delivered on behalf of such person; 

(b) on the Closing Date, (i)(x) all outstanding Equity Interests directly owned by the Loan Parties
on the Closing Date, other than Excluded Securities, and (y) all Indebtedness owing to any Loan Party on the Closing Date, other than Excluded Securities, shall have been pledged or assigned for security purposes pursuant to the Security
Documents and (ii) the Collateral Agent shall have received certificates or other instruments (if any) representing such Equity Interests and any notes or other instruments required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Security Documents,
together with stock powers, note endorsements or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto (as applicable) endorsed in blank; 

(c) in the case of any person that becomes a Guarantor or a Successor Borrower after the Closing Date, the Agents shall have received
(i) in the case of a Guarantor, the Guarantee Agreement or a supplement to the Guarantee Agreement, as applicable, and (ii) supplements to the Collateral Agreement and any other Security Documents, if applicable, in the form specified
therefor or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, in each case, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Guarantor and, if applicable, the Borrower; 

(d) (x) all outstanding Equity Interests of any person that becomes a Guarantor or a Successor Borrower after the Closing Date and that
are held by a Loan Party and (y) all Equity Interests directly acquired by a Loan Party after the Closing Date, in each case other than Excluded Securities, in each case, shall have been pledged and delivered promptly, but in no event later
than forty-five (45) days (or such longer period as agreed by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion) pursuant to the Security Documents, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto (as
applicable) endorsed in blank; 

(e) except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or any Security Document, all documents and
instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, and filings with the United States Copyright Office and the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and all other actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (including
those required by applicable Requirements of Law) to be delivered, filed, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by the Security Documents (in each case, including any supplements thereto) and perfect such Liens to the
extent required by, and with the priority required by, the Security Documents, shall have been delivered, filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing, registration or the recording substantially concurrently with,
or promptly following, the execution and delivery of each such Security Document; 

18 

(f) evidence of insurance required by the terms of Section 5.02 hereof shall have been
received by the Collateral Agent to the extent required by Section 5.02; 

(g) after the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have
received, (i) such other Security Documents as may be required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.10 or the Security Documents, and (ii) upon reasonable request by the Collateral Agent, evidence of compliance with any other
requirements of Section 5.10; and 

(h) subject to Section 5.10(f) for any Mortgaged Property acquired after the Closing Date,
the Collateral Agent shall have received with respect to any Mortgaged Property (other than an Excluded Property), a Mortgage, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent: 

(i) evidence that (A) counterparts of such Mortgage have been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and such Mortgage
is in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Collateral Agent may deem reasonably necessary in order to create a valid and subsisting Lien on such Mortgaged Property in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) such Mortgage has been duly recorded or filed, as applicable, and (C) all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent; 

(ii) a fully paid policy of lenders title insurance (a Mortgage Policy) in an
amount reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent (not to exceed the fair market value of such Mortgaged Property (as determined by the Borrower in good faith)) issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company in the applicable
jurisdiction that is reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, insuring the relevant Mortgage as having created a valid subsisting first priority Lien on the real property described therein, subject only to Permitted Liens, together with such
endorsements as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to the extent the same are available in the applicable jurisdiction; 

(iii) if requested by the Collateral Agent, a customary legal opinion of local counsel in the jurisdiction in which such
Mortgaged Property is located covering the enforceability of such Mortgage and such other customary matters, in such form and substance as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 

(iv) a new survey or an existing survey, together with a no change affidavit, in either case sufficient for the relevant title
insurance company to remove the standard survey exception and issue the survey-related endorsements in the Mortgage Policy covering such Mortgaged Property; 

19 

(v) an appraisal (if required under the Financial Institutions Reform
Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended); and 

(vi) a Life-of-Loan flood determination (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower together with evidence of flood
insurance for any such Mortgaged Property located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect or a successor act thereto)), which shall have been delivered to all Lenders and approved by each Lender prior to the execution of the related Mortgage. 

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(a). 

Commitments shall mean (a) with respect to any Lender, such Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment, Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment, Other Revolving Facility Commitment and/or Other Term Loan Commitment, and (b) with respect to any Swingline Lender, its Swingline Commitment (it being understood that a Swingline Commitment does not
increase the applicable Swingline Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment). 

Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the
Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Consolidated
Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean on any date the ratio of (i) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, for the most recently ended
Test Period on or prior to such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, consolidated cash interest expense of
such Person and its subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Consolidated Total Debt of such Person and its subsidiaries, including amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than
par, amortization of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and any other amounts of non-cash interest expense and any capitalized interest, whether paid or accrued, net
of cash interest income of such Person and its subsidiaries, to the extent such expenses were deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt,
(a) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under hedging
agreements or other derivative instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (b) any one-time cash costs
associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (c) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and Charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (d) all
non-recurring interest expense or additional interest for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (e) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal
rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to the 

20 

Transactions or any other Investment, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (f) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any
Indebtedness, including any Indebtedness issued or incurred in connection with the Transactions, (g) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (h) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (i) any
interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push down accounting, (j) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting and
(k) expensing of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment or other financing fees. 

For purposes of this definition, interest on
a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt,
Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include any principal payments respect to any Indebtedness. 

Consolidated Net
Income shall mean, with respect to any Person on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication: 

(a) any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not the Borrower or a Subsidiary, except that the Persons equity in the net
income of any such Person for such period will be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents actually distributed as a dividend or other distribution or return on investment; 

(b) any net after tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) attributable to any asset Disposition
(including asset retirement costs) outside the ordinary course of business; 

(c) (i) any gain or GAAP Charge from (A) any
extraordinary item and/or (B) any nonrecurring or unusual item (including any non-recurring or unusual accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary,
non-recurring or unusual items) and/or (ii) any GAAP Charge associated with and/or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order; 

(d) any GAAP Charge attributable to the development, undertaking and/or implementation of any Cost Saving Initiatives (including (x) in
connection with any integration, restructuring or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility/location opening and/or
pre-opening, any inventory optimization program and/or any curtailment and/or (y) for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any Permitted Business Acquisition, Investment or Disposition), any
business optimization GAAP Charge, any restructuring GAAP Charge (including any GAAP Charge relating to any Tax restructuring and/or any acquisitions after the Closing Date and adjustments to existing reserves and whether or not classified as a
restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements), any GAAP Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility or location and/or discontinued operations (including but not limited to severance, rent termination costs,
moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation GAAP Charge, any severance GAAP Charge, any GAAP Charge relating to entry into a new market, any GAAP 

21 

Charge relating to any strategic initiative, any signing GAAP Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any other recruiting, signing and retention GAAP Charge, any expansion and/or relocation
GAAP Charge, any GAAP Charge associated with any curtailments or modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and
judgments thereof), any software development GAAP Charge, any GAAP Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation GAAP Charge, any project startup GAAP Charge, any GAAP Charge in connection with new operations, any consulting GAAP
Charge and/or any business development GAAP Charge; 

(e) Transaction Costs; 

(f) any GAAP Charge (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment or any amortization thereof for such period) incurred in
connection with the consummation of any transaction (including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed), including any issuance or offering of Equity Interests, any
Disposition, any recapitalization, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or
write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction and/or any Investment, including any Permitted Business Acquisition, and/or
growth Capital Expenditure, including, in each case any earnout obligation expense, integration expense or nonrecurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transactions (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 460); 

(g) the amount of any GAAP Charge that is actually reimbursed or reimbursable by one or more third parties pursuant to indemnification or
reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance; provided that the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost, expense or reserve within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood
that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such four fiscal quarters, such reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the next succeeding fiscal quarter); 

(h) any net gain or GAAP Charge with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation
(other than (A) at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof and (B) dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business) and/or
(ii) any location that has been closed during such period; 

(i) any net income or GAAP Charge attributable to the early
extinguishment of Indebtedness; 

(j) any GAAP Charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred, as applicable, or that is required to
be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP; 

22 

(k) (i) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed
down to the relevant Person and its subsidiaries) in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, lease, software, goodwill, intangible asset, in-process
research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of acquisition method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or similar
Investment or recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes and/or (ii) the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles (effected by way of
either a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application, in each case, in accordance with GAAP) and/or any change resulting from the adoption or modification of accounting principles and/or policies in accordance with GAAP; 

(l) any non-cash compensation GAAP Charge and/or any other
non-cash GAAP Charge arising from the granting of any stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest), the granting of any stock appreciation right, management equity plan, employee
benefit plan or agreement, stock option plan and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement); 

(m) amortization of intangible assets; 

(n) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets
(including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in debt and equity securities); 

(o) (i) any realized or unrealized gain or
loss in respect of (A) any obligation under any Hedging Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (B) any other derivative instrument pursuant to, in the case of this clause (B), Financial Accounting Standards Boards
Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging and (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency
re-measurement of Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Hedging Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the foregoing or any other currency related risk and any gain or loss resulting
from intercompany Indebtedness); and 

(p) any non-cash GAAP Charges related to adjustments to
historical Tax exposures (provided, in each case, that the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment was made). 

In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received or due from
business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not received during such period so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive the same
within the next four fiscal quarters; it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within the next four fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal
quarters). 

23 

Consolidated Total Assets shall mean, as of any date of determination,
the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding amounts attributable to Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries, as set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of the
Borrower as of the last day of the Test Period ending immediately prior to such date for which financial statements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) pursuant to Section 4.01(i), 5.04(a)
or 5.04(b), as applicable. Consolidated Total Assets shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Consolidated Total Debt
shall mean, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects
of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with any Permitted Business Acquisition), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, drawn but unreimbursed obligations under Letters of
Credit and similar facilities only to the extent such drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit and similar facilities are unreimbursed for three (3) Business Days, Capitalized Lease Obligations and debt obligations evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments minus (b) the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date which aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash
Equivalents shall be determined without giving pro forma effect to the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred on such date minus (c) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries restricted in favor of any of
the Secured Parties as of such date which aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents shall be determined without giving pro forma effect to the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred on such date; provided, Consolidated Total Debt shall not
include (w) Letters of Credit (or other letters of credit and bankers acceptances), except to the extent of Unreimbursed Amounts (or unreimbursed amounts) thereunder, (x) Swap Obligations, (y) Indebtedness in respect of any
Permitted Receivables Financing and (z) Non-Recourse Indebtedness. 

Consolidated
Working Capital shall mean, with respect to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, Current Assets at such date of determination minus Current Liabilities at such date of determination;
provided, that increases or decreases in Consolidated Working Capital shall be calculated without regard to any changes in Current Assets or Current Liabilities as a result of (a) any reclassification in accordance with GAAP of assets or
liabilities, as applicable, between current and noncurrent or (b) the effects of purchase accounting. 

Contract
Consideration shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Excess Cash Flow. 

Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and Controls and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment
No. 2. 

24 

Corresponding Tenor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.14. 

Cost Saving Initiative shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
EBITDA. 

Credit Event shall mean the funding of any Loan (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any
continuation or conversion of a Loan from one Type to another) and/or any L/C Credit Extension. 

Current Assets shall
mean, with respect to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, the sum of all assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified on a consolidated balance
sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as current assets at such date of determination, other than amounts related to current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits. 

Current Liabilities shall mean, with respect to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of
determination, all liabilities that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as current liabilities at such date of determination, other than (a) the current portion of
any Indebtedness, (b) accruals of interest expense (excluding interest expense that is due and unpaid), (c) accruals for current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits and (d) accruals, if any, of transaction costs resulting from the
Transactions. 

Daily Simple SOFR shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for
the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States of America or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Declined Prepayment Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(d). 

Declining Term Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(d). 

Default shall mean any event or condition that upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default.

Default Actions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.26. 

Defaulting Lender shall mean, subject to Section 2.24, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any
portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to
be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Swingline Lender, the Administrative Agent or
any Issuing Bank in writing that it does not intend or expect to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or generally under other agreements in which it commits to 

25 

extend credit, or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to
confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon
receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had
appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided, that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender
solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with
immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm
any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error,
and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.24) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration shall mean the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant
to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth such valuation, less the amount of cash or cash equivalents received in connection with a subsequent disposition of such Designated
Non-Cash Consideration. 

Disinterested Director shall mean, with respect to any
person and transaction, a member of the Board of Directors of such person who does not have any material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such transaction. 

Dispose or Disposed of shall mean to convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any
property, business or asset. The term Disposition shall have a correlative meaning to the foregoing. 

Disqualified Equity Interests shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity Interests of such person that, by its
terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for
Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled, mandatory payments of dividends in cash or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d), prior to the date that is ninety-one

26 

(91) days after the Latest Maturity Date in effect at the time of issuance thereof and except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof
upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Loan Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments (provided, that
only the portion of the Equity Interests that so mature or are mandatorily redeemable, are so convertible or exchangeable or are so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Equity
Interests). Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees shall not constitute Disqualified
Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability and (ii) any class
of Equity Interests of such person that by its terms authorizes such person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Equity Interests.

Disqualified Lender shall mean, collectively, those persons that are competitors (or Affiliates of such competitors
clearly identifiable as Affiliates of such competitors on the basis of such Affiliates names) of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries identified in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time; provided that the foregoing shall not
apply retroactively to disqualify any assignment to the extent such assignment was acquired by a party that was not a Disqualified Lender at the time of such assignment; provided, further, that a competitor or an Affiliate
of a competitor shall not include any bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle that is engaged in making, purchasing or holding commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and for which no personnel involved
with the relevant competitor (A) makes investment decisions or (B) has access to non-public information relating to the Borrower or any person that forms part of the Borrowers business. 

Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in
dollars, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in a Permitted Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Permitted Foreign Currency last
provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to
provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Permitted Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination
it deems appropriate in its sole discretion). 

Dollars or $ shall mean lawful money of the United
States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 

DQ List shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(h). 

27 

EBITDA shall mean, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis for any period, the sum of: 

(a) Consolidated Net Income for such period; plus

(b) without duplication, and, to the extent already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the
following amounts for such period: 

(i) total interest expense and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest
expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, and bank and letter of credit, letter of guaranty and bankers acceptance fees and costs of surety bonds in
connection with financing activities; 

(ii) Taxes paid and any provision for Taxes, including income, capital, profit,
revenue, state, foreign, provincial, franchise, excise and similar Taxes, property Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax
examination, pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or as a result of any Tax distribution and in respect of repatriated funds) of such Person paid or accrued during such period; 

(iii) (A) depreciation and (B) amortization (including amortization of goodwill, software, internal labor costs,
deferred financing fees or costs and other intangible assets); 

(iv) any non-cash
GAAP Charge, including the excess of GAAP rent expense over actual cash rent paid during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes (provided that (x) to the extent that any such
non-cash GAAP Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash GAAP
Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash GAAP Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from EBITDA (as a
deduction in calculating net income or otherwise) to such extent and (y) any non-cash GAAP Charge representing amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period shall be
excluded); 

(v) (A) any GAAP Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to, any management equity
plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme to which the relevant pension trustee has agreed), any stock subscription or
shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employee benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement), including any payment made to option holders in connection with, or as a result
of, any distribution being made 

28 

to, or share repurchase from, a shareholder, which payments are being made to compensate option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such
distribution or share repurchase and (B) any GAAP Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by management of such Person (or any parent company thereof), the Borrower and/or any subsidiary;

(vi) the amount of any GAAP Charge or deduction associated with any subsidiary that is attributable to any non-controlling interest and/or minority interest of any third party; 

(vii) the amount
of any contingent payments in connection with the licensing of intellectual property or other assets; 

(viii) [reserved];

(ix) the amount of fees, expense reimbursements and indemnities paid to directors, including directors of the Borrower;

(x) the amount of any GAAP Charge incurred or accrued in connection with sales of receivables and related assets in
connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; 

(xi) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs
representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial
application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature; 

(xii) any impairment
charge or asset write-off pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 142 or No. 144; 

(xiii) expenses incurred in connection with business interruption and event cancelation insurance; 

(xiv) any expenses or charges (other than depreciation or amortization expense) related to any equity offering, Investment,
acquisition, disposition or recapitalization permitted hereunder or the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder (including a refinancing thereof) (whether or not successful) (including such expenses or charges reimbursed or
actually paid by a Person that is not the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries or covered by indemnification or reimbursement provisions), including (A) Transaction Costs, (B) such fees, expenses or charges related to the incurrence of the
Loans and any other credit facilities or the offering of debt securities and (C) any amendment or other modification of this Agreement and any other credit facilities or the offering of debt securities; 

29 

(xv) expenses, charges and losses in the form of earn-out obligations and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as performance and retention bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price
adjustments, in each case paid or payable in connection with Permitted Business Acquisitions, other Investments, acquisitions or Capital Expenditures; 

(xvi) [reserved]; 

(xvii) the amount of any restructuring charge or provision (whether or not classified as a restructuring charge or provision
under GAAP), integration cost or other business optimization expense or cost, including any one-time costs incurred in connection with acquisitions or divestitures after the Closing Date, any recruiting
expenses and costs related to the closure and/or consolidation of facilities and to exiting lines of business and any reconstruction, recommissioning or reconfiguring of fixed assets for alternative use; 

(xviii) any other non-cash charges, write-downs, expenses, losses or items reducing
Consolidated Net Income for such period including any impairment charges or the impact of purchase accounting (provided, in connection with any such noncash charge, write-down or item required or anticipated to be made, to the extent it
represents an accrual or reserve for a cash expenditure for a future period such Person may determine not to addback such non-cash charges, write-downs, expenses, losses or items in the current period and, to
the extent such Person does decide to addback such charges, write-downs, expenses, losses or items in respect thereof in such future period such charges, write-downs, expenses, losses or items will not be added back to EBITDA to the extent of such
adjustment previously added back) or other items classified by such Person as special items less other non-cash items of income increasing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such noncash item of income to
the extent it represents a receipt of cash in any future period); 

(xix) realized foreign exchange losses resulting from
the impact of foreign currency changes on the valuation of assets or liabilities on the balance sheet of such Person and its subsidiaries; 

(xx) net realized losses from Swap Obligations or embedded derivatives that require similar accounting treatment; 

(xxi) any costs or expenses incurred relating to environmental remediation, litigation or other disputes in respect of events
and exposures; and 

(xxii) any charge, loss or expense (including non-cash charges)
relating to any Permitted Reorganization, including the amount of incremental amortization or depreciation arising as a result of any adjustments to inventory, equipment and other assets arising as a result of the consummation of, and any other
charge, loss or expense arising from other accounting effects of the consummation of, such Permitted Reorganization; plus

30 

(c) without duplication, the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense
reductions and synergies (collectively, Expected Cost Savings) related to any Permitted Business Acquisition, Investment, Disposition, operating improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative and/or any similar transaction or
initiative (any such operating improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative or similar transaction or initiative, a Cost Saving Initiative) projected by such Person in good faith and certified by a Responsible Officer of
such Person to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated, are expected to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in each case in the good faith determination of
such Person), including any cost savings, expenses and GAAP Charges (including restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, any joint venture of such Person or any of the subsidiaries (whether accounted
for on the financial statements of any such joint venture or such Person in an amount proportionate to the percentage of Equity Interests of such joint venture that are beneficially owned by the Borrower) within 24 months after such Cost Saving
Initiative (which Expected Cost Savings shall be added to EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such Expected Cost Savings had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), net of the amount of actual
benefits realized from such actions; provided that such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable; plus

(d) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, the net income of any
non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary up to the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents (x) actually distributed by such Person to a Loan Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (y) that could have been distributed
as a dividend or other distribution or return on investment by such Person to a Loan Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; plus

(e)
without duplication, adjustments identified in the Borrowers financial model prepared in connection with the Transactions and delivered to the Arrangers on or around January 4, 2024; plus

(f) without duplication, to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting
arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period so long as the non-cash gain relating to the relevant cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of EBITDA
pursuant to clause (h) below for any previous period and not added back; minus

(g) any amount which, in the determination of
Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been included for any non-cash income or non-cash gain, all as determined in accordance with GAAP (provided that if
any non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to
deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus

31 

(h) the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual, reserve or other non-cash GAAP Charge that is accounted for in a prior period and that was added to Consolidated Net Income to determine EBITDA for such
prior period and that does not otherwise reduce Consolidated Net Income for the current period; minus

(i) to the extent not
deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the excess of actual cash rent paid over rent expense during such period due to the use of straight-line rent for GAAP purposes. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to any adjustment set forth above, EBITDA shall be $71,812,679, $30,205,408, $44,743,583 and
$47,920,926 for the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023. In addition, unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, EBITDA shall refer to the
EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent;

EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Engagement Letter shall mean that certain Engagement Letter dated as of January 8, 2024 by and among the Borrower,
Morgan Stanley and Citibank (as such Engagement Letter may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified). 

Environment shall mean any and all environmental media and natural resources, including ambient and indoor air, surface
water and groundwater (including potable water, navigable water and wetlands), the land surface or subsurface strata, and flora and fauna. 

Environmental Laws shall mean all applicable laws (including common law), rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders,
agreements binding on Borrower or its Subsidiaries, decrees or judgments, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the Environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, any Hazardous
Materials or to public or employee health and safety matters (to the extent relating to the Environment or Hazardous Materials). 

Environmental Permits shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.16(b). 

Equity Interests of any person shall mean any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase or otherwise acquire, warrants,
options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity or ownership of such person, including any preferred stock (including any preferred equity certificates (and any other similar instruments)), any limited or
general partnership interest and any limited liability company membership interest, and any securities or other rights or interests convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable
into any of the foregoing. 

32 

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended. 

ERISA Affiliate shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the
Borrower or a Subsidiary, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event shall mean (a) any Reportable Event or the requirements of
Section 4043(b) of ERISA apply with respect to a Plan; (b) with respect to any Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) a
determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code); (d) the filing pursuant to
Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (e) the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of
the Code with respect to any Plan or the failure to make by its due date any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with
respect to the termination of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint
a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA; (h) the incurrence by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer
Plan; (i) the receipt by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal
Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of
Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (j) a failure by the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to withdrawal
liability under Section 4201 of ERISA; (k) the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan; or (l) the withdrawal of any of the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a
withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA. 

Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.16. 

Erroneous Payment Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.16. 

Escrow has the meaning specified in the definition of Indebtedness. 

33 

Escrowed Proceeds means the proceeds from the offering of any debt
securities or other Indebtedness paid into an escrow account with an independent escrow agent on the date of the applicable offering or incurrence pursuant to escrow arrangements that permit the release of amounts on deposit in such escrow account
upon satisfaction of certain conditions or the occurrence of certain events. The term Escrowed Proceeds shall include any interest earned on the amounts held in escrow. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Euro or shall mean the single currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty on
European Union and adopted as lawful currency by certain member states under legislation of the European Union for European Monetary Union. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 

Excess Cash Flow shall mean, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, any amount (if positive) equal to: 

(a) Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period; plus

(b) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges to the extent deducted in arriving at such
Consolidated Net Income (provided, in each case, that if any non-cash charge represents an accrual or reserve for cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future
period shall be subtracted from Excess Cash Flow for such Excess Cash Flow Period in such future period); plus

(c) the decreases,
if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such decrease in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary designation, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets or current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of acquisition
method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting and/or (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Hedging Agreement; plus

(d) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and the
Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; minus

(e) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash gains for such Excess Cash Flow Period included in
arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (including any amounts included in Consolidated Net Income pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of Consolidated Net Income to the extent such amounts are due but not received during
such period; provided that such amounts are added to Excess Cash Flow in the period received) and cash charges included in clauses (a) through (p) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income to the extent financed with
internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries; minus

34 

(f) without duplication of the deductions set forth in Section 2.11(c), the amount of
Capital Expenditures made in cash during such period by (or committed during such period to be used for such purposes within the succeeding twelve-month period, subject to reversal of such deduction if any such committed amount is not actually
expended within such twelve-month period) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, except to the extent that such Capital Expenditures or acquisitions were financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries (other than under
any revolving indebtedness); minus

(g) without duplication of the deductions set forth in Section 2.11(c), the aggregate
amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries (including (A) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations, (B) the amount of any scheduled repayment of Term Loans,
any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans from any Asset Sale and other prepayments of Term Loans and (C) prepayments of Revolving Facility Loans to the extent such prepayments of Revolving Facility Loans are accompanied by a permanent and
concurrent commitment reduction thereunder); provided, that deductions for voluntary prepayments pursuant this clause (g) shall not apply to the extent such voluntary prepayment is financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness
(other than under any revolving indebtedness); provided, further, that to the extent the amount of prepayments exceeds the amount of prepayments required to be made from Excess Cash Flow for such year, when taken together with other
payments required for such year, then such excess amounts may be applied to the next subsequent fiscal year at the option of the Borrower; minus

(h) without duplication of the deductions set forth in Section 2.11(c), the aggregate amount of cash consideration paid by the Borrower
and the Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) in connection with Investments (including acquisitions) made during such period (or committed during such period to be used for such purposes within the succeeding twelve-month period, subject to
reversal of such deduction if any such committed amount is not actually expended within such twelve-month period) pursuant to Section 6.04 to the extent that such Investments were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and
the Subsidiaries; minus

(i) the amount of Restricted Payments during such period (on a consolidated basis) by the Borrower and the
Subsidiaries (or committed during such period to be used for such purposes within the succeeding twelve-month period, subject to reversal of such deduction if any such committed amount is not actually expended within such twelve-month period) made
in compliance with Section 6.03 to the extent such Restricted Payments were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; minus

(j) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods or deducted pursuant to Section 2.11(c), the aggregate
consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the Contract Consideration) entered into prior to or during such period relating to Permitted Business
Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures or other Investments to be consummated or made during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower following the end of such period, 

35 

provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of internally generated cash actually utilized to finance such Permitted Business Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures or other Investments
during such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters;
minus

(k) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the
Borrower and the Subsidiaries during such Excess Cash Flow Period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; minus

(l) increases in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period but excluding any such
increase in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary designation, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current
assets to long term assets or current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of acquisition method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting and (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and
contingent obligations under any Hedging Agreement; minus

(m) cash payments by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries during such
Excess Cash Flow Period in respect of purchase price holdbacks, earn out obligations or long-term liabilities of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness to the extent such payments are not expensed during such Excess Cash Flow
Period or are not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income to the extent financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries; minus

(n) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and any Subsidiary in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period
(including expenditures for the payment of financing fees and cash restructuring charges) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such Excess Cash Flow Period or are not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, to
the extent that such expenditure was financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries; minus

(o)
the amount of Taxes (including penalties and interest) paid in cash and/or Tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent they exceed the amount of Tax expense deducted in arriving at such
Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period; minus

(p) amounts excluded under clause (g) of the definition of
Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period, to the extent the relevant indemnification, reimbursement or insurance proceeds have not yet been received; minus

(q) cash expenditures in respect of Hedging Agreements during such Excess Cash Flow Period to the extent not deducted in arriving at such
Consolidated Net Income. 

36 

For purposes of this definition of Excess Cash Flow, (i) deducted in
arriving at such Consolidated Net Income shall mean deducted in calculating the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and not thereafter excluded pursuant to the definition of Consolidated Net Income, (ii) included in
arriving at such Consolidated Net Income shall mean included in calculating the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and not thereafter excluded pursuant to the definition of Consolidated Net Income and (iii) amounts
shall be deducted from, or added to, Consolidated Net Income without duplication. 

Excess Cash Flow Period shall mean
each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2025. 

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Affiliates shall mean Affiliates of
the Lenders that are engaged as principals primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital or any of such Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, advisors and other representatives
(other than, in each case, such Persons directly engaged by the Borrower or its Affiliates as part of the Transactions and a limited number of senior employees who are required, in accordance with industry regulations or such Lenders (or its
Affiliates) internal policies and procedures, to act in a supervisory capacity and such Lenders internal legal, compliance, risk management, credit or investment committee members). 

Excluded Incremental Facility means any Incremental Facility (a) that has a stated final maturity date at the time of
incurrence thereof that is more than twelve (12) months after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence thereof or (b) is incurred in connection with a permitted Investment (including any subsequent refinancing of Indebtedness
acquired, assumed or incurred in connection with a permitted Investment). 

Excluded Indebtedness shall mean all
Indebtedness not incurred in violation of Section 6.01. 

Excluded Property shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 5.10. 

Excluded Securities shall mean any of the following: 

(a) any Equity Interests or Indebtedness with respect to which the Collateral Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost or other
consequences of pledging such Equity Interests or Indebtedness in favor of the Secured Parties under the Security Documents (including Tax consequences) are likely to be excessive in relation to the value to be afforded thereby; 

(b) any Equity Interests or Indebtedness to the extent, and for so long as, the pledge thereof would be prohibited by any Requirement of Law
(other than to the extent such prohibition is rendered ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code or any other Requirement of Law notwithstanding such prohibition); 

(c) any Equity Interests of any person that is not the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to the extent (A) that a pledge thereof to
secure the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) is prohibited by (i) any applicable organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or similar agreement or (ii) any other contractual

37 

obligation with an unaffiliated third party not in violation of Section 6.08 that was existing on the Closing Date or at the time of the acquisition of such subsidiary and was not created in
contemplation of such acquisition, but, in the case of this subclause (A), only to the extent, and for so long as, such prohibition is not terminated or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective by the Uniform Commercial Code or any
other Requirement of Law, (B) any organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or similar agreement (or other contractual obligation referred to in subclause (A)(ii) above) prohibits such a pledge without the consent
of any other party; provided, that this clause (B) shall not apply if (1) such other party is a Loan Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (2) consent has been obtained to consummate such pledge (it being understood that the
foregoing shall not be deemed to obligate the Borrower or any Subsidiary to obtain any such consent) and for so long as such organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or similar agreement (or other contractual
obligation referred to in subclause (A)(ii) above) or replacement or renewal thereof is in effect or (3) such prohibition is terminated or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective by the Uniform Commercial Code or any other
Requirement of Law, or (C) a pledge thereof to secure the Secured Obligations would give any other party (other than a Loan Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) to any organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or
similar agreement governing such Equity Interests the right to terminate its obligations thereunder, but only to the extent, and for so long as, such right of termination is not terminated or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective by
the Uniform Commercial Code or any other Requirement of Law; 

(d) any Equity Interests of any Immaterial Subsidiary (except to the extent
perfected by filing of a UCC financing statement), Insurance Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(e) any Margin Stock; 

(f) (i) voting Equity Interests (and any other interests constituting voting stock within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in excess of 65% of all such voting Equity Interests in any CFC or FSHCO directly owned by the Borrower or a Guarantor; and 

(g) voting Equity Interests (and any other interests constituting voting stock within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) constituting more than (i) 65% of the voting Equity Interests and (ii) 100% of non-voting Equity Interests, in each case of any entity that is
treated as a disregarded entity and is a FSHCO. 

Excluded Subsidiary shall mean any of the following: 

(a) each Immaterial Subsidiary, 

(b) each Domestic Subsidiary that is a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (for so long as such Subsidiary
remains a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary), 

38 

(c) each Domestic Subsidiary that is prohibited from Guaranteeing or granting Liens to
secure the Obligations by any Requirement of Law or that would require consent, approval, license or authorization of a Governmental Authority or other third party (other than the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) to Guarantee or grant Liens to
secure the Obligations (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, it being understood that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have no obligation to obtain any such consent, approval, license or authorization),

(d) each Domestic Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Business Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder that, at the
time of such Permitted Business Acquisition or other Investment, has assumed Indebtedness not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Business Acquisition or other Investment and each subsidiary that is a subsidiary thereof that guarantees such
Indebtedness, in each case, to the extent such Indebtedness prohibits such Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor, 

(e) any Foreign
Subsidiary (including for the avoidance of doubt any CFC), 

(f) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary that
is either a CFC or a FSHCO, 

(g) any Subsidiary that is a FSHCO, 

(h) any other Domestic Subsidiary with respect to which the Collateral Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost or other
consequences (including Tax consequences) of providing a Guarantee to secure the Obligations are likely to be excessive in relation to the value to be afforded thereby, 

(i) each Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(j) each Insurance Subsidiary, 

(k) each special purpose entity, 

(l) each not-for-profit subsidiary, 

(m) each receivables subsidiary, and 

(n) each Subsidiary listed on Schedule 1.01A hereto. 

Excluded Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or
a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of (a) such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in
the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to Section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), because such
Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in Section 2(h)(7)(C)(i) of the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), in each case at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest
becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, unless otherwise agreed between the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the
portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

39 

Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any
Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any such recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any such recipient: (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by its net income (however denominated), franchise and similar Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case imposed by a jurisdiction
(including any political subdivision thereof) as a result of such recipient being organized in, having its principal office in, being engaged in a trade or business in, or in the case of any Lender, having its applicable Lending Office in, such
jurisdiction, or as a result of any other present or former connection with such jurisdiction (other than any such connection arising solely from any Loan Document or any transactions pursuant to any Loan Document), (ii) any branch profits Taxes or
similar Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located or carries on a trade or business, (iii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with
respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or a Commitment pursuant to laws in force at the time such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or, to the extent a Lender acquires an interest in a Loan not funded pursuant to a prior
Commitment, acquires such interest in such Loan (other than to the extent such Lender is an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b) or 2.19(c)) or designates a new Lending Office, except in each case to the extent
that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts or indemnification payments from any Loan Party with respect to such withholding Tax
pursuant to Section 2.17, (iv) any Tax attributable to the Administrative Agents, any Lenders, any Issuing Banks or any other recipients failure to comply with Section 2.17(d) or Section 2.17(f) and
(v) any Tax imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Class Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 9.08(f). 

Existing Letters of Credit shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.05(a)(i). 

Expected Cost Savings shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the
term EBITDA. 

Extended Revolving Facility Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Extended Revolving Loan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a).

Extended Term Loan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Extending Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

40 

Extension shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Extension Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.22(b). 

Facility shall mean the respective facility and commitments utilized in making Loans and credit extensions hereunder, it
being understood that, as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date there are two Facilities (i.e., the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Facility and the Revolving Facility) and thereafter, the term Facility may include any other
Class of Commitments and the extensions of credit thereunder or, without duplication, Term Loans. 

Fair Market
Value shall mean, with respect to any asset or property, the price that could be negotiated in an arms-length transaction between a willing seller and a willing buyer, neither of whom is under undue pressure or compulsion to complete
the transaction (as determined in good faith by the management of the Borrower), including, at the option of the Borrower, reliance on the most recent real property Tax bill or assessment in the case of Real Property. 

FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or official administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, or any legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight
Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal
Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal
Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that
if the Federal Funds Rate on any day would otherwise be less than 0%, then the Federal Funds Rate on such day shall be deemed to be 0%. 

Fees shall mean the Commitment Fees, the L/C Participation Fees, the Issuing Bank Fees and the Administrative Agent Fees.

Financial Covenant shall mean the covenant of the Borrower set forth in Section 6.10. 

Financial Officer of any person shall mean the Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer, Treasurer, Assistant
Treasurer, Controller or other executive responsible for the financial affairs of such person. 

First Lien Net Leverage
Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Total Debt that is secured by a Lien on any assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than if secured by Junior Liens) to (ii) EBITDA
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended Test Period on or prior to such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall be determined on a
Pro Forma Basis. 

41 

Fixed Amounts shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.09. 

Fixed Incremental Amount shall mean, at any time, the sum of: 

(a) the greater of $195,000,000 and 100% of EBITDA calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, for the most recently ended Test Period of the Borrower,
plus

(b) the amount of any optional prepayment of any Term Loan in accordance with Section 2.11(a), all voluntary prepayments
of Revolving Facility Loans accompanied by corresponding voluntary permanent reductions of Revolving Facility Commitments, any Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt, and any Other First Lien Debt, so long as, in the case of any such
optional prepayment or assignment, the relevant prepayment or assignment and/or purchase was not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness other than Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility, plus

(c) the aggregate principal amount of any Term Loan reduction resulting from any assignment of such Term Loan to (and/or purchase of such Term
Loan by) the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary (limited, in the case of purchases made at a discount to par value, to the actual purchase price of such Term Loan paid in cash), limited, in the case of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent
Debt, to Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in reliance upon the Fixed Incremental Amount, so long as, in the case of any such optional prepayment or assignment, the relevant prepayment or assignment and/or purchase was
not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness other than Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility; minus

(d)
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on the Fixed Incremental Amount. 

Flood Insurance Laws shall mean, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, (ii) the Flood Disaster
Protection Act of 1973, (iii) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 and (v) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, each as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
statute thereto, and in each case, together with all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing, implementing or interpreting any of the foregoing, as amended or modified from time to time. 

Foreign Lender shall mean a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

42 

Fronting Exposure shall mean, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender,
(a) with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Facility Percentage of Revolving L/C Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank other than such Revolving L/C Exposure as to which such
Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Swingline Exposure
other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 

FSHCO shall mean any Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which (directly or through one or more disregarded
entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes) consist of Indebtedness and/or Equity Interests (including, for this purpose, any debt or other instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries
that are CFCs. 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United
States of America, applied on a consistent basis, subject to the provisions of Section 1.02. 

GAAP Charge shall
mean any fee (including third party consultant fees and other similar fees), loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (in each case, if applicable, as defined under GAAP). 

Governmental Authority shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign court or governmental agency, authority,
instrumentality or regulatory or legislative body. 

Guarantee of or by any person (the guarantor)
shall mean (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other
obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the holders of such
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof or to protect such holders against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of the guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other obligation (or any
existing right, contingent or otherwise, of the holder of Indebtedness or other obligation to be secured by such a Lien) of any other person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by the guarantor (other than Liens on
Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries); provided, however, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in
the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or Disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement (other than such obligations with
respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to 

43 

be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the Indebtedness or other obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such person in good faith. The amount of the Indebtedness or other obligation subject to any Guarantee provided by any person for purposes of clause (b) above shall (unless
the applicable Indebtedness has been assumed by such person or is otherwise recourse to such person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness or other obligation and (B) the Fair Market
Value of the property encumbered thereby. Guaranteed and Guaranteeing shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

Guarantee Agreement shall mean the Guarantee Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit M if and when entered
into after the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, among the Borrower, each Guarantor and the Revolving Facility Administrative Agent
and Term Facility Administrative Agent. 

guarantor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
the term Guarantee. 

Guarantors shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a Loan Party
pursuant to Section 5.10(c), whether existing on the Closing Date or established, created or acquired after the Closing Date, unless and until such time as the respective Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement
in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof; provided that no Excluded Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor. 

Hazardous Materials shall mean all pollutants, contaminants, wastes, chemicals, materials, substances and constituents,
including explosive or radioactive substances or petroleum by products or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas or pesticides, fungicides, fertilizers or other agricultural chemicals,
of any nature subject to regulation or which can give rise to liability under any Environmental Law. 

Hedge Bank shall
mean any person that is (or any Affiliate of any person that is) an Agent, an Arranger or a Lender on the Closing Date (or any person that becomes an Agent, Arranger or Lender or Affiliate thereof after the Closing Date) and that enters into or has
entered into a Hedging Agreement with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Hedging Agreement. 

Hedge Termination Value shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into account the effect
of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Agreement, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination
value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark to market value(s) for such Hedging Agreement, as determined by the Hedge Bank (or the Borrower, if no Hedge Bank is party to such
Hedging Agreement) in accordance with the terms thereof and in accordance with customary methods for calculating mark-to-market values under similar arrangements by the
Hedge Bank (or the Borrower, if no Hedge Bank is party to such Hedging Agreement). 

44 

Hedging Agreement shall mean any agreement with respect to any swap,
forward, future or derivative transaction, or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or
measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value, or credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reserve repurchase transaction, securities lending transaction, weather index transaction, spot contracts, fixed price physical delivery
contracts, or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions, in each case of the foregoing, whether or not exchange traded; provided that Hedging Agreement shall not include (i) convertible Indebtedness or
any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction, (ii) any accelerated share repurchase contract, share call option or similar contract with respect to the Borrowers Equity Interests entered into to consummate a repurchase of such
Equity Interests, (iii) any forward sale contract with respect to the Borrowers Equity Interests or (iv) put and call options and forward arrangements entered into in connection with joint ventures and other business investments,
acquisitions and dispositions permitted under this Agreement. 

Honor Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 2.05(c)(i). 

Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that did not, as of the last day of the
fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently ended for which financial statements (or pro forma financial statements, as applicable) have been (or were required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(i), 5.04(a) or
5.04(b), have (x) assets with a value equal to or in excess of 2.5% of Consolidated Total Assets or (y) operating revenue which is equal to or greater than 2.5% of the consolidated operating revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on
such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time all Immaterial Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) have total assets at such time exceeding 5.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on such date or
(ii) have operating revenue which is greater than 5.0% of the consolidated operating revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date, then the Borrower shall designate which of such Subsidiaries shall no longer constitute
Immaterial Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement to the extent necessary to cause such excess to be eliminated; provided, that if no such designation is made by the Borrower, then one or more of such Immaterial Subsidiaries
shall be deemed not to be Immaterial Subsidiaries in descending order based on the amounts of their Consolidated Total Assets or operating revenue, as applicable, until such excess shall have been eliminated. 

Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any
accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness or in the form of common stock of the Borrower, the accretion of original issue
discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies. 

Incremental Amount shall mean, at any time, the sum of: 

(a) the Fixed Incremental Amount; plus

45 

(b) an unlimited amount (such amount, the Ratio Incremental Amount) so
long as, immediately after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt: 

(i) in the
case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking pari passu with the Liens securing the Loan Obligations (without regard to control of remedies), on a Pro Forma Basis after giving
effect to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of the proceeds thereof, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed (x) 3.00:1.00 or (y) solely in the case of any such Incremental Facility or Incremental
Equivalent Debt being incurred to finance a Permitted Business Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(ii) in the case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking junior
to the Liens securing the Loan Obligations, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of the proceeds thereof, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed (x) 3.00:1.00 or
(y) solely in the case of any such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt being incurred to finance a Permitted Business Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day
of the most recently ended Test Period; or 

(iii) in the case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt
that is unsecured, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of the proceeds thereof, either (A) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to either (x)
2.00:1.00 or (y) solely in the case of any such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt being incurred to finance a Permitted Business Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder, the Consolidated Interest Coverage
Ratio as of the most recently ended Test Period, or (B) the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (x) 5.00:1.00 or (y) solely in the case of any such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt being incurred to finance a
Permitted Business Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recently ended Test Period; 

provided that (x) the Borrower may elect to use the Ratio Incremental Amount (to the extent compliant therewith) prior to the Fixed Incremental
Amount regardless of whether there is capacity under the Fixed Incremental Amount, and if the Fixed Incremental Amount, on the one hand, and the Ratio Incremental Amount, on the other hand, are available and the Borrower does not make an election,
the Borrower will be deemed to have elected the Ratio Incremental Amount (to the extent compliant therewith), with the balance being incurred under clauses (b) and (c) of the Fixed Incremental Amount and, thereafter, under clause (a) of
the Fixed Incremental Amount and (y) the Borrower may elect to use capacity under the Fixed Incremental Amount on the same date that the Borrower uses capacity under the Ratio Incremental Amount, by first calculating the capacity under clause
(i), (ii) or (iii) of the Ratio Incremental Amount, as applicable, without regard to the 

46 

any use of capacity under the Fixed Incremental Amount; provided, further, that all or any
portion of any such Indebtedness originally designated as incurred pursuant to the Fixed Incremental Amount shall be automatically redesignated as incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Amount at such time as the Borrower would be permitted to
incur such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt under the Ratio Incremental Amount (for purposes of clarity, with any such redesignation having the effect of increasing the Borrowers ability to incur indebtedness under the Fixed
Incremental Amount as of the date of such redesignation by the amount of such Indebtedness so redesignated). For purposes of any determination under this definition, the calculation of compliance with the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured
Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (and the relevant components thereof, including Consolidated Total Debt, EBITDA, Consolidated Net Income and
Consolidated Interest Expense) for purposes of incurring any Indebtedness hereunder, (x) in the case of an incurrence of Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, such calculation shall be made assuming that such then incurred
Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments are fully drawn and (y) with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness in a currency other than Dollars, the equivalent amount in Dollars of Indebtedness in any currency other than Dollars shall be
calculated based on the arithmetic mean of the average monthly spot exchange rates quoted by the Bloomberg Foreign Exchange Rates & World Currencies Page (or any successor page thereto, or in the event such rate does not appear on any
Bloomberg Page, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) for each month within the most recently ended Test Period. 

Incremental Assumption Agreement shall mean an Incremental Assumption Agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, one or more Incremental Term Lenders and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Lenders. 

Incremental Commitment shall mean an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or an Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment. 

Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(q)(i). 

Incremental Facility shall mean the Incremental Commitments and the Incremental Loans made thereunder. 

Incremental Loan shall mean an Incremental Term Loan or an Incremental Revolving Loan. 

Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment shall mean the commitment of any Lender, established pursuant to
Section 2.21, to make Revolving Facility Loans to the Borrower and to acquire risk participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans as provided herein. 

Incremental Revolving Facility Lender shall mean a Lender with an Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment or an
outstanding Incremental Revolving Loan. 

47 

Incremental Revolving Loan shall mean Revolving Facility Loans made by
one or more Revolving Facility Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to an Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment. 

Incremental
Term Lender shall mean a Lender with an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Incremental Term Loan. 

Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall mean the commitment of any Lender, established pursuant to Section 2.21, to
make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower. 

Incremental Term Loans shall mean, to the extent permitted by
Section 2.21 and provided for in the relevant Incremental Assumption Agreement, additional Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans or Other Incremental Term Loans. 

Incurrence-Based Amounts shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.09. 

Indebtedness of any person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money,
(b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments (except any such obligation issued in the ordinary course of business with a maturity date of no more than six months in a transaction intended to
extend payment terms of trade payables or similar obligations to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business), (c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property or
assets purchased by such person (except any such obligation that constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as the deferred
purchase price of property or services (except any such balance that (i) constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earnout obligations until such obligation
becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such person in accordance with GAAP, (iii) any such obligations incurred under ERISA and (iv) liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business) which purchase price is due more than six
months after the date of placing the property in service or taking delivery and title thereto, (e) all Guarantees by such person of Indebtedness of others described in clauses (a) through (d) above, (f) all Capitalized Lease
Obligations of such person, (g) the net obligations of any person under any Hedging Agreements, to the extent the foregoing would appear on a balance sheet of such person as a liability in accordance with GAAP, (h) the principal component
of all unreimbursed obligations of such person as an account party in respect of drawn letters of credit, (i) the principal component of all unreimbursed obligations of such person in respect of drawn bankers acceptances, (j) the
amount of all obligations of such person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other repurchase of any Disqualified Equity Interests (excluding accrued dividends that have not increased the liquidation preference of such Disqualified Equity
Interests) and (k) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such person (other than Liens on
Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries), whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed. 

48 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and where applicable,
Indebtedness will not include: 

(i) all intercompany Indebtedness and any obligations arising from intercompany
transfer pricing arrangements having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business; 

(ii) the amount of any net obligation under any Hedging Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be the Hedge Termination Value
thereof as of such date; 

(iii) contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(iv) in connection with any Permitted Business Acquisition or other Investment, any post-closing payment adjustments to which
the seller may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of the Person or assets acquired after the closing; provided, however, that to the
extent such payment becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within ninety (90) days thereafter; 

(v) deferred
compensation payable to directors, officers, employees or consultants and any obligations in respect of workers compensation claims, early retirement obligations, pension fund obligations or contributions or social security or wage Taxes; 

(vi) any Indebtedness that has been defeased in accordance with GAAP or defeased pursuant to the deposit of cash or Cash
Equivalents (in any amount sufficient to satisfy all such Indebtedness obligations at maturity or redemption, as applicable, and all payments of interest and premium, if any) in a trust or account created or pledged for the sole benefit of the
holders of such Indebtedness, and subject to no other Liens, and the other applicable terms of the instrument governing such Indebtedness; 

(vii) current and long term deferred income, current and deferred income taxes payable, capitalized payments in lieu of
property taxes in accordance with GAAP, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii) deferred or
prepaid revenues; 

(ix) prepayments or deposits received from clients or customers in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) obligations in respect of letters of credit and bank guarantees provided by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business, to the extent such letters of credit or bank guarantees are not drawn upon or, if and to the extent drawn upon, are reimbursed no later than the tenth (10th) Business Day following receipt by such Person of a demand for
reimbursement following such drawing; 

49 

(xi) obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or guarantees
given in respect of such obligations) incurred prior to the Closing Date or in the ordinary course of business; 

(xii)
obligations in respect of performance, completion, surety, Tax, appeal, judgment, advance payment, customs, guarantees or similar instruments provided by the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(xiii) Escrowed Proceeds and other obligations which would otherwise constitute Indebtedness but which have been cash
collateralized and obligations incurred in advance of, and the proceeds of which are to be applied in connection with, the consummation of a transaction solely to the extent that the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an escrow, trust,
collateral or similar account or arrangement (collectively, an Escrow) and are not otherwise made available for any other purpose and are used for such purpose (it being understood that in any event, any such proceeds held in such
Escrow shall be not deemed to be unrestricted cash), and 

(xiv) any Increased Amount. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any person for purposes of clause (k) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such person
or is otherwise recourse to such person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to,
the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a
result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness and any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness for purposes of this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed an
incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Agreement. 

Indemnified Taxes shall mean all Taxes imposed on or with
respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document other than (a) Excluded Taxes and (b) Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b). 

Information shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.14(a). 

Initial Revolving Loan shall mean a Revolving Facility Loan made (i) pursuant to the Revolving Facility Commitments in
effect on the Closing Date (as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement) or (ii) pursuant to any Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment on the same terms as (and forming a single Class with) the
Revolving Facility Commitments referred to in clause (i) of this definition. 

50 

Initial Term Loan Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term
hereunder immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 

Initial Term Loans shall have the meaning
assigned to such term hereunder immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 

Insurance Subsidiary
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(x). 

Intellectual Property shall mean the following
intellectual property rights, including both statutory and common law rights, if applicable: (a) copyrights, registrations and applications for registration thereof, (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names, slogans, domain names, logos,
trade dress and registrations and applications of registrations thereof, (c) patents, as well as any reissued and reexamined patents and any patent applications, as well as any related continuation, continuation in part and divisional
applications and patents issuing therefrom and (d) trade secrets and confidential information, including designs, concepts, compilations of information, methods, techniques, procedures, processes and other knowhow, whether or not patentable.

Intercreditor Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.11. 

Interest Election Request shall mean a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.07 and substantially in the form of Exhibit E or another form (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent) approved by the Administrative
Agent. 

Interest Payment Date shall mean, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period
applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months
after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any ABR Loan or Swingline Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the applicable Facility
under which such Loan was made. 

Interest Period shall mean, as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the
date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request or such other period
that is requested by the Borrower and consented to by the Administrative Agent and all applicable Lenders; provided that: 

(a) any
Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

(b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the
last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest
Period; 

51 

(c) no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond the Maturity Date of the Facility
under which such Loan was made; and 

(d) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(d) shall be
available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. 

Investment shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 6.04. 

IRS shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

ISDA CDS Definitions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.26. 

ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

ISP shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the
International Chamber of Commerce, publication number 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

Issuer Documents shall mean with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Request, and any other document,
agreement and instrument entered into by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit. 

Issuing Bank shall mean (i) each person listed as having a Letter of Credit Commitment on Schedule 2.01
and (ii) each other Issuing Bank designated pursuant to Section 2.05(k), in each case in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity. An Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one
or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

Issuing Bank Fees shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(b). 

Junior Liens shall mean Liens on the Collateral that are junior to the Liens thereon securing the Loan Obligations. 

Latest Maturity Date shall mean, at any date of determination, the latest Maturity Date then in effect on such date of
determination. 

L/C Advance shall mean, with respect to each Revolving Facility Lender, such Lenders funding of
its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Revolving Facility Percentage. 

L/C Borrowing shall mean
an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Facility Borrowing. 

L/C Credit Extension shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date
thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 

52 

L/C Obligations shall mean, as at any date of determination, the
aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of
Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.07 (and, in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in a Permitted Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof at such time). 

L/C Participation Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(b). 

LCA Election shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10. 

LCA Test Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10. 

Lender shall mean each financial institution listed on Schedule 2.01 (other than any such person that has
ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance in accordance with Section 9.04), each Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender, as well as any person that becomes a Lender hereunder pursuant to
Section 9.04, Section 2.21, Section 2.22 or Section 2.23. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the term Lenders shall include any Swingline Lender. 

Lending Office shall mean, as to any Lender, the applicable branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender designated by such
Lender to make Loans. 

Letter of Credit shall mean any letter of credit issued hereunder, providing for the payment of
cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. 

Letter of Credit
Commitment shall mean, as to any Issuing Bank, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Issuing Banks name or, in the case of an Issuing Bank that becomes an Issuing Bank after the Closing Date, the amount
notified in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower and such Issuing Bank; provided that the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank may be increased or decreased if agreed in writing between the Borrower and such Issuing
Bank (each acting in its sole discretion) and notified in writing to the Administrative Agent by such persons. 

Letter of Credit
Facility Expiration Date shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Facility, the fifth Business Day prior to the Revolving Facility Maturity Date for such Revolving Facility. 

Letter of Credit Request shall mean a request by the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit D-3 or such other form (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) as shall be approved by the applicable Issuing Bank.

Letter of Credit Sublimit shall mean $20,000,000, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.08. The
Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility. 

53 

Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment,
encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property,
and any capital lease that would constitute a Capitalized Lease Obligation having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall an operating lease be
deemed to constitute a Lien. 

Limited Condition Transaction shall mean (i) any Permitted Business Acquisition or
other Investment, including by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation, by the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries, the consummation of which is not conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing or in
connection with which any fee or expense would be payable by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to the seller or target in the event financing to consummate the acquisition is not obtained as contemplated by the definitive acquisition agreement,
(ii) any Restricted Payment subject to an irrevocable declaration by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is payable within 60 days of the date of declaration, the consummation of which is not conditioned upon the
availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing and/or (iii) any repayment or redemption of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the consummation of which is not conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining,
third party financing. 

Loan Documents shall mean (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Guarantee Agreement,
(iii) the Security Documents, (iv) each Incremental Assumption Agreement, (v) each Extension Amendment, (vi) each Refinancing Amendment (including Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2), (vii) any Intercreditor Agreement
and (viii) any Note issued under Section 2.09(e). 

Loan Obligations shall mean (a) the due and punctual
payment by the Borrower of (i) the unpaid principal of and interest, fees and expenses (including interest, fees and expenses accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding,
regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding) on the Loans made to the Borrower under this Agreement, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise,
(ii) each payment required to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements, interest, fees and expenses thereon (including
interest, fees and expenses accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding) and obligations to provide Cash
Collateral and (iii) all other monetary obligations of the Borrower owed under or pursuant to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, including obligations to pay fees, expense reimbursement obligations and indemnification obligations,
whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or
allowable in such case or proceeding), and (b) the due and punctual payment of all monetary obligations of each other Loan Party under or pursuant to each of the Loan Documents (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding). 

54 

Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Guarantors. 

Loans shall mean the Term Loans, the Revolving Facility Loans and the Swingline Loans. 

Local Time shall mean New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

Majority Lenders of any Facility shall mean, at any time, Lenders under such Facility having Term Loans and Revolving
Facility Commitments (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments have terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposure) representing more than 50% of the sum of all Term Loans and Revolving Facility Commitments (or, if the Revolving Facility
Commitments have terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposure) under such Facility at such time (subject to the last paragraph of Section 9.08(b)). 

Margin Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or results of
operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Facilities or (c) the material rights and material
remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (taken as a whole) under the applicable Loan Documents. 

Material
Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement) of any one or more of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount exceeding the greater of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 12.5% of
EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 

Maturity Date shall mean (i) with respect to any Revolving
Facility, the Revolving Facility Maturity Date thereof, and (ii) with respect to any Term Facility, the Term Facility Maturity Date thereof. 

Maximum Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.09. 

MFN Provision shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b)(v). 

Minimum L/C Collateral Amount shall mean, at any time, in connection with any Letter of Credit, (i) with respect to
Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 102% of the Revolving L/C Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit at such time and (ii) otherwise, an amount sufficient to provide credit support with
respect to such Revolving L/C Exposure as determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank in their sole discretion. 

Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Morgan Stanley shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

55 

Mortgage shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or
other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, on any Mortgaged Property constituting Collateral. 

Mortgage Policy has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement. 

Mortgaged Property shall mean any owned real property that has a fair market value (as determined
by the Borrower in good faith) in excess of $2,000,000 (a) as of the Closing Date, with respect to any real property owned by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date or (b) as of the date of acquisition thereof, with respect to any real property
acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date; provided, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Security Document or other Loan Document, in no case shall the Mortgaged Property include any Excluded Property. 

Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or
any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions. 

Net Proceeds shall mean: 

(a) 100% of the cash proceeds actually received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including any cash payments received by way of deferred
payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received) from any Asset Sale under Sections 6.05(d), 6.05(g), 6.05(m) or 6.05(n) or from any Recovery
Event, net of (i) attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer Taxes, deed or mortgage recording Taxes, other customary
expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith, (ii) required payments of Indebtedness and required payments of other obligations relating to the applicable asset (other than pursuant to
the Loan Documents), (iii) repayments of Other First Lien Debt (limited to its proportionate share of such prepayment, based on the principal amount of such then outstanding debt as a percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all then
outstanding Term Loans and Other First Lien Debt), (iv) Taxes paid or payable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) as a direct result thereof, (v) the amount of any reasonable reserve established in accordance with GAAP against any
adjustment to the sale price or any liabilities (other than any Taxes deducted pursuant to clause (i) or (iv) above) (x) related to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries including,
without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations (provided that (1) the amount of any reduction of such reserve (other
than in connection with a payment in respect of any such liability), prior to the date occurring 18 months after the date of the respective Asset Sale, shall be deemed to be cash proceeds of such Asset Sale occurring on the date of such reduction
and (2) the amount of any such reserve that is maintained as of the date occurring 18 months after the date of the applicable Asset Sale shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale as of such date) and (vi) in the case of any
Asset Sale or Recovery Event by any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, amounts applied to repay 

56 

Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness (x) owed to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or (y) under any revolving credit facility except to the extent there is a corresponding reduction in
the commitments thereunder); provided, that, if the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent promptly following receipt of any such proceeds setting forth the Borrowers
intention to use any portion of such proceeds, within 18 months of such receipt, to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in the business of the Borrower and/or the Subsidiaries or to make Permitted Business
Acquisitions and other Investments permitted hereunder (excluding Investments in Cash Equivalents or intercompany Investments in Subsidiaries) or to reimburse the cost of any of the foregoing incurred on or after the date on which the Asset Sale or
Recovery Event, as applicable, then such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not, within 18 months of such receipt, so used or contractually committed to be so used (it being understood that if any portion of such
proceeds are not so used within such 18 month period but within such 18 month period are contractually committed to be used, then such proceeds if not so used within 180 days following the end of such 18 month period shall constitute Net Proceeds as
of such date without giving effect to this proviso); provided, further, that no net cash proceeds calculated in accordance with the foregoing shall constitute Net Proceeds unless such net cash proceeds realized in a single transaction
or series of related transactions shall exceed $10,000,000 or such net cash proceeds shall exceed $25,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Proceeds); 

(b) [reserved]; and 

(c) 100%
of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness (other than Excluded Indebtedness, except for Refinancing Notes and Refinancing Term Loans), net of all fees (including investment
banking fees), commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale. 

Net Short
Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.26. 

Net Short Representation shall
mean, with respect to any Lender (other than an Unrestricted Lender) at any time, a representation and warranty (including any deemed representation and warranty, as the case may be) from such Lender to the Borrower that is not a Net Short Lender.

New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment
No. 2. 

New Class Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(f).

Non-Consenting Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.19(c). 

Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, each
Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Extension Notice Date
shall have the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(b)(iii). 

57 

Non-Recourse Indebtedness means
Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Note shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(e). 

Obligations shall mean, collectively, (a) the Loan Obligations, (b) obligations in respect of any Secured Cash
Management Agreement and (c) obligations in respect of any Secured Hedge Agreement (including, in each case, monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding,
regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding). 

Other First Lien Debt shall mean any
obligations secured by Other First Liens (including any Incremental Equivalent Debt or Refinancing Notes secured by Other First Liens). 

Other First Liens shall mean Liens on the Collateral that are equal and ratable with the Liens thereon securing the Loan
Obligations (without regard to control of remedies). 

Other Incremental Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.21(a). 

Other Revolving Facility Commitments shall mean, collectively, (a) Extended
Revolving Facility Commitments and (b) Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments. 

Other Revolving Loans shall
mean, collectively (a) Extended Revolving Loans and (b) Replacement Revolving Loans. 

Other Taxes shall mean
any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, registration, delivery or enforcement of,
consummation or administration of, from the receipt or perfection of security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, the Loan Documents, except any such Taxes imposed as a result of any other present or former connection with such
jurisdiction (other than any such connection arising solely from any Loan Document or any transactions pursuant to any Loan Document) imposed with respect to an assignment (other than with respect to an assignment pursuant to a request by the
Borrower under Section 2.19(b) or 2.19(c)). 

Other Term Facilities shall mean the Other Term Loan Commitments and
the Other Term Loans made thereunder. 

Other Term Loan Commitments shall mean, collectively, (a) Incremental Term
Loan Commitments with respect to Other Term Loans and (b) commitments to make Refinancing Term Loans. 

Other Term Loan
Installment Date shall have, with respect to any Class of Other Term Loans established pursuant to an Incremental Assumption Agreement, an Extension Amendment or a Refinancing Amendment, the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.10(a)(ii). 

58 

Other Term Loans shall mean, collectively, (a) Other Incremental
Term Loans, (b) Extended Term Loans and (c) Refinancing Term Loans. 

Participant shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(i). 

Participant Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.04(c)(ii). 

PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA
and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Perfection Certificate shall mean the Perfection Certificate
with respect to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I, or such other form as is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, as the same may be supplemented from time to time to the extent
required by Section 5.04(e). 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of
Term SOFR. 

Permitted Business Acquisition shall mean any acquisition of all or substantially all the
assets or business of, or all or a majority of the Equity Interests (other than directors qualifying shares) not previously held by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in, or merger, consolidation or amalgamation with, a person or business unit
or division or line of business of a person (or any subsequent investment made in a person or business unit or division or line of business previously acquired in a Permitted Business Acquisition), so long as (i) subject to Section 1.10
for a Limited Condition Transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect thereto or would result therefrom; (ii) all transactions related thereto shall be consummated in accordance with
applicable material laws; (iii) any acquired or newly formed Subsidiary shall not be liable for any Indebtedness except for Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01; and (iv) any acquired Equity Interests or any Equity Interests in any
entity newly formed in connection with such transactions shall be Equity Interests of a Subsidiary (except as permitted by a provision of Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(k))). 

Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction shall mean any purchase by the Borrower of a call or capped call option
(or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrowers common Equity Interests in connection with the issuance of any convertible Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder, or any refinancing, refunding, extension or renewal
thereof as permitted by Section 6.01, and any sale by the Borrower of a call option or warrant (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrowers common Equity Interests; provided that the purchase price for the
Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction does not exceed the net proceeds from the issuance of such convertible notes issued in connection with the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction or any such refinancing, refunding,
extension or renewal thereof as permitted by Section 6.01, as applicable. 

Permitted First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement shall mean, with respect to any Liens on Collateral that are intended to be pari passu with any Lien securing the Loan Obligations, one or more intercreditor agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

59 

Permitted Foreign Currency means, with respect to any Letter of Credit,
any foreign currency that is reasonably requested by the Borrower from time to time and that has been agreed to by the applicable Issuing Bank. 

Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement shall mean, with respect to any Liens on Collateral that are intended to be junior
to any Liens securing the Loan Obligations, one or more intercreditor agreements, each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Permitted Liens shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02. 

Permitted Receivables Financing shall mean, collectively, any receivables, securitizations or other receivables financing
(including any factoring program) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed (solely when incurred or created) $10,000,000 (provided that with respect to Permitted Receivables Financings incurred in the form of a factoring program, the
outstanding amount of such Permitted Receivables Financing for the purposes of this definition shall be deemed to be equal to the Permitted Receivables Net Investment for the most recently ended Test Period) so long as such financings are non-recourse to the Borrower and any of the Subsidiaries (except for (a) recourse to any Foreign Subsidiaries in a manner customary in the relevant local market, (b) any customary limited recourse
obligations, (c) any performance undertaking or guarantee that is no more extensive in any material respect than customary performance undertakings or (d) an unsecured parent guarantee, and, in each case, reasonable extensions thereof).

Permitted Receivables Net Investment shall mean the aggregate cash amount paid by the purchasers under any Permitted
Receivables Financing in the form of a factoring program in connection with their purchase of accounts receivable and customary related assets or interests therein, as the same may be reduced from time to time by collections with respect to such
accounts receivable and related assets or otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Permitted Receivables Financing (but excluding any such collections used to make payments of commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges incurred
in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing in the form of a factoring program which are payable to any Person other than the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries). 

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are
used to extend, refinance, renew, replace, defease or refund (collectively, to Refinance), any Indebtedness (including successive refinancings thereof); provided, that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if
applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) and an amount equal to any existing revolving commitments unutilized thereof of the Indebtedness so Refinanced (plus
unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses), (b) (i) the final maturity date of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is on or after the
final maturity date of the Indebtedness being Refinanced and (ii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is greater than or equal to the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being
Refinanced (provided that such Indebtedness may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility intended to be refinanced or 

60 

replaced with long-term indebtedness so long as, subject only to customary conditions the failure of which to be satisfied would otherwise result in an Event of Default, it would either be
automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of this clause (b)), (c) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to any Obligations, such
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Obligations on terms in the aggregate not materially less favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being
Refinanced (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (d) no Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall have obligors that are not obligors with respect to the Indebtedness being so Refinanced; provided that, if any of the Guarantees of the
Indebtedness being Refinanced were subordinated to the Obligations, the Guarantees of the Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Obligations on no less favorable terms, (e) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is
secured (and permitted to be secured), such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness may be secured by Liens on the same (or any subset of the) assets as secured (or would have been required to secure) the Indebtedness being Refinanced, on terms in the
aggregate that are no less favorable to the Secured Parties than the Indebtedness being refinanced or on terms otherwise permitted by Section 6.02 (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), and (f) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced
was subject to a Permitted First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement, and if the respective Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is to be secured by the Collateral, the Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall
likewise be subject to a Permitted First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable. 

Permitted Reorganization shall mean any transaction or undertaking, including Investments, in connection with internal
reorganizations and or restructurings (including in connection with tax planning and corporate reorganizations), so long as, after giving effect thereto (w) the Loan Parties shall comply with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement as required
by Section 5.10, (x) the security interest of the Lenders in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is not materially impaired, (y) any pledges of Equity Interests that are part of the Collateral are maintained or replaced with equivalent
pledges and (z) such transaction is not otherwise materially adverse to Lenders. 

Permitted Sale Lease-Back
Transaction shall mean (i) any sale and lease-back transaction entered into prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any sale and lease-back transactions by the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries with aggregate net proceeds for
all such transactions made pursuant to this clause (ii) not to exceed (calculated at the time of such transaction) $10,000,000. 

Person or person shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint venture, association,
company, partnership, limited liability company or government, individual or family trusts, or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is (i) subject to the
provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, (ii) sponsored or maintained (at the time of determination or at any time within the five years prior thereto) by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate and (iii) in respect of which the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in
Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

61 

Platform shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.04. 

Pledged Collateral shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Pounds and shall mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern
Ireland. 

primary obligor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term
Guarantee. 

Pro Forma Basis shall mean, as to any person, for any events as described below that occur
subsequent to the commencement of a period for which the financial effect of such events is being calculated, and giving effect to the events for which such calculation is being made, such calculation as will give pro forma effect to such events as
if such events occurred on the first day of the most recent Test Period ended on or before the occurrence of such event (the Reference Period): (i) any Asset Sale and any asset acquisition, Investment (or series of related
Investments) in excess of the greater of $10,000,000 and an amount equal to 5.0% of EBITDA (provided, that the Borrower may elect to give effect to any Asset Sale, acquisition, Investment (or series of related Investments) below such
threshold), merger, amalgamation, consolidation (including the Transactions) (or any similar transaction or transactions), any dividend, distribution or other similar payment, (ii) any operational changes or restructurings of the business of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has determined to make and/or made during or subsequent to the Reference Period in connection with the Transactions, Permitted Business Acquisitions and similar
acquisitions and which are expected to have a continuing impact and are factually supportable, which would include cost savings resulting from head count reduction, closure of facilities and other operational changes and other cost savings in
connection therewith, (iii) the designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary and (iv) any incurrence, repayment, repurchase or redemption of Indebtedness (or any issuance,
repurchase or redemption of Disqualified Equity Interests or preferred stock), other than fluctuations in revolving borrowings in the ordinary course of business (and not resulting from a transaction as described in clause (i) above). 

Pro forma calculations made pursuant to the definition of this term Pro Forma Basis shall be determined in good faith by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Any such pro forma calculation may include adjustments appropriate, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Borrower and set forth in a certificate of a Responsible Officer, to reflect operating expense
reductions, other operating improvements, synergies or such operational changes or restructurings described in clause (ii) of the immediately preceding paragraph reasonably expected to result from the applicable pro forma event in the twenty
four (24) month period following the consummation of the pro forma event, which may be reasonably allocated to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the reasonable good faith determination of the Borrower. The Borrower shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth such demonstrable or additional operating expense reductions and other operating improvements or synergies and information and calculations supporting them in
reasonable detail. 

62 

If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect,
the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date on which the relevant calculation is being made had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any hedging obligations applicable to
such Indebtedness if such hedging obligation has a remaining term in excess of 12 months). Interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting
officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of making the computation referred to above, interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility
computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period, except to the extent the outstandings thereunder are reasonably expected to increase as a result of any
transactions described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of this definition of Pro Forma Basis which occurred during the respective period or thereafter and on or prior to the date of determination. Interest on Indebtedness that
may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon
such optional rate chosen as the Borrower may designate. 

Pro Rata Extension Offers shall have the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Pro Rata Share shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.08(f). 

PTE shall mean a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor,
as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Public Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.04. 

Purchase Offer shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(a). 

Qualified Equity Interests shall mean any Equity Interest other than Disqualified Equity Interests. 

Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Type. 

Ratio Incremental Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Incremental Amount.

Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold estate) in and to any
and all parcels of or interests in real property owned in fee or leased by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all
improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. 

63 

Recovery Event shall mean any event that gives rise to the receipt by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or Real Property (including any improvements thereon). 

Reference Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Pro Forma Basis.

Reference Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Refinance shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness, and Refinanced and Refinancing shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

Refinancing Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(e). 

Refinancing Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Refinancing Notes shall mean any secured or unsecured or subordinated notes or loans issued by the Borrower or any
Guarantor (whether under an indenture, a credit agreement or otherwise) and the Indebtedness represented thereby; provided, that (a) 100% of the Net Proceeds of such Refinancing Notes are used to permanently reduce Term Loans and/or replace
Revolving Facility Commitments substantially simultaneously with the issuance thereof; (b) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Refinancing Notes does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable)
of the aggregate portion of the Term Loans so reduced and/or Revolving Facility Commitments so replaced (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and
expenses); (c) subject to clause (e) below, the final maturity date of such Refinancing Notes is on or after the Term Facility Maturity Date or the Revolving Facility Maturity Date, as applicable, of the Term Loans so reduced or the Revolving
Facility Commitments so replaced; (d) subject to clause (e) below, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Refinancing Notes is greater than or equal to the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans so repaid or the
Revolving Facility Commitments so replaced; (e) if any such Refinancing Notes are not Other First Lien Debt, it does not (1) mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date or have a Weighted Average Life to
Maturity less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and Initial Revolving Loans (or any later maturing Facility then in effect) plus 91 days and (2) have mandatory prepayment, redemption or
offer to purchase events more onerous to the Borrower (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower) than those set forth in the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and Initial Revolving Loans (other than (x) in the case of notes,
customary offers to repurchase or mandatory prepayment provisions upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and (y) in the case of loans, amortization to the extent
permitted above and other than mandatory and voluntary prepayment provisions which are, when taken as a whole, consistent in all material respects with, or not materially less favorable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than, those applicable to
the Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitments, as the case may be being refinanced, with such Indebtedness to provide that any 

64 

such mandatory prepayments as a result of asset sales, events of loss, or excess cash flow, shall be allocated on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not a greater
than pro rata basis) with the Term Loans then outstanding pursuant to this Agreement); (f) there shall be no obligor with respect thereto that is not a Loan Party; (g) if the Indebtedness being refinanced was (A) contractually
subordinated to any Facility in right of payment, such Refinancing Notes shall be contractually subordinated to such Facility on the same basis, (B) junior to any Facility in right of security, such Refinancing Notes shall be junior in right of
security to such Facility on the same or more junior basis or be unsecured or (C) unsecured, such Refinancing Notes shall be unsecured; (h) if such Refinancing Notes are secured, such Refinancing Notes shall be secured by all or a portion
of the Collateral, but shall not be secured by any assets of the Borrower or its subsidiaries other than the Collateral; (i) Refinancing Notes that are secured by Collateral shall be subject to the provisions of a Permitted First Lien
Intercreditor Agreement or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable; and (j) all other terms applicable to such Refinancing Notes (other than provisions relating to original issue discount, upfront fees, interest rates and any
other pricing terms (which original issue discount, upfront fees, interest rates and other pricing terms shall not be subject to the provisions set forth in this clause (j)) taken as a whole shall (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) be
substantially similar to, or not materially more favorable to the lenders providing such Refinancing Notes than, the terms, taken as a whole, applicable to the Term Loans so reduced or the Revolving Facility Commitments so replaced (except to the
extent such covenants and other terms (x) apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date, (y) are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (z) reflect market terms and conditions (as determined by the
Borrower in good faith) at the time of incurrence or issuance, as determined by the Borrower in good faith)); provided that such Refinancing Notes may be incurred in the form of a customary bridge or other interim credit facility
intended to be refinanced or replaced with long-term indebtedness so long as, subject only to customary conditions the failure of which to be satisfied would otherwise result in an Event of Default, it would either be automatically converted into or
required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the foregoing clauses (c), (d) and (e), as applicable. 

Refinancing Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Refunding Capital Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a)(xvii). 

Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(iv). 

Regulated Bank shall mean an Approved Bank that is (i) a U.S. depository institution the deposits of which are insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) a corporation organized under section 25A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913; (iii) a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank operating pursuant to approval by and
under the supervision of the Board under 12 CFR part 211; (iv) a non-U.S. branch of a foreign bank managed and controlled by a U.S. branch referred to in clause (iii); or (v) any other U.S. or non-U.S. depository institution or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. 

65 

Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the
Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation X
shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Related Fund shall mean, with respect to any Lender that is a fund that makes, purchases or holds bank or commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit, any other fund that makes, purchases or holds bank or commercial loans and similar extensions of credit and is advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity
(or an Affiliate of such entity) that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 

Related Parties shall mean, with
respect to any specified person, such persons Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, managers, advisors and representatives of such person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Release shall mean any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping,
leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, emanating or migrating in, into, onto or through the Environment. 

Relevant
Governmental Body shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Replacement Revolving
Facility shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(c). 

Replacement Revolving Facility
Commitments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(c). 

Replacement Revolving Facility
Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(c). 

Replacement Revolving
Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(c). 

Reportable Event shall mean any
reportable event as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than those events as to which the 30-day notice period referred to in Section 4043(c) of ERISA has
been waived, with respect to a Plan. 

Repricing Event shall mean (i) any prepayment or repayment of Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loans with the proceeds of, or conversion of all or any portion of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans into, any new or replacement tranche of broadly syndicated first-lien secured term loan B Indebtedness
that is secured on the Collateral bearing interest at All-in Yield less than the All-in Yield applicable to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans (as such
comparative rates are determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower) and (ii) any 

66 

amendment to this Agreement whose primary purpose is to directly or indirectly reduce the All-in Yield applicable to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term
Loans (it being understood that any prepayment premium with respect to a Repricing Event shall apply to any required assignment by a Non-Consenting Lender in connection with any such amendment pursuant to
Section 2.19(c)); provided, that in no event shall any such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or other modification in connection with a Change of Control or Transformative Acquisition
constitute a Repricing Event. Any determination by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower of the All-in Yield for purposes of this definition shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders
holding the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans. 

Required Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders having Term
Loans and Revolving Facility Commitments (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments have terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposure) that, taken together, represent more than 50% of the sum of (x) all Term Loans and (y) all Revolving
Facility Commitments (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments have terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposure) at such time; provided, that the Term Loans, Revolving Facility Commitments and Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any
Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 

Required Percentage shall mean,
with respect to any Excess Cash Flow Period, 50%; provided, that, if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period is (x) less than or equal to 3.00:1.00 but greater than 2.00:1.00, such percentage shall
be 25% or (y) less than or equal to 2.00:1.00, such percentage shall be 0%. 

Required Revolving Facility Lenders
shall mean, at any time with respect to any Revolving Facility, Revolving Facility Lenders having Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility (or if the Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility have terminated,
Revolving Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility) that, taken together, represents more than 50% of the sum of all Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments under such
Revolving Facility have terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility at such time); provided, that the Revolving Facility Commitments and Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be
disregarded in determining Required Revolving Facility Lenders at any time. 

Requirement of Law shall mean, as to any
person, any law, treaty, rule, regulation, statute, order, ordinance, decree, judgment, consent decree, writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, promulgated or imposed or entered into or agreed by any Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its property or assets or to which such person or any of its property or assets is subject. 

Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer of any person shall mean any manager, executive officer or Financial Officer
of such person and any other officer or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such person in respect of this Agreement, or any other duly authorized employee or signatory of such person. 

67 

Restricted Debt Payments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.03(b). 

Restricted Payments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a). The
amount of any Restricted Payment made other than in the form of cash or cash equivalents shall be the Fair Market Value thereof. 

Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corporation, a corporation incorporated under and governed by the Business Corporations Act
(Ontario), Canada, or a successor thereto. 

Revaluation Date means with respect to any Letter of Credit
denominated in a Permitted Foreign Currency, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month, (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of
Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, (iv) on the Business Day immediately following each Honor Date in respect of such Letter of Credit and (v) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any
applicable Issuing Bank shall reasonably determine. 

Revolving Facility shall mean the Revolving Facility Commitments
of any Class and the extensions of credit made hereunder by the Revolving Facility Lenders of such Class and, for purposes of Section 9.08(b), shall refer to all such Revolving Facility Commitments as a single Class. 

Revolving Facility Administrative Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement. 

Revolving Facility Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Facility Loans of the same
Class. 

Revolving Facility Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Revolving Facility Lender, the commitment of
such Revolving Facility Lender to make Revolving Facility Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(b), expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Revolving Facility Lenders Revolving Facility Credit Exposure
hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08, (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender under Section 9.04, and (c) increased, extended
or replaced as provided under Section 2.21, 2.22 or 2.23. The initial amount of each Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment on the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Acceptance, Incremental
Assumption Agreement, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Facility Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Facility Commitments on the
Closing Date is $175,000,000. 

Revolving Facility Credit Exposure shall mean, at any time with respect to any
Class of Revolving Facility Commitments, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Facility Loans of such Class outstanding at such time, (b) the Swingline Exposure applicable to such Class at such time
and (c) the Revolving L/C Exposure applicable to such Class at such time 

68 

minus, for the purpose of the Financial Covenant only and only if all Revolving Facility Commitments shall have been terminated, the amount of Letters of Credit that have been Cash
Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum L/C Collateral Amount at such time. The Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Revolving Facility Lender at any time shall be the product of (x) such Revolving Facility Lenders Revolving
Facility Percentage of the applicable Class and (y) the aggregate Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class of all Revolving Facility Lenders, collectively, at such time. 

Revolving Facility Lender shall mean a Lender with a Revolving Facility Commitment or with outstanding Revolving Facility
Loans. 

Revolving Facility Loan shall mean a Loan made by a Revolving Facility Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b).
Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Revolving Facility Loans shall include the Other Revolving Loans. 

Revolving Facility Maturity Date shall mean, as the context may require, (a) with respect to the Revolving Facility in
effect on the Closing Date, February 6, 2029 and (b) with respect to any other Classes of Revolving Facility Commitments, the maturity dates specified therefor in the applicable Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 

Revolving Facility Percentage shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Facility Lender of any Class, the percentage of the
total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class represented by such Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment of such Class. If the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class have terminated or expired, the Revolving Facility
Percentages of such Class shall be determined based upon the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to Section 9.04. 

Revolving L/C Exposure of any Revolving Facility of any Class shall mean at any time the aggregate L/C Obligations
under such Revolving Facility at such time. The Revolving L/C Exposure of any Revolving Facility Lender under any Revolving Facility at any time shall mean its applicable Revolving Facility Percentage of the aggregate Revolving L/C Exposure under
such Revolving Facility at such time. 

S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Ratings Group, Inc. 

Sanctioned Country shall mean, at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions
(at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the
Zaporizhzhia region of Ukraine, the Kherson region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctions shall
mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
or the U.S. Department of State, (b) His Majestys Treasury, (c) the European Union or (d) the United Nations Security Council. 

69 

Screened Affiliate means any Affiliate of a Lender (i) that makes
investment decisions independently from such Lender and any other Affiliate of such Lender that is not a Screened Affiliate (and such Lender and any other Affiliate of such Lender that is not a Screened Affiliate shall make investment decisions
independently from such Screened Affiliates), (ii) that has in place customary information screens between it and such Lender and any other Affiliate of such Lender that is not a Screened Affiliate and such screens prohibit the sharing of
information with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries between or among (x) such Lender and any other Affiliates of such Lender that are not Screened Affiliates and (y) any Screened Affiliate, (iii) whose investment policies are
not directed by such Lender or any other Affiliate of such Lender that is not a Screened Affiliate in connection with its investment in the Loans, (iv) who does not have the ability to influence the investment policies of such Lender or any
other Affiliate of such Lender that is not a Screened Affiliate in connection with such Lenders or any Affiliate of such Lenders investment in the Loans and (v) whose investment decisions are not influenced by the investment
decisions of such Lender or any other Affiliate of such Lender in connection with its investment in the Loans; provided, that such Lender shall have no knowledge of such Screened Affiliates holdings or investment positions and such
Screened Affiliate shall have no knowledge of such Lenders holdings or investment positions (other than, in each case, a limited number of senior employees who are required, in accordance with industry regulations or such Lenders (or
such Screened Affiliates) internal policies and procedures, to act in a supervisory capacity and such Lenders internal legal, compliance or risk management committee members). No Affiliate of a Lender shall be considered a Screened
Affiliate unless and until the applicable Lender has provided the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with written certification or deemed certification of such Screened Affiliates compliance with the requirements of a Screened Affiliate
under this definition. 

Secured Cash Management Agreement shall mean any Cash Management Agreement that is entered into
by and between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Cash Management Bank, including any such Cash Management Agreement that is in effect on the Closing Date, that is designated in writing by the Borrower and such Cash Management Bank to the
Administrative Agent as a Secured Cash Management Agreement. 

Secured Hedge Agreement shall mean any Hedging Agreement
that is entered into by and between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Hedge Bank, including any such Hedging Agreement that is in effect on the Closing Date, that is designated in writing by the Borrower and such Hedge Bank to the
Administrative Agent as a Secured Hedge Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for all purposes of the Loan Documents, any Guarantee of, or grant of any Lien to secure, any obligations in respect of a Secured Hedge Agreement by a Guarantor shall
not include any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. 

Secured Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of
any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Total Debt that is secured by a Lien on any assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to (ii) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended Test
Period on or prior to such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Secured Net Leverage Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 

70 

Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, each Lender, each Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank, each Hedge Bank that is party to any Secured Hedge Agreement, each Cash Management Bank that is party to any Secured Cash Management Agreement and each Subagent appointed
pursuant to Section 8.02 by the Administrative Agent with respect to matters relating to the Loan Documents or by the Collateral Agent with respect to matters relating to any Security Document. 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security Documents shall mean the Collateral Agreement, each Notice of Grant of Security Interest in Intellectual Property
(as defined in the Collateral Agreement), the Mortgages, and each other security agreement, pledge agreement or other instruments or documents executed and delivered pursuant to the foregoing or entered into or delivered after the Closing Date to
the extent required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including pursuant to Section 5.10. 

Significant
Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary as to which a specified circumstance exists relating to a Significant Subsidiary that (when taken together with any other Subsidiaries as to which such circumstance then exists) (a)
for the four fiscal quarter period of the Borrowing ending as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements (or pro forma financial statements, as applicable) have been (or were required to
be) delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(i), 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), accounted for at least 5% of the combined EBITDA of the Borrower, consolidated with its Subsidiaries, for the last four fiscal quarters then ended or (b) as of the last day of
the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements (or pro forma financial statements, as applicable) have been (or were required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(i), 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), has assets
which represent at least 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

Similar Business shall mean (i) any business the
majority of whose revenues are derived from business or activities conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and (ii) any business that is a reasonable extension, development or expansion of any such business or any
business similar, reasonably related, incidental, corollary, complementary, ancillary, synergistic or incidental to any of the foregoing. 

SOFR shall mean a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website,
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Determination Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

SOFR Rate Day shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14. 

Soft Call Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(d). 

71 

Specified Representations shall mean those representations and warranties
of the Borrowers and the Guarantors set forth in Sections 3.01(a) (solely with respect to the Loan Parties), 3.01(d), 3.02(a), 3.02(b)(i)(B) (solely as it relates to the execution and delivery by the Borrower and each of the Guarantors of each of
the Loan Documents to which it is a party, the borrowings and other extensions of credit hereunder on the date on which such representations and warranties are being made and the granting of the Liens in the Collateral pursuant to (and solely to the
extent required under) the Loan Documents), 3.03, 3.10, 3.11, 3.17, 3.18, 3.23 and 3.24. 

Subagent shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02. 

Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean (i) any Indebtedness of
a Borrower that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Obligations and (ii) any Indebtedness of any Guarantor that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such Guarantor of the Loan
Obligations. 

subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any person (referred to in this definition as the
parent), any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or more than 50% of
the general partnership interests are, at the time any determination is being made, directly or indirectly, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, at the time any determination is made, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more
subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

Subsidiary shall mean, unless
otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, a subsidiary of the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing (and except for purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary contained herein) an Unrestricted Subsidiary
shall be deemed not to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement. 

Subsidiary
Redesignation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary in this Section 1.01. 

Successor Borrower shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05(q). 

Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract
or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

SWIFT shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(f). 

Swingline Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Swingline Loans. 

Swingline Borrowing Request shall mean a request by the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 or such other form (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Swingline Lender) as shall be approved by the Swingline Lender and appropriately
completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

72 

Swingline Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Swingline Lender,
the commitment of such Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04. The aggregate amount of the Swingline Commitments is $20,000,000. The Swingline Commitment is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility
Commitments. 

Swingline Exposure shall mean at any time for any Revolving Facility the aggregate principal amount of
all outstanding Swingline Borrowings under such Revolving Facility at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Facility Lender under any Revolving Facility at any time shall mean its applicable Revolving Facility Percentage of the
aggregate Swingline Exposure under such Revolving Facility at such time. 

Swingline Lender shall mean Citibank, in its
capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans. 

Swingline Loans shall mean the swingline loans made to the Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.04. 

Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments,
deductions, withholdings or other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any interest, fines, penalties or additions to tax with respect to the
foregoing. 

Term Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans or Other Term Loans. 

Term Facility shall mean each of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Facility and/or each of the Other Term Facilities.

Term Facility Administrative Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement. 

Term Facility Commitment shall mean the commitment of a Term Lender to make Term Loans, including Amendment
No. 2 Initial Term Loans and/or Other Term Loans. 

Term Facility Maturity Date shall mean, as the context may
require, (a) with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Facility, the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, and (b) with respect to any other Class of Term Loans, the maturity dates specified therefor in the
applicable Incremental Assumption Agreement, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 

Term Lender shall mean a
Lender with a Term Facility Commitment or with outstanding Term Loans. 

Term Loan Installment Date shall mean any
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Installment Date or any Other Term Loan Installment Date. 

Term Loans shall mean
the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and/or the Other Term Loans. 

73 

Term SOFR shall mean, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and
a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on
any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published
by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR
Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day; 

provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in each case,
(x) with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, Term SOFR shall at no time be less than 0.00% and (y) with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, Term SOFR shall at no time be less than 0.00%. 

Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the
Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate
shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Term Yield Differential shall have the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.21(b)(v). 

Termination Date shall mean the date on which (a) all Commitments shall
have been terminated, (b) the principal of and interest on each Loan and L/C Borrowing all Fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document and all other Loan Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash (other than in
respect of contingent indemnification and expense 

74 

reimbursement claims not then due), and (c) all Letters of Credit (other than those that have been Cash Collateralized with the Minimum L/C Collateral Amount in accordance with
Section 2.05(k)) have been cancelled or have expired with no pending drawings and all amounts drawn or paid thereunder have been reimbursed in full in cash (or other arrangements satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank have been made). 

Test Period shall mean, on any date of determination, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then
most recently ended (taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been (or were required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(i), 5.04(a) or 5.04(b). 

Third Party Funds shall mean any accounts or funds, or any portion thereof, received by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries as agent on behalf of third parties in accordance with a written agreement that imposes a duty upon Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries to collect and remit those funds to such third parties. 

Total Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Total Debt to
(ii) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended Test Period on or prior to such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be
determined on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Transaction Costs shall mean fees, premiums, expenses, closing payments and other
similar transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by Borrower and/or its subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Transactions shall mean, collectively (a) the Closing Date Refinancing; and (b) the payment of all fees and
expenses to be paid and owing in connection with the foregoing. 

Transformative Acquisition shall mean any acquisition
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is either (a) not permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or (b) if permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the
consummation of such acquisition, would not provide the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under the Loan Documents for the continuation and/or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as reasonably
determined by the Borrower acting in good faith. 

Treasury Capital Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 6.03(a)(xvii). 

Type shall mean, when used in respect of any Loan or Borrowing, the Rate by reference
to which interest on such Loan or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing is determined. For purposes hereof, the term Rate shall mean Term SOFR and the ABR. It is understood and agreed that Loans bearing interest based upon clause
(c) of the definition of ABR shall be ABR Loans (and not Term SOFR Loans) for all purposes hereunder. 

75 

UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is
defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 2.14. 

Uniform Commercial Code or UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial
Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. 

United States and US shall mean the United States of America. 

Unreimbursed Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c)(i). 

Unrestricted Cash shall mean unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and cash and Cash
Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries restricted in favor of the Lenders. 

Unrestricted Lender shall mean
any Regulated Bank, any Revolving Facility Lender as of the Closing Date, any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary shall mean (1) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, whether owned on, or acquired or created after,
the Closing Date, that is designated after the Closing Date by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder by written notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, that the Borrower shall only be permitted to so designate a new
Unrestricted Subsidiary following the Closing Date so long as (a) no Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) is continuing or would result therefrom and (b) all Investments in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at
the time of designation (as contemplated by the immediately following sentence) are permitted in accordance with the relevant requirements of Section 6.04; and (2) any subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of any
Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its Subsidiaries) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Borrowers (or its Subsidiaries)
Investments therein, which shall be required to be permitted on such date in accordance with Section 6.04. The Borrower may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement (each, a Subsidiary
Redesignation); provided, that no Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) is continuing or would result therefrom (after giving effect to the provisions of the immediately succeeding sentence). The
designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary after the Closing Date shall constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time and

76 

(ii) a return on any Investment by the applicable Loan Party (or its relevant Subsidiaries) in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair
Market Value at the date of such designation of such Loan Partys (or its relevant Subsidiaries) Investment in such Subsidiary. The Borrower may not designate any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder if (i) it is a
restricted subsidiary (or other term with a substantially similar meaning) under the documentation governing any Incremental Equivalent Debt or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(v)(x)(i) hereof and where any such
documentation provides for the ability to designate subsidiaries as restricted and unrestricted (or other terms with substantially similar meanings) or (ii) it owns (x) any intellectual property or (y) any
other assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), in either case, that the Borrower determines in good faith is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person shall mean any person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(d)(ii)(C).

USA PATRIOT Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept
and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Weighted
Average Life to Maturity shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining
installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest
one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 

Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary shall mean a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is also a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any person shall mean a subsidiary of such person, all of the Equity Interests of which (other
than directors qualifying shares or nominee or other similar shares required pursuant to applicable law) are owned by such person or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such person. Unless the context otherwise requires, Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Withdrawal
Liability shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent shall mean the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent. 

77 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.02. Terms Generally; GAAP. The definitions set forth or referred to in Section 1.01 shall apply equally to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. All references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be deemed references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless
the context shall otherwise require. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any reference in this Agreement to any Loan Document shall mean such document as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in the definition of Capitalized Lease Obligations), all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in
accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if at any time, any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement in the Loan Documents and the Borrower notifies the Administrative
Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment), the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such
ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application
thereof, then such financial ratio or requirement shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such provision is amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under
Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value
any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting
Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated
manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, except as provided in the definition of Consolidated Net Income and
EBITDA, without giving effect to the financial condition, results and performance of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

78 

For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Article VI, in the event that any
Indebtedness, Lien, Investment or Disposition, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04 or 6.05, the Borrower, in its sole
discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any category. It is understood and agreed
that any Indebtedness, Lien, Investment or Disposition need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction, restriction on subsidiary distribution and negative
pledge clauses under Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04 or 6.05, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, a transaction or item that is permitted by one category of permitted
Indebtedness, Lien, Investment or Disposition under Section 6.01, 6.02, 6.04 or 6.05, respectively, shall not be counted against any other category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Investment or Disposition under Section 6.01, 6.02, 6.04
or 6.05, respectively (i.e., each category shall be independent of each other category). 

Section 1.03. Effectuation of
Transactions. Each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) are made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 1.04. Timing of Payment or Performance. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, when the payment of any obligation
or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

Section 1.05. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified herein, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Local
Time. 

Section 1.06. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and
referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Loan) or by Type (e.g., an Term SOFR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., an Term SOFR Term Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by
Class (e.g., a Term Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., an Term SOFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., an Term SOFR Term Borrowing). 

Section 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be
deemed to be the amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit during the remaining life of the Letter of Credit in effect at such time. 

Section 1.08. Cashless Rollovers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan
Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Facilities, Refinancing Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Replacement Revolving Facility
Commitments, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Facility Commitments or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless
roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available
funds, in cash or any other similar requirement. 

79 

Section 1.09. Certain Calculations. For purposes of determining the
permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test, such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to Section 1.10), such change is
made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after the time such action
is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance
on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts) substantially concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or
consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts shall be
disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence-Based Amounts. 

Section 1.10. Limited
Condition Transactions. 

In connection with any action being taken solely in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction
(including any contemplated incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness in connection therewith), for purposes of: 

(a) determining compliance
with any provision of the Loan Documents (other than Section 6.10 hereof) that requires the calculation of the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage Ratio or the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio; 

(b) determining the accuracy of representations and warranties and/or whether a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default); or 

(c) testing availability under baskets set forth in the Loan Documents
(including baskets measured as a percentage of EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets or by reference to the Builder Basket); 

in each case, at the option of
the Borrower (the Borrowers election, in writing to the Administrative Agent, to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCA Election), the date of determination of whether any such
action is permitted hereunder shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into or the date of delivery of the relevant notices, if any (the LCA Test
Date), and if, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of
proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCA Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratio or basket, such ratio
or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with. 

80 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCA Election and any of the ratios
or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCA Test Date are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio or basket, including due to fluctuations in EBITDA of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the Person subject to
such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations; provided, however, if any
ratios improve or baskets increase as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios or baskets may be utilized. 

If the Borrower has
made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of the ratios or baskets on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited
Condition Transaction is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio or basket shall be
calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated; provided
that if such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any action taken where compliance of such ratios or baskets was determined or tested assuming such Limited Condition
Transaction and other transaction in connection therewith have been consummated will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of failure to consummate such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith. 

Section 1.11. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under
Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (i) if any asset, right, obligation, or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation, or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to
have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (ii) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity
Interest at such time. 

Section 1.12. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. On each Revaluation Date, the Administrative Agent
shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Letter of Credit extensions denominated in Permitted Foreign Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts
until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any Permitted
Foreign Currency or purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent. 

81 

ARTICLE II 

The Credits 

Section 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: 

(a) Each (i) New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term
Loan in Dollars to the Borrower on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed its Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment and (ii) Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender agrees,
severally and not jointly, to convert 100% of its Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans (or such lesser amount as shall be allocated to such Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lender by the Term Facility Administrative Agent) on the
Amendment No. 2 Effective Date for a like principal amount of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans. 

(b) Each Revolving Facility
Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Facility Loans of a Class in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such
Lenders Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class exceeding such Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment of such Class or (ii) the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class exceeding the total Revolving
Facility Commitments of such Class. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Facility Loans. 

(c) Each Lender having an Incremental Commitment agrees, severally and not jointly, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
applicable Incremental Assumption Agreement, to make an Incremental Loan to the Borrower, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed its Incremental Commitment. 

(d) The full amount of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans that are funded by the New Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders
pursuant to their respective Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments must be drawn in a single drawing on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. Term Loans that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

(a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and of the same Type made by the Lenders ratably
in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class (or, in the case of Swingline Loans, in accordance with the Swingline Commitment). The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any
other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided, that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing (other than a Swingline Borrowing) shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term SOFR
Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swingline Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. Each Lender at its option may make any ABR Loan or Term SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch

82 

or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such
Lender); provided, that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such Lender shall not be entitled to any amounts payable under
Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 solely in respect of increased costs resulting from such exercise and under the Requirements of Law existing at the time of such exercise. 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term SOFR Revolving Facility Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount
that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum. At the time that each ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the
Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum; provided, that an ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused available balance of the Revolving Facility Commitments or as
contemplated by Section 2.04(c) or Section 2.05(c). Each Swingline Borrowing shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum. Borrowings of more than one Type and
Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, and after giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one type to
another, and all continuations of Loans of the same type, would result in more than (i)ten (10) Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility at any time and (ii) six (6) Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding under each other
Facility. Borrowings having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue,
any Borrowing of any Class if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date for such Class. 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. 

(a) To request a Revolving Facility Borrowing and/or a Term Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request
(a) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, by telephone, not
later than 10:00 a.m. Local Time, on the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing (or, in each case, such later time as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided, that (i) if the Borrower wishes to request Term SOFR Loans having
an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time four
(4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the applicable Lenders of such request and determine whether
the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them and not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the applicable Lenders and (ii) any such notice of an ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing as contemplated by Section 2.04(c)
or Section 2.05(c) may be given no later 

83 

than 12:00 noon, Local Time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable (other than in the case of any notice given in respect of the Closing Date,
which may be conditioned upon the occurrence of the Closing Date) and (in the case of telephonic requests) shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic means to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request signed by the
Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) whether such Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, Other Term Loans or Revolving
Facility Loans of a particular Class, as applicable; 

(ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing; 

(iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day or a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable;

(iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing; 

(v) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period; and 

(vi) the location and number of the
Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed. 

If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested
Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Borrowing then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt
of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

Section 2.04. Swingline Loans. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender hereby agrees to make Swingline Loans under any Revolving
Facility in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding
the Swingline Lenders Swingline Commitment or (ii) the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of the applicable Class exceeding the total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class; provided, that the Swingline Lender shall not
be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Borrowing and the Swingline Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding
absent manifest error) that it has, or by the making of such Swingline Loan may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline
Loans. 

84 

(b) To request a Swingline Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and
the Swingline Lender of such request by telephone (confirmed by a Swingline Borrowing Request), not later than 2:00 p.m., Local Time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Borrowing. Each such notice and Swingline Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable
and shall specify (i) the requested date of such Swingline Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) and (ii) the amount of the requested Swingline Borrowing. The Swingline Lender shall consult with the Administrative Agent as to whether
the making of the Swingline Loan is in accordance with the terms of this Agreement prior to the Swingline Lender funding such Swingline Loan. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of
immediately available funds by 4:00 p.m., Local Time, to the account of the Borrower. 

(c) The Swingline Lender may, by written notice
given to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, on any Business Day, require the Revolving Facility Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the
outstanding Swingline Loans made by it under such Revolving Facility. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of such Swingline Loans in which the Revolving Facility Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the
Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each such Lender, specifying in such notice such Revolving Facility Lenders applicable Revolving Facility Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Facility Lender hereby
absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of notice as provided above (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, Local Time, on a Business Day no later than 2:00 p.m. Local Time on such Business Day and if
received after 12:00 noon, Local Time, on a Business Day, no later than 12:00 noon, Local Time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Revolving Facility
Lenders applicable Revolving Facility Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Facility Lender acknowledges and agrees that its respective obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is
absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of any Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made
without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Facility Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Revolving Facility Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender
the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Facility Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph (c), and thereafter payments in respect of such
Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such
Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the
Revolving Facility Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to such Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided, that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to such Swingline Lender or to
the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any
default in the payment thereof. 

85 

Section 2.05. Letters of Credit. 

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each Issuing Bank agrees, in reliance upon the
agreements of the Revolving Facility Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date for the applicable Revolving
Facility, to issue Letters of Credit in Dollars or a Permitted Foreign Currency for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any Revolving Facility, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance
with Section 2.05(b), and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Revolving Facility Lenders under each Revolving Facility severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under such Revolving Facility and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure
under the applicable Revolving Facility shall not exceed the Revolving Facility Commitments thereunder, (x) the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility shall not exceed such Lenders
Revolving Facility Commitment thereunder, (y) the outstanding amount of the L/C Obligations under all Revolving Facilities shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (z) unless otherwise agreed by such Issuing Bank in its sole
discretion, the outstanding amount of the L/C Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank shall not exceed such Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Commitment. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of
a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to
replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. The previously issued letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.05 (the Existing Letters of Credit), shall, subject to the
satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, be deemed to be Letters of Credit under this Agreement as of the Closing Date. 

(ii) No Issuing Bank shall issue any Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility if: 

(A) subject to Section 2.05(b)(iii), the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months
after the date of issuance or the then-current expiration date, unless the Required Revolving Facility Lenders under such Revolving Facility have approved such expiry date; or 

(B) the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date for such
Revolving Facility, unless (x) all the Revolving Facility Lenders under such Revolving Facility and such Issuing Bank have approved such expiry date or (y) such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on terms and pursuant to arrangements
satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank. 

86 

(iii) No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of
Credit if: 

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to
enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction
over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to the Letter of Credit any
restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not
applicable on the Closing Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; 

(B) the issuance of the
Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; 

(C)
except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount of less than $250,000 or the Dollar Equivalent thereof; 

(D) [reserved]; 

(E) any Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such
Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including for the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such Issuing Banks actual or reasonably
determined potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations
as to which such Issuing Bank has actual or reasonably determined potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion); or 

(F) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.

(iv) No Issuing Bank shall amend any Letter of Credit if such Issuing Bank would not have been permitted at such time to
issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms of this Section 2.05(a). 

(v) No Issuing Bank shall be
under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does
not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 

87 

(vi) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.05(f), each Issuing Bank
shall act on behalf of the Revolving Facility Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it under such Revolving Facility and the documents associated therewith, and each Issuing Bank shall have
all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it
and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article VIII included such Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided
herein with respect to the Issuing Banks. 

(vii) Any Issuing Bank may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior
notice to the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Facility Lenders and the Borrower. After the resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the retiring Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations
of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or to extend, reinstate, or increase any
existing Letter of Credit. 

(viii) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding any other provisions hereunder, Morgan
Stanley and Citibank, as Issuing Banks, shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit other than a standby Letter of Credit. 

(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit. 

(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the
applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Request may be sent by facsimile, by
United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the applicable Issuing Bank, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such Issuing Bank. Such Letter of Credit Request must be received
by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank may agree in a particular instance in their sole
discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Request shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the
applicable Issuing Bank: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof;
(E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) if more than one Revolving
Facility is then in effect, the 

88 

Revolving Facility under which such Letter of Credit is to be issued; and (H) such other matters as the applicable Issuing Bank may reasonably request. In the case of a request for an
amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Request shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment
thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the applicable Issuing Bank may reasonably request. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the applicable Issuing Bank and the
Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request pursuant to its
policies of general applicability to other account parties for whom such Issuing Bank issues letters of credit. 

(ii)
Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Request, the applicable Issuing Bank will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Request from the
Borrower and, if not, such Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the applicable Issuing Bank has received written notice from the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any Loan
Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied (solely with respect to an
issuance), then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or issue the applicable amendment, as the case may
be, in each case in accordance with such Issuing Banks usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit under a Revolving Facility and each amendment increasing the amount of a Letter of Credit,
each Revolving Facility Lender under such Revolving Facility shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable Issuing Bank a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the
product of such Revolving Facility Lenders Revolving Facility Percentage of such Revolving Facility times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 

(iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Request, an Issuing Bank shall agree to issue a Letter of
Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension at least once in
each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice
Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such Issuing
Bank for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Facility Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) such Issuing Bank to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any
time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Facility Expiration Date of the applicable Revolving Facility; provided, however, that no Issuing Bank shall permit any such extension if (A) such Issuing

89 

Bank has determined that it would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause
(ii) or (iii) of Section 2.05(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the
Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Facility Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such Issuing Bank not to permit such extension. 

(iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with
respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, each Issuing Bank will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 

(c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. 

(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of a compliant drawing under such Letter of Credit, the
applicable Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. one Business Day after the date of notice of any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit or, if the Borrower shall have
received such notice from the Issuing Bank later than 11:00 a.m. on any Business Day, not later than 4:00 p.m. on the next Business Day (each such date of payment by an Issuing Bank, an Honor Date), the Borrower shall reimburse
such Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing; provided that, in the case of a drawing in a Permitted Foreign Currency, the applicable Issuing Bank may require the Borrower to reimburse
such Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Permitted Foreign Currency drawing. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank by such time, the Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify each Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (including, in the case of a drawing in a Permitted Foreign Currency, the Dollar Equivalent thereof at
such time) (the Unreimbursed Amount), and the amount of such Revolving Facility Lenders Revolving Facility Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of ABR Revolving
Facility Loans under the applicable Revolving Facility to be disbursed on such date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of ABR Loans, but
subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Facility Commitments under Section 4.02 and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Borrowing Request). Any notice given by an Issuing Bank or
the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.05(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of
such notice. 

90 

(ii) Each Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility
shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank to the Administrative Agent in an amount
equal to its applicable Revolving Facility Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.05(c)(iii),
each Revolving Facility Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Revolving Facility Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable Issuing Bank. 

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Facility Borrowing of ABR Loans
because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable Issuing Bank an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not
so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate applicable to ABR Revolving Facility Loans of the applicable Class. In such event, each Revolving Facility
Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance
from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.05; provided that the amount of any drawing that is not reimbursed on the Honor Date shall bear interest at the rate applicable to ABR Revolving
Facility Loans from and including the date of drawing to but excluding the date such amount becomes an Unreimbursed Amount. 

(iv) Until each Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility funds its Revolving Facility Loan or L/C
Advance pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders Revolving Facility Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of
such Issuing Bank. 

(v) Each Revolving Facility Lenders obligation to make Revolving Facility Loans or L/C Advances
to reimburse the Issuing Banks for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.05(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against any Issuing Bank, the Borrower or any other person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or
condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Revolving Facility Lenders obligation to make Revolving Facility Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the conditions set
forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Borrowing Request). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any Issuing Bank for the amount of any payment
made by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 

91 

(vi) If any Revolving Facility Lender fails to make available to the
Administrative Agent for the account of an Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(ii), then, without limiting the
other provisions of this Agreement, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the
date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by such Issuing Bank in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank
compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such Issuing Bank in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid (minus the
foregoing interest and fees) shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Facility Loan included in the relevant Revolving Facility Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of an Issuing
Bank submitted to any Revolving Facility Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.05(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Repayment of Participations. 

(i) At any time after an Issuing Bank has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving
Facility Lender such Lenders L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.05(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such Issuing Bank any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or
interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Revolving Facility Percentage thereof
in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of an Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 9.22 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Issuing Bank in its
discretion), each Revolving Facility Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Revolving Facility Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of
such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations
and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the relevant Issuing
Bank for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the
following: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan
Document; 

92 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other
right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), such Issuing Bank or any other
person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent,
invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 

(iv) waiver by such Issuing Bank of any requirement that exists for such Issuing Banks protection and not the protection
of the Borrower or any waiver by such Issuing Bank which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 

(v) honor of
a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 

(vi) any payment made by such Issuing Bank in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the
expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP or other applicable rules or the express terms of the Letter of Credit, as
applicable; 

(vii) any payment by such Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or
certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by such Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit to any person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising
in connection with any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 

(viii) any other circumstance or happening
whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of
any claim of noncompliance with the Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the relevant Issuing Bank. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the relevant Issuing
Bank and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

93 

(f) Role of Issuing Banks. Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any
drawing under a Letter of Credit, other than in respect of any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit, no Issuing Bank shall have any responsibility to obtain any document or to ascertain or inquire as to
the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the person executing or delivering any such document. None of the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant
or assignee of the Issuing Banks shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Facility Lenders or the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, as
applicable, under the applicable Revolving Facility; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or
instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that
this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the Issuing Banks, the Administrative
Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any Issuing Bank shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 2.05(e);
provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against an Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any
direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by such Issuing Banks willful misconduct or gross negligence, or such Issuing Banks willful failure to pay under any
Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of documents strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each Issuing Bank may accept documents that
appear on their face to be in compliance with the terms of the Letter of Credit, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no Issuing Bank shall be responsible for the validity or
sufficiency of any instrument transferring or purporting to transfer a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. Any Issuing Bank may
send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means
of communicating with a beneficiary. 

(g) Applicability of ISP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the relevant Issuing Bank and
the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall be stated therein to apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Issuing
Bank shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and no Issuing Banks rights and remedies against the Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is
required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including any Requirements of Law or any order of a jurisdiction where such Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or in the
decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade (BAFT), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of
Credit chooses such law or practice. 

(h) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and
the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

94 

(i) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of
Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of
Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such
subsidiaries. 

(j) Cash Collateralization Following Certain Events. If and when the Borrower is required to Cash Collateralize any
Revolving L/C Exposure relating to any outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to any of Section 2.11(d), 2.11(e), 2.24(a)(v) or 7.01, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with or at the direction of the Collateral Agent, in the name of the
Collateral Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Facility Lenders under each Revolving Facility, an amount in cash equal to 102% of the Revolving L/C Exposure under such Revolving Facility as of such date plus any accrued but unpaid
interest thereon (or, in the case of Sections 2.11(d), 2.11(e) and 2.24(a)(v), the portion thereof required by such sections). Each deposit of Cash Collateral (x) made pursuant to this paragraph or (y) made by the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 2.24(a)(ii), in each case, shall be held by the Collateral Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Collateral Agent shall have exclusive dominion and
control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Borrower hereby grants the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in such account. Such deposits shall not bear interest. Moneys
in such account shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any disbursements under any Letter of Credit for which such Issuing Bank has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the
satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the Revolving L/C Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with Revolving L/C Exposure representing greater
than 50% of the total Revolving L/C Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Loan Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default or the existence of a
Defaulting Lender or the occurrence of a limit under Section 2.11(d) or (e) being exceeded, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of
Default have been cured or waived or the termination of the Defaulting Lender status or the limits under Sections 2.11(d) and (e) no longer being exceeded, as applicable. 

(k) Additional Issuing Banks. From time to time, the Borrower may by notice to the Administrative Agent designate any Revolving
Facility Lender (in addition to the initial Issuing Banks) which agrees (in its sole discretion) to act in such capacity and is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as an Issuing Bank. Each such additional Issuing Bank shall execute a
counterpart of this Agreement upon the approval of the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and shall thereafter be an Issuing Bank hereunder for all purposes. 

95 

(l) Reporting. Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing
Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates) shall (i) provide to the Administrative Agent copies of any notice received from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.05(b) no later than the next Business Day after receipt
thereof (or, if earlier, the time specified thereon) and (ii) report in writing to the Administrative Agent (A) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of
such issuance, amendment or extension, and the aggregate amount of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof
changed), and the Issuing Bank shall be permitted to issue, amend or extend such Letter of Credit if the Administrative Agent shall not have advised the Issuing Bank that such issuance, amendment or extension would not be in conformity with the
requirements of this Agreement, (B) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any disbursement under any Letter of Credit, the date of such disbursement and the amount of such disbursement and (C) on any other Business Day,
such other information with respect to the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 

(m) Amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference to an amount in this Section 2.05 that describes an obligation
in respect of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar amount or the Permitted Foreign Currency amount, as applicable. 

Section 2.06. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds
by 12:00 noon, Local Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided, that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative
Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower as specified in the applicable Borrowing Request; provided, that Borrowings made to finance the
reimbursement of any disbursement under any Letter of Credit and reimbursements as provided in Section 2.05(c) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans
(or, in the case of any Borrowing of ABR Loans, prior to 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent
may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with clause (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender
has not in fact made its share of the Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount with interest thereon, for each day
from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (A) the Federal Funds
Rate and (B) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate then applicable to ABR Loans of
the applicable Class. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. The foregoing shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have
against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

96 

Section 2.07. Interest Elections. 

(a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type, and under the applicable Class, specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the
case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term
SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably
among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.07 shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.07, the Borrower shall not be permitted to change the Class of any Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or
irrevocable written notice), by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type and Class resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such
election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic means to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section 2.07 shall not be construed to permit the Borrower to (i) elect an Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (ii) convert any
Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under the Class of Commitments or Loans pursuant to which such Borrowing was made. 

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to
different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to
such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any
such Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. If less than all the outstanding principal
amount of any Borrowing shall be converted or continued, then each resulting Borrowing shall be in an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum and satisfy the limitations specified in Section 2.02(c)
regarding the maximum number of Borrowings of the relevant Type. 

97 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent
shall advise each Lender to which such Interest Election Request relates of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest
Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the written request (including a request through electronic means) of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no
outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the then current Interest Period. 

Section 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 

(a) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Facility Commitments of each Class shall automatically and permanently terminate on the
applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date for such Class. On the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (after giving effect to the establishment or funding, as applicable, of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans to be provided on such date),
the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments of each Term Lender with an Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitment as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date will automatically and permanently terminate. 

(b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class; provided,
that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000 (or, if less, the remaining amount of the Revolving Facility
Commitments of such Class) and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Facility Loans in accordance with
Section 2.11 and any Cash Collateralization of Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.05(j), as applicable, the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class (excluding any Cash Collateralized Letter of Credit, to the extent so
Cash Collateralized) would exceed the total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class. 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the
Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class under clause (b) of this Section 2.08 at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or
reduction (or such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the
contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be irrevocable; provided, that a notice of termination or reduction of the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class delivered by the
Borrower may state that such 

98 

notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures or similar agreements or other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by
notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made
ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class. 

Section 2.09. Repayment of Loans;
Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promise to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each
Revolving Facility Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Facility Loan on the Revolving Facility Maturity Date applicable to such Revolving Facility Loans, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the
then unpaid principal amount of each Term Loan of such Lender as provided in Section 2.10 and (iii) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan made under any Revolving Facility on the Revolving Facility
Maturity Date for such Revolving Facility; provided, that on each date that a Revolving Facility Borrowing is made by the Borrower, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding. 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to
such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Facility,
Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) any amount
received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made
in the accounts maintained pursuant to clause (b) or (c) of this Section 2.09 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided, that the failure of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note (a Note). In such event, the Borrower
shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, or in another form approved
by such Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in their sole discretion. Thereafter, unless otherwise agreed to by the applicable Lender, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after
assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if requested by such payee, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

99 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Term Loans and Revolving Facility Loans and Prepayment
Procedures. 

(a) Subject to the other clauses of this Section 2.10 and to Section 9.08(e), 

(i) the Borrower shall repay principal of outstanding Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans on the last Business Day of each
March, June, September and December of each year (commencing on the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2025) and on the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as an
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Installment Date), in an aggregate principal amount of Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans equal to (i) for each Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Installment Date
prior to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans incurred on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and (ii) in the case of such payment
due on the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, an amount equal to the then unpaid principal amount of such Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans outstanding; 

(ii) in the event that any Other Term Loans are made, the Borrower shall repay such Other Term Loans on the dates and in the
amounts set forth in the related Incremental Assumption Agreement, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment (each such date being referred to as an Other Term Loan Installment Date); and 

(iii) to the extent not previously paid, all outstanding Term Loans shall be due and payable on the applicable Term Facility
Maturity Date. 

(b) To the extent not previously paid, all outstanding Revolving Facility Loans and Swingline Loans shall be due and
payable on the applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date. 

(c) Any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)
or Section 2.11(c) shall be applied so that the aggregate amount of such prepayment is allocated among the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and the Other Term Loans, if any, pro rata based on the aggregate principal amount of
outstanding Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and Other Term Loans, if any, to reduce amounts due on the succeeding Term Loan Installment Dates for such Classes in direct order of maturity thereof; provided, that, subject to the pro
rata application to Loans outstanding within any respective Class of Loans, with respect to mandatory prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(1) and 2.11(c), any Class of Other Term Loans may receive less than its
pro rata share thereof (so long as the amount by which its pro rata share exceeds the amount actually applied to such Class is applied to repay (on a pro rata basis) the outstanding Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
and any other Classes of then outstanding Other Term Loans, in each case to the extent the respective Class receiving less than its pro rata share has consented thereto). Any optional prepayments of the Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.11(a) shall be applied to the remaining installments of the Term Loans under the applicable Class or Classes as the Borrower may in each case direct. 

100 

Prior to any prepayment of any Loan under any Facility hereunder, the Borrower shall select
the Borrowing or Borrowings under the applicable Facility to be prepaid and shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by electronic means) of such
selection not later than (i) 10:00 a.m., Local Time, in the case of an ABR Borrowing or any Swingline Loan, on the scheduled date of such prepayment and (ii) 2:00 p.m., Local Time, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, at least three
(3) Business Days before the scheduled date of such prepayment (or, in each case, such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and Swingline Lender, if applicable)). Each such notice shall be irrevocable; provided, that a
notice of prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures or similar agreements or other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the
Administrative Agent (and Swingline Lender, if applicable) on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Each repayment of a Borrowing (x) in the case of the Revolving Facility of any Class, shall be applied
to the Revolving Facility Loans included in the repaid Borrowing such that each Revolving Facility Lender receives its ratable share of such repayment (based upon its respective Revolving Facility Percentage of such Class at the time of such
repayment) and (y) in all other cases, shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the repaid Borrowing. All repayments of Loans shall be accompanied by (1) accrued interest on the amount repaid to the extent required by
Section 2.13(d) and (2) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. In connection with any prepayment of any Loan of any Lender hereunder that would otherwise occur from the proceeds of new Loans being funded hereunder on the
date of such prepayment, if agreed to by the Borrower and such Lender in a writing provided to the Administrative Agent, the portion of the existing Loan of such Lender that would otherwise be prepaid on such date may instead be converted on a
cashless roll basis into a like principal amount of the new Loans being funded on such date. 

(d) The Borrower shall notify
the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(1) or 2.11(c) at least four (4) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall
specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Term Lender of the contents of any such prepayment notice and of such Term
Lenders ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lenders pro rata share of each relevant Class of the Term Loans). Any Term Lender (a Declining Term Lender) may elect, by delivering written notice
to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day after the date of such Term Lenders receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment, that the full amount of any mandatory
prepayment otherwise required to be made with respect to the Term Loans held by such Term Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(1) or 2.11(c) not be made (the aggregate amount of such prepayments declined by the Declining Term Lenders, the
Declined Prepayment Amount). If a Term Lender fails to deliver notice setting forth such rejection of a prepayment to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such notice fails to specify the principal
amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. Any Declined Prepayment Amount which would otherwise have been applied to such Term Loans of the
Declining Term Lenders shall instead be retained by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may, at its option, apply any amounts retained in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence to prepay loans in accordance with
Section 2.11(a) below. 

101 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Loan in whole or in part, without premium or penalty
(but subject to Section 2.12(d), Section 2.12(e) and Section 2.16 and subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.10(c)), in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and
not less than $1,000,000 or, if less, the amount outstanding, subject to prior notice in accordance with the first sentence of Section 2.10(d). 

(b) Following the Closing Date, the Borrower shall make a prepayment in an amount equal to (1) the amount of all Net Proceeds (other than
Net Proceeds of the kind described in the following clause (2)) within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof to prepay Term Loans in accordance with clauses (c) and (d) of Section 2.10; and (2) the amount of all Net
Proceeds from any issuance or incurrence of Refinancing Notes, Refinancing Term Loans and Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments (other than solely by means of extending or renewing then existing Refinancing Notes, Refinancing Term Loans and
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments without resulting in any Net Proceeds) no later than three (3) Business Days after the date on which such Refinancing Notes, Refinancing Term Loans and Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments are
issued or incurred, to prepay Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitments in accordance with Section 2.23 and the definition of Refinancing Notes (as applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 2.11(b) or elsewhere in this Agreement, to the extent that (A) any or all of the Net Proceeds from any Foreign Subsidiary are prohibited by any Requirement of Law from being loaned, distributed or otherwise transferred to Borrower
(provided that the Borrower and such Subsidiary shall take all commercially reasonable actions available under local law to permit such repatriation or to remove such prohibitions) or any Domestic Subsidiary or materially adverse consequences
(including Tax consequences) to the Borrower or any Subsidiary (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) would result therefrom or (B) any or all of the Net Proceeds received by a Subsidiary other than a Guarantor are prohibited from being
transferred to the Borrower for application in accordance with this Section 2.11(b) by any applicable organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement, or similar agreement or any other contractual obligation with an
unaffiliated third party (including any agreement governing Indebtedness) that was not created in contemplation of such event resulting in Net Proceeds, then in each case the portion of such Net Proceeds so affected will not be required to be
applied at the times provided in this Section 2.11(b) but may be retained by the applicable Subsidiary or applied in any other manner not prohibited by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be required to
repatriate cash held at a Foreign Subsidiary in order to make a required mandatory prepayment; provided that, for the sake of clarity, this sentence shall not impact the obligation of the Borrower to make any such prepayment. 

(c) Not later than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the annual financial statements are, or are required to be, delivered
under Section 5.04(a) with respect to each Excess Cash Flow Period, the Borrower shall calculate the Excess Cash Flow of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Excess Cash Flow Period and the Borrower shall apply an amount to prepay Term
Loans equal to (i) the Required Percentage of such Excess Cash Flow minus (without duplication of any amount deducted from Consolidated Net Income in calculating Excess Cash Flow for such period), (ii) to the extent not financed using
the proceeds of funded Indebtedness 

102 

(other than revolving indebtedness), the sum of (a) the amount of any voluntary payments of Term Loans and amounts used to repurchase outstanding principal of Term Loans during such Excess
Cash Flow Period pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.25 (it being understood that the amount of any such payments pursuant to Section 2.25 shall be calculated to equal the amount of cash used to repay principal and not the
principal amount deemed prepaid therewith), (b) the amount of any voluntary payments of Revolving Facility Loans to the extent that Revolving Facility Commitments are terminated or reduced pursuant to Section 2.08 by the amount of such
payments, (c) the amount used to fund voluntary prepayments, voluntary repurchases or voluntary redemptions of any other Indebtedness, in each case to the extent secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations under this Agreement
(other than Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility except to the extent there is a corresponding reduction in the commitments thereunder), (d) redemptions or repurchases of the Borrowers 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2026 (other
than any such redemptions or repurchases funded with the proceeds of equity), (e) the amount of Capital Expenditures made in cash during such period by (or committed during such period to be used for such purposes within the succeeding twelve-month
period, subject to reversal of such deduction if any such committed amount is not actually expended within such twelve-month period) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (f) the aggregate amount of cash consideration paid by the Borrower and
the Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) in connection with Investments (including acquisitions) made during such period (or committed during such period to be used for such purposes within the succeeding twelve-month period, subject to reversal
of such deduction if any such committed amount is not actually expended within such twelve-month period) pursuant to Section 6.04 to the extent that such Investments were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and the
Subsidiaries, plus, in the case of clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, at the option of the Borrower and without duplication of any amounts previously deducted under this clause (ii), the amount of any such voluntary payments, voluntary
repurchases or voluntary redemptions of such Indebtedness after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period but before the date of prepayment under this clause (c). Such calculation will be set forth in a certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the
Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent setting forth the amount, if any, of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year, the amount of any required prepayment in respect thereof and the calculation thereof in reasonable detail. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2.11(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement, to the extent that (A) any or all of Excess Cash Flow that is attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary is prohibited by any Requirement of Law from being loaned,
distributed or otherwise transferred to Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary (provided that the Borrower and such Subsidiary shall take all commercially reasonable actions available under local law to permit such repatriation or to remove such
prohibitions) or materially adverse Tax consequences (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) would result therefrom or (B) any or all of the Excess Cash Flow that is attributable to a Subsidiary other than a Guarantor are prohibited from
being transferred to the Borrower for application in accordance with this Section 2.11(c) by any applicable organizational documents, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement, or similar agreement or any other contractual obligation with
an unaffiliated third party (including any agreement governing Indebtedness), then the portion of such Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied at the times provided in this Section 2.11(c) but may be retained by the
applicable Subsidiary or applied in any other manner not prohibited by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be required to repatriate cash held at a Foreign Subsidiary in order to make a required mandatory
prepayment; provided that, for the sake of clarity, this sentence shall not impact the obligation of the Borrower to make any such prepayment. 

103 

(d) In the event (other than as a result of any revaluation of the Dollar Equivalent of the
Revolving Facility Credit Exposure on any Revaluation Date) that the aggregate amount of Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds the total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving
Facility Borrowings and/or Swingline Borrowings of such Class (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, provide Cash Collateral in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.05(j)) in an aggregate amount equal to such
excess. In addition, if solely as a result of changes in the exchange rate of any Permitted Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that either (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of
Credit Sublimit or (ii) the Dollar Equivalent of the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds the total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class, then in either such case the Borrower shall, at the request of the
Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days of receipt of such notice, provide Cash Collateral in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit denominated in such Permitted Foreign Currency in an aggregate amount such that the applicable exposure
does not exceed the applicable amount set forth above. 

(e) Prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be in accordance with the
procedures specified in clauses (c) and (d) of Section 2.10 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, that Term Lenders may decline such prepayments and the Borrower may retain any Declined Prepayment Amount). 

Section 2.12. Fees. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, on the first Business Day following the end of each
March, June, September and December (commencing on the first such Business Day that is at least three months after the Closing Date) and on the date on which the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class of all the Lenders shall be terminated
as provided herein, a commitment fee (a Commitment Fee) in Dollars on the daily amount of the applicable Available Unused Commitment of such Lender during the preceding quarter (or other period commencing with the Closing Date or
ending with the date on which the last of the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Lender shall be terminated) at a rate equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee. All Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days
elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last) in a year of 360 days. The Commitment Fee due to each Lender shall commence to accrue on the Closing Date and shall cease to accrue on the date on which the last of the Revolving Facility
Commitments of such Lender shall be terminated as provided herein. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay from time to time (i) to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Facility Lender of each Class, on the first Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December (commencing on the first such Business Day that is at least three months
after the Closing Date) and on the date on which the Revolving Facility Commitments of all the Lenders in such Class shall be terminated as provided herein, a fee (an L/C Participation Fee) on such Lenders Revolving
Facility Percentage of the daily average Revolving L/C Exposure (excluding the portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed 

104 

disbursements under any Letter of Credit) of such Class, during the preceding quarter (or other period commencing with the Closing Date or ending with the Revolving Facility Maturity Date or the
date on which the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class shall be terminated; provided, that any such fees accruing after the date on which such Revolving Facility Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand) at the rate per
annum equal to the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Revolving Facility Borrowings of such Class effective for each day in such period, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank, for its own account (x) on the last Business Day of each March, June,
September and December (commencing on the last Business Day of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the Closing Date) and on the date on which the Revolving Facility Commitments of all the Lenders shall be terminated, a fronting fee in Dollars
in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the termination of such Letter of Credit, computed at a rate of 0.125% per annum (or
such other rate as may be agreed between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank) of the daily available amount of such Letter of Credit (or such lesser amount as may be acceptable to the Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, or with respect to any
additional Issuing Bank designated in accordance with Section 2.05(k) after the Closing Date, such greater amount as may be agreed with the Borrower), plus (y) in connection with the issuance, amendment, cancellation, document examination,
presentment, renewal, extension or transfer of any such Letter of Credit or any disbursement thereunder, such Issuing Banks customary documentary and processing fees and charges (collectively, Issuing Bank Fees). All L/C
Participation Fees and Issuing Bank Fees that are payable on a per annum basis shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last) in a year of 360 days. 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Administrative Agent, the Administration
Fee as set forth in the applicable Agent Fee Letter, in the amounts, and at the times, specified therein (the Administrative Agent Fees). 

(d) If any Repricing Event occurs prior to the date occurring six (6) months (the Soft Call Date) after the Amendment
No. 2 Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Term Lender with Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans that are subject to such Repricing Event, a fee in an amount equal to 1.00%
of the aggregate principal amount of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans subject to such Repricing Event. Such fees shall be earned, due and payable upon the date of the occurrence of the respective Repricing Event. For the avoidance of
doubt, on and after the Soft Call Date, the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. 

(e) All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and
as appropriate, among the Lenders, except that Issuing Bank Fees shall be paid directly to the applicable Issuing Banks. Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances. 

Section 2.13. Interest. 

(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 

105 

(b) The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at Term SOFR for the
Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or
interest on any Loan or any Fees or other monetary amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment,
at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding clauses of this Section 2.13 or (ii) in the case of any other overdue
monetary amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in clause (a) of this Section; provided, that this clause (c) shall not apply to any Event of Default that has been waived by the Lenders pursuant to
Section 9.08. 

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears (i) on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan,
(ii) in the case of Revolving Facility Loans, upon termination of the applicable Revolving Facility Commitments and (iii) in the case of the Term Loans, on the applicable Term Facility Maturity Date; provided, that (A) interest
accrued pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 2.13 shall be payable on demand, (B) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Revolving Facility Loan that is an ABR Loan that is not made in
conjunction with a permanent commitment reduction), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment, (C) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the
end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion and (D) any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. 

(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the ABR shall
be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable ABR or Term SOFR shall be
determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Section 2.14. Effect of
Benchmark Transition Event. 

(a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. If the Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the
definition of Benchmark Replacement, such Benchmark Replacement will become effective as of the Reference Time on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to,
this Agreement. If the Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, such Benchmark Replacement will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after
the date notice of such Benchmark 

106 

Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such
time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. The parties hereto shall take commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate to ensure that any changes pursuant to this Section 2.14
qualify for either of the safe harbors under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1001-6(b)(2)(ii) (or any successors thereto) or as a modification described in Section 4.02 of Rev. Proc. 2020-44. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative
Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(c) Notices; Standards for
Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any
Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of the Term SOFR Reference Rate pursuant to clause (d) below and (v) the commencement
or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.14 including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may
be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Term SOFR Reference Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
at any time and with respect to any Interest Period, if the Benchmark at such time is the Term SOFR Reference Rate and the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes
such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, the Administrative Agent may (i) modify the definition of Interest Period for all determinations of interest at or after such time to
remove such unavailable tenor and (ii) if the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor is displayed on such screen or information service after its removal pursuant to clause (i) above, modify the definition of Interest
Period for all determinations of interest at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans to be
made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During any Benchmark
Unavailability Period, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark will not be used in any determination of ABR. 

107 

(f) Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Section 2.14: 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark
Replacement has become effective pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 2.14. 

Benchmark
Replacement means, for any Interest Period, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant
Governmental Body at such time or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such rate, or the
underlying rates component thereof, is or are displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate or rates from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided,
further, that notwithstanding the foregoing (x) with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0.00%, the Benchmark
Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00% for the purposes of this Agreement and (y) with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero, the
Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, for any Interest Period: 

(1) for purposes of clause (1) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 

108 

(b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or
zero) that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the Corresponding Tenor; and 

(2) for purposes of clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to
(i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant
Governmental Body at such time or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 

provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that
publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical,
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters)
that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark
Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the
then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

109 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if
the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for
such determination. 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf
of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the
administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark and solely to the extent that the then-current Benchmark has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to
clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the period (x) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark
Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in accordance with this Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark
for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in accordance with this Section 2.14. 

Corresponding
Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the applicable Interest Period with respect to the
then-current Benchmark. 

110 

Daily Simple SOFR means, solely with respect to the
Loans, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (a) if such
SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day,
in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR
without notice to the Borrower. 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 

Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is the
Term SOFR Reference Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such determination, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, four (4) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days preceding the date of such determination and (3) if the Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Bank; or 

(ii) subject
the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to any Tax with respect to any Loan Document (other than (i) Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes indemnifiable under Section 2.17 or (ii) Excluded Taxes); or 

111 

(iii) impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the relevant interbank market
any other condition affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of
any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing
or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, such Lender
or Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Administrative Agent such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that the Borrower
shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 or (z) in the case of any request for
reimbursement under clause (iii) above resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances do not generally affect the banking market or (B) the applicable request has not been made by Lenders constituting Required
Lenders. 

(b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would
have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans or
Commitments made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such
Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company
with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of the certificate contemplated by Section 2.15(c) the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount
or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or
its holding company, as applicable, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided, that any such certificate claiming amounts
described in clause (x) or (y) of the definition of Change in Law shall, in addition, state the basis upon which such amount has been calculated and certify that such Lenders or Issuing Banks demand for payment of such
costs hereunder, and such method of allocation is not inconsistent with its treatment of other borrowers, which as a credit matter, are similarly situated to the Borrower and which are subject to similar provisions. 

(d) Promptly after any Lender or Issuing Bank has determined that it will make a request for increased compensation pursuant to this
Section 2.15, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower thereof. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such
Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided, that the Borrower shall not be 

112 

required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or
Issuing Bank, as applicable, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; provided, further,
that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term SOFR Loan other than
on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10 or 2.11), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of
the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (whether or not such notice may be revoked under
Section 2.10(c)) or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower
shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16
shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 

Section 2.17. Taxes. 

(a) All payments made by or on behalf of a Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and
without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes; provided that if a Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other applicable Withholding Agent shall be required by any applicable Requirement of Law to deduct or withhold
any Taxes from such payments, then (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions or withholdings as are reasonably determined by the applicable Withholding Agent to be required by any applicable Requirement of Law,
(ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority within the time allowed and in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, and (iii) to the extent
withholding or deduction is required to be made on account of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by the Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions and withholdings have been made (including
deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as applicable, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings
been made. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes are payable by a Loan Party, as promptly as possible thereafter, such Loan Party shall send to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the account of a Lender, as the case may be,
a copy of an official receipt issued by the relevant Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender,
as applicable. Without duplication, after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the
Administrative 

113 

Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, a copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by applicable
Requirements of Law to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 

(b) Without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a), the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes imposed on or incurred
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) The Borrower
shall, without duplication of any additional amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a)(iii) or any amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.17(b), indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within fifteen
(15) Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as the case may be (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17), and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount of such
payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or by the Administrative Agent (as applicable) on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower
is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time(s) and in the manner(s) prescribed by applicable
law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without
withholding or at a reduced rate. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will enable the Borrower to determine
whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than
such documentation set forth in paragraphs (d)(i), (ii)(A), (ii)(B), (ii)(C), (ii)(D), and (iii), and paragraph (f) of this Section 2.17) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or
submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

Each person that shall become a Participant pursuant to Section 9.04 or a Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 shall, upon the
effectiveness of the related transfer, be required to provide all the forms and statements required pursuant to this Section 2.17(d) and Section 2.17(f); provided that a Participant shall furnish all such required forms and
statements only to the participating Lender. 

(i) Each Lender and Administrative Agent that is a U.S. Person shall deliver,
at the time(s) and in the manner prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower, to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as applicable), properly completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form W-9 or any successor form, certifying that such person is exempt from U.S. backup withholding Tax on payments made hereunder. 

114 

(ii) Without limiting the foregoing, 

any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
(in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(A) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign
Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the person treated as its owner for such purposes) eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with
respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E, whichever is applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax
treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, whichever is applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax
treaty; 

(B) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI with respect to
such Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, with respect to the person treated as its owner for such purposes); 

(C) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, the person treated as its owner for such purposes) entitled to the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10-percent shareholder of
the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower, as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate) and (y) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, whichever is
applicable; 

115 

(D) to the extent a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the person treated as its owner for such purposes) is not the beneficial owner of such payments, duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W- 8IMY,
accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, whichever is
applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form
W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; or 

(E) executed copies of
any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable
Requirements of Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 

(iii) The Administrative Agent and each Lender (A) shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any
change in circumstance that would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (B) agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 2.17 expires or becomes inaccurate in any
respect, it shall promptly (x) update such form or certification or (y) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(iv) On or before the date that each applicable Administrative Agent (and any successor or replacement Administrative Agent)
becomes the Administrative Agent hereunder, it shall deliver to the Borrower a duly completed and executed copy of either (i) IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) or (ii) a U.S. branch withholding
certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form) evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender) and IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) (with respect to amounts received on its own account), with the effect that, in any case, the Borrower will be entitled to make payments hereunder to the Administrative Agent without
withholding or deduction on account of U.S. federal withholding Tax. 

(e) If any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
determines in good faith that it has received a refund of an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax for which a payment has been made by a Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, which refund in the good faith judgment of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, is attributable to such payment made by such Loan Party, then the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall reimburse the Loan Party for such amount (net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, and without interest other than any interest received thereon from the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) as the Lender or Administrative Agent, as the case may be, determines in good faith to the be the portion of the refund as will leave it, after such reimbursement, in no better or worse position
(taking into account expenses or any Taxes imposed on the refund) than it would have been in if the Indemnified Tax or Other Tax giving rise to such refund had not been 

116 

imposed in the first instance; provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of the Lender or the Administrative Agent agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus any
penalties, interest (solely with respect to the time period during which the Loan Party actually held such funds, except to the extent that the refund was initially claimed at the written request of such Loan Party) or other charges imposed by the
relevant Governmental Authority) to the Lender or the Administrative Agent in the event the Lender or the Administrative Agent is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. In such event, such Lender or the Administrative Agent,
as the case may be, shall, at the Borrowers request, provide the Borrower with a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence of the requirement to repay such refund received from the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that
such Lender or the Administrative Agent may delete any information therein that it deems confidential). A Lender or the Administrative Agent shall claim any refund that it determines is available to it, unless it concludes in its reasonable
discretion that it would be adversely affected by making such a claim. No Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall be obliged to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan
Party in connection with this clause (e) or any other provision of this Section 2.17. For purposes of this clause (e), all references to refund shall include the monetary benefit of a credit received in lieu of a refund. 

(f) If a payment made to any Lender or any Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding
Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender or such Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender or such Agent shall
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender or Agent has or has not complied with such Lenders or Agents obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for
purposes of this Section 2.17(f), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(g) Each Lender and Agent authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Borrower and to any successor Administrative Agent any
documentation provided by the Lender or Agent to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.17(d) or (f). 

(h) The agreements in
this Section 2.17 and any definitions referenced in this Section 2.17, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable under any Loan Document. 

For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable Requirement
of Law includes FATCA. 

117 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 

(a) Unless otherwise specified (including in Section 2.17(a)), the Borrower shall
make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of any disbursement under any Letter of Credit, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 2:00
p.m., Local Time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without condition or deduction for any defense, recoupment, set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date
may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable
account designated to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16,
2.17 and 9.05 shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest,
interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments made under the Loan Documents shall be made in Dollars. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the
time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative
Agent to make such payment. 

(b) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or
counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of, or interest on, any of its Term Loans, Revolving Facility Loans or participations in any disbursement under any Letter of Credit or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender
receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Term Loans, Revolving Facility Loans and participations in any disbursement under any Letter of Credit and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion
received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Term Loans, Revolving Facility Loans and participations in any disbursement under any Letter of Credit and
Swingline Loans of such Class of such other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the principal amount of each such Lenders respective Term
Loans, Revolving Facility Loans and participations in any disbursement under any Letter of Credit and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon; provided, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the
payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and (ii) the provisions of this clause (b) shall not be construed to apply to
any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in
any disbursement under any Letter of Credit to any assignee or participant. The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the
foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of
such participation. 

118 

(c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to
the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has
made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the relevant Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made
such payment, then each of the relevant Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon,
for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(d) Subject to Section 2.24, if any Lender shall fail to make any payment required
to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(b), 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06, or 2.18(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral
for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section; in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or
any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or mitigate the applicability of Section 2.20 or any event that gives rise to the operation of Section 2.20, then such Lender shall use reasonable
efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such
designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, as applicable, in the future or mitigate the applicability of Section 2.20 or any event that gives rise to the
operation of Section 2.20 and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender
requests compensation under Section 2.15 (in excess of that being charged by other Lenders under the applicable Facility) or gives notice under Section 2.20, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 (in a material amount in excess of that being charged by other Lenders), or (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense
and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require any 

119 

such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under the Loan
Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided, that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative
Agent (and, if in respect of any Revolving Facility Commitment, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank), to the extent consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, which consent,
in each case, shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in any disbursement under any Letter of Credit and Swingline Loans,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case
of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15, payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 or a notice given under Section 2.20, such assignment will result in a reduction in such
compensation or payments and (iv) such assignment does not conflict with any applicable Requirement of Law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Nothing in this Section 2.19 shall be deemed to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender that is a
Defaulting Lender. No action by or consent of the removed Lender shall be necessary in connection with such assignment, which shall be immediately and automatically effective upon payment of such purchase price. In connection with any such
assignment the Borrower, Administrative Agent, such removed Lender and the replacement Lender shall otherwise comply with Section 9.04, provided, that if such removed Lender does not comply with Section 9.04 within one Business Day
after the Borrowers request, compliance with Section 9.04 (but only on the part of the removed Lender) shall not be required to effect such assignment. 

(c) If any Lender (such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender) has failed to consent to a
proposed amendment, waiver or consent which pursuant to the terms of Section 9.08 requires the consent of all Lenders or all of the Lenders adversely affected and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their consent, then
the Borrower shall have the right (unless such Non-Consenting Lender grants such consent) at its sole expense (including with respect to the processing and recordation fee referred to in
Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C)) to replace such Non-Consenting Lender by requiring such Non-Consenting Lender to (and any such
Non-Consenting Lender agrees that it shall, upon the Borrowers request) assign its Loans and its Commitments (or, at the Borrowers option, the Loans and Commitments under the Facility that is the
subject of the proposed amendment, waiver or consent) hereunder to one or more assignees reasonably acceptable to (i) the Administrative Agent (unless, in the case of a Term Loan, such assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
Approved Fund) and (ii) if in respect of any Revolving Facility Commitment, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank; provided, that: (i) all Loan Obligations of the Borrower owing to such
Non-Consenting Lender being replaced in respect of the assigned interest shall be paid in full in same day funds to such Non-Consenting Lender concurrently with such
assignment, (ii) the replacement Lender shall purchase the foregoing by paying to such Non-Consenting Lender a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon and the
Borrower shall pay any amount required by Section 2.12(d), if applicable, and (iii) the replacement Lender shall grant its consent with respect to the applicable 

120 

proposed amendment, waiver or consent. No action by or consent of the Non-Consenting Lender shall be necessary in connection with such assignment, which
shall be immediately and automatically effective upon payment of such purchase price. In connection with any such assignment the Borrower, Administrative Agent, such Non-Consenting Lender and the replacement
Lender shall otherwise comply with Section 9.04; provided, that if such Non-Consenting Lender does not comply with Section 9.04 within one Business Day after the Borrowers request,
compliance with Section 9.04 (but only on the part of the Non-Consenting Lender) shall not be required to effect such assignment. 

Section 2.20. Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any
Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund any Term SOFR Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR, or any
Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the
Administrative Agent, (i) any obligations of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Borrowings to Term SOFR Borrowings shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or
maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the ABR, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative
Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the ABR, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice,
(x) the Borrower shall upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), convert all Term SOFR Borrowings of such Lender to ABR Borrowings (the interest rate on such ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid
such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the ABR), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Borrowings
to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent
shall during the period of such suspension compute the ABR applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such
Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 

Section 2.21. Incremental Commitments. 

(a) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or
Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, as applicable, in an amount not to exceed the Incremental Amount available at the time such Incremental Term Loans are funded or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments are established from one or more
Incremental Term Lenders and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Lenders (which, in each case, may include any existing Lender) willing to provide such Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, as the case may be, in
their sole discretion (and no approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if 

121 

any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments shall be required); provided, that each Incremental
Revolving Facility Lender providing a commitment to make revolving loans shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and, to the extent the same would be required for an assignment under Section 9.04, each Issuing Bank and the
Swingline Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Such notice shall set forth (i) the amount of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments being requested
(which shall be in minimum increments of $1,000,000 and a minimum amount of $5,000,000, or equal to the remaining Incremental Amount or, in each case, such lesser amount approved by the Administrative Agent), (ii) the date on which such Incremental
Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments are requested to become effective and (iii) in the case of Incremental Term Loan Commitments, whether such Incremental Term Loan Commitments are to be (x) commitments
to make term loans with terms identical to (and which shall together with any then outstanding Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans form a single Class of) Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans or (y) commitments to make term loans
with pricing, maturity, amortization, participation in mandatory prepayments and/or other terms different from the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans (Other Incremental Term Loans). 

(b) The Borrower and each Incremental Term Lender and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent an Incremental Assumption Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Incremental Term Loan Commitment of such Incremental Term Lender and/or Incremental Revolving Facility
Commitment of such Incremental Revolving Facility Lender. Each Incremental Assumption Agreement shall specify the terms of the applicable Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments; provided, that: 

(i) any (x) commitments to make additional Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans shall have the same terms as the
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, and shall form part of the same Class as the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and (y) Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments shall have the same terms as the then outstanding
Class of Revolving Facility Commitments (or, if more than one Class of Revolving Facility Commitments is then outstanding, the Revolving Facility Commitments with the then latest Revolving Facility Maturity Date) and shall require no
scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reduction prior to the Maturity Date of all then outstanding Revolving Facility Commitments, 

(ii) the Other Incremental Term Loans incurred pursuant to this Section 2.21 shall be entitled to benefit from the same
guarantees as, and shall be entitled to be secured on a pari passu or junior basis by the same Collateral securing the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans (subject, in the case of any Incremental Term Loans secured on a junior basis, to a
customary and reasonably satisfactory Intercreditor Agreement), 

122 

(iii) except in the case of a bridge loan the terms of which provide for an
automatic extension of the maturity date thereof to a date that is not earlier than the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, the final maturity date of any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Amendment No. 2
Initial Term Loan Maturity Date in effect at the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans and, subject to clause (i) above, except as to pricing, amortization, final maturity date and participation in mandatory prepayments (which
shall, subject to the other clauses of this proviso, be determined by the Borrower and the Incremental Term Lenders in their sole discretion), shall have terms that are reasonably satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative Agent to the
extent that such terms, except to the extent set forth above or below, are not substantially similar to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans; provided, that any terms (x) that are added for the benefit of the Amendment No. 2
Initial Term Lenders and the Revolving Facility Lenders pursuant to an amendment hereto (with no consent of the Lenders being required) or (y) that are only applicable to periods after the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date,
in each case, shall be deemed reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 

(iv) except in the case of a bridge
loan the terms of which provide for an automatic extension of the maturity date thereof to a date that is not earlier than the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Loans
that are not Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, 

(v) with respect to any Incremental Term Loan secured on a pari passu basis with the Loan Obligations, the All-in Yield shall be as agreed by the respective Incremental Term Lenders and the Borrowers, except that during the first six (6) months following the Closing Date, the
All-in Yield in respect of any such Incremental Term Loan that is a broadly syndicated term loan B (other than any Excluded Incremental Facility) may exceed the
All-in Yield in respect of the Initial Term Loans by no more than 0.50%, or if it does so exceed such All-in Yield (such difference, the Term Yield
Differential) then the Applicable Margin (or the Term SOFR floor as provided in the following proviso) applicable to such Initial Term Loans shall be increased such that after giving effect to such increase, the Term Yield
Differential shall not exceed 0.50%; provided, that to the extent any portion of the Term Yield Differential is attributable to a higher Term SOFR floor being applicable to such Incremental Term Loans, such floor shall only be
included in the calculation of the Term Yield Differential to the extent such floor is greater than Term SOFR in effect for an Interest Period of three months duration at such time, and, with respect to such excess, the Term SOFR
floor applicable to the outstanding Initial Term Loans shall be increased to an amount not to exceed the Term SOFR floor applicable to such Incremental Term Loans prior to any increase in the Applicable Margin applicable to such
Initial Term Loans then outstanding (this clause (v), the MFN Provision),

(vi) such Other Incremental
Term Loans may require participation on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not a greater than pro rata basis) with the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans in any mandatory prepayment hereunder (other than as
provided otherwise in the case of such prepayments pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(2)), 

(vii) such Other Incremental Term
Loans may require participation on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans in any voluntary prepayment hereunder, 

123 

(viii) there shall be no borrower (other than the Borrower) or guarantor
(other than the Guarantors) in respect of any Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, 

(ix) any Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment will be documented solely as an increase to the commitments with respect to
the Revolving Facility Commitments, without any change in terms except for such upfront fees as may be agreed between the Lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments and the Borrower; and 

(x) Other Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments shall not be secured by any asset of the
Borrower or its Subsidiaries other than the Collateral. 

Each party hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Incremental Assumption
Agreement, this Agreement shall be amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments evidenced thereby as provided
for in Section 9.08(e). Any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document that is necessary to effect the provisions of this Section 2.21 and any such collateral and other documentation shall be deemed Loan Documents
hereunder and may be memorialized in writing by the Administrative Agent with the Borrowers consent (not to be unreasonably withheld) and furnished to the other parties hereto. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incremental Term Loan Commitment or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment shall become effective
under this Section 2.21 unless (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, that in the event that any tranche of Incremental Term Loans is used to finance a Limited Condition Transaction, (A) to the
extent the Incremental Term Lenders participating in such tranche of Incremental Term Loans agree, the foregoing clause (i) shall be tested at the time of the execution of the acquisition agreement, the declaration of the dividend by the Board
of Directors of the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary or the giving of the irrevocable notice of repayment or redemption, as applicable related to such Limited Condition Transaction and (B) no Event of Default shall exist under
Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) at the time such Incremental Term Loans are incurred; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than
to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct); provided, that in the event that the tranche of Incremental Term Loans is used to
finance a Limited Condition Transaction and to the extent the Incremental Term Lenders participating in such tranche of Incremental Term Loans agree, the foregoing clause (ii) shall be limited to the Specified Representations (with the
representation in Section 3.18 made on the date of funding of such Incremental Term Loans and after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions on such date in connection therewith) and those representations of
the seller or the target company (as applicable) included in the acquisition agreement related to the person or business to be acquired that are material to the interests of the Lenders and only to the extent that the Borrower or its applicable
Subsidiary has the right to terminate its obligations under such acquisition agreement as a result of a failure of such representations to be accurate; and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and legal opinions
consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date as to such matters as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Incremental Assumption
Agreement. 

124 

(d) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may take any and
all actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that (i) all Incremental Term Loans (other than Other Incremental Term Loans), when originally made, are included in each Borrowing of the outstanding applicable Class of Term Loans on a
pro rata basis, and (ii) all Revolving Facility Loans in respect of Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, when originally made, are included in each Borrowing of the applicable Class of outstanding Revolving Facility Loans on
a pro rata basis. The Borrower agrees that Section 2.16 shall apply to any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to ABR Loans reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to effect the foregoing. 

Section 2.22. Extensions of Loans and Commitments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, including Section 2.18(b) (which provisions shall not be applicable to
this Section 2.22), pursuant to one or more offers made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders of any Class of Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitments on a pro rata basis (based, in the case of an offer to the
Lenders under any Class of Term Loans, on the aggregate outstanding Term Loans of such Class and, in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Revolving Facility, on the aggregate outstanding Revolving Facility Commitments under such
Revolving Facility, as applicable), and on the same terms to each such Lender (Pro Rata Extension Offers), the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate transactions with individual Lenders that agree to such transactions from
time to time to extend the maturity date of such Lenders Loans and/or Commitments of such Class and to otherwise modify the terms of such Lenders Loans and/or Commitments of such Class pursuant to the terms of the relevant Pro
Rata Extension Offer (including, without limitation, increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Lenders Loans and/or Commitments and/or modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Lenders Loans). For the
avoidance of doubt, the reference to on the same terms in the preceding sentence shall mean, (i) in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Class of Term Loans, that all of the Term Loans of such Class are offered to
be extended for the same amount of time and that the interest rate changes and fees payable with respect to such extension are the same and (ii) in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Revolving Facility, that all of the Revolving
Facility Commitments of such Facility are offered to be extended for the same amount of time and that the interest rate changes and fees payable with respect to such extension are the same. Any such extension (an Extension) agreed
to between the Borrower and any such Lender (an Extending Lender) will be established under this Agreement by implementing an Other Term Loan for such Lender if such Lender is extending an existing Term Loan (such extended Term
Loan, an Extended Term Loan) or an Other Revolving Facility Commitment for such Lender if such Lender is extending an existing Revolving Facility Commitment (such extended Revolving Facility Commitment, an Extended
Revolving Facility Commitment, and any Revolving Facility Loan made pursuant to such Extended Revolving Facility Commitment, an Extended Revolving Loan). Each Pro Rata Extension Offer shall specify the date on
which the Borrower proposes that the Extended Term Loan shall be made or the proposed Extended Revolving Facility Commitment shall become effective, which shall be a date not earlier than five (5) Business Days after the date on which notice is
delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

125 

(b) The Borrower and each Extending Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent an amendment to this Agreement (an Extension Amendment) and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments of
such Extending Lender. Each Extension Amendment shall specify the terms of the applicable Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments; provided, that (i) except as to interest rates, fees and any other pricing
terms, and amortization, final maturity date and participation in prepayments and commitment reductions (which shall, subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this proviso, be determined by the Borrower and set forth in the Pro Rata Extension
Offer), the Extended Term Loans shall have the same terms as the existing Class of Term Loans from which they are extended except for any terms which shall not apply until after the then Latest Maturity Date, (ii) the final maturity date
of any Extended Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Term Facility Maturity Date of the Class of Term Loans subject to such Pro Rata Extension Offer, (iii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no
shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Class of Term Loans to which such offer relates, (iv) except as to interest rates, fees, any other pricing terms and final maturity (which shall be determined by the
Borrower and set forth in the Pro Rata Extension Offer), any Extended Revolving Facility Commitment shall have the same terms as the existing Class of Revolving Facility Commitments from which they are extended except for any terms which shall
not apply until after the then Latest Maturity Date and, in respect of any other terms that would affect the rights or duties of any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, such terms as shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank or Swingline
Lender, and (v) any Extended Term Loans may require participation on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not a greater than pro rata basis) than the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans in any mandatory
prepayment hereunder (other than as provided otherwise in the case of such prepayments pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(2)). Upon the effectiveness of any Extension Amendment, this Agreement shall be amended to the extent (but only to the extent)
necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments evidenced thereby as provided for in Section 9.08(e). Any such deemed amendment may be memorialized in writing by the
Administrative Agent with the Borrowers consent (not to be unreasonably withheld) and furnished to the other parties hereto. If provided in any Extension Amendment with respect to any Extended Revolving Facility Commitments, and with the
consent of the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank, participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to lenders holding such Extended Revolving Facility Commitments in the manner specified in such Extension Amendment,
including upon effectiveness of such Extended Revolving Facility Commitment or upon or prior to the maturity date for any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments. 

(c) Upon the effectiveness of any such Extension, the applicable Extending Lenders Term Loan will be automatically designated an
Extended Term Loan and/or such Extending Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment will be automatically designated an Extended Revolving Facility Commitment. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (i) if such Extending
Lender is extending a Term Loan, such Extending Lender will be deemed to have an Other Term Loan having the terms of such Extended Term Loan and (ii) if such Extending Lender is extending a Revolving Facility Commitment, such Extending Lender
will be deemed to have an Other Revolving Facility Commitment having the terms of such Extended Revolving Facility Commitment. 

126 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document (including without limitation this Section 2.22), (i) no Extended Term Loan or Extended Revolving Facility Commitment is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, (ii) any Extending Lender may extend all or
any portion of its Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitment pursuant to one or more Pro Rata Extension Offers (subject to applicable proration in the case of over participation) (including the extension of any Extended Term Loan and/or
Extended Revolving Facility Commitment), (iii) there shall be no condition to any Extension of any Loan or Commitment at any time or from time to time other than notice to the Administrative Agent of such Extension and the terms of the Extended Term
Loan or Extended Revolving Facility Commitment implemented thereby, (iv) all Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Facility Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Loan Obligations of the relevant Loan Parties under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents that rank equally and ratably in right of security with all other Obligations of the Class being extended (and all other Obligations secured by the same priority of Lien securing the Term Loans or
Revolving Facility Loans being extended), (v) no Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender shall be obligated to provide Swingline Loans or issue Letters of Credit under such Extended Revolving Facility Commitments unless it shall have consented thereto and
(vi) there shall be no borrower (other than the Borrower) and no guarantors (other than the Guarantors) in respect of any such Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments. 

(e) Each Extension shall be consummated pursuant to procedures set forth in the associated Pro Rata Extension Offer; provided, that the
Borrower shall cooperate with the Administrative Agent prior to making any Pro Rata Extension Offer to establish reasonable procedures with respect to mechanical provisions relating to such Extension, including, without limitation, timing, rounding
and other adjustments. 

Section 2.23. Refinancing Amendments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, including Section 2.18(b) (which provisions shall not be applicable to
this Section 2.23), the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent at any time after the Closing Date establish one or more additional tranches of term loans under this Agreement (such loans, Refinancing Term
Loans), all Net Proceeds of which are used to Refinance in whole or in part any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(2). Each such notice shall specify the date (each, a Refinancing Effective Date)
on which the Borrower proposes that the Refinancing Term Loans shall be made, which shall be a date not earlier than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period
agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion); provided, that: 

(i) after giving effect to the
borrowing of such Refinancing Term Loans on the Refinancing Effective Date each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied; 

127 

(ii) the final maturity date of the Refinancing Term Loans shall be no
earlier than the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the refinanced Indebtedness and (y) the Latest Maturity Date in effect at the time of incurrence thereof; 

(iii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Refinancing Term Loans shall be no shorter than the lesser of (x) the
then-remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the refinanced Indebtedness and (y) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Class of Term Loans then outstanding with the greatest remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity; 

(iv) the aggregate principal amount of the Refinancing Term Loans shall not exceed the outstanding principal amount of the
refinanced Indebtedness plus amounts used to pay fees, premiums, costs and expenses (including original issue discount) and accrued interest associated therewith; 

(v) all other terms applicable to such Refinancing Term Loans (other than provisions relating to original issue discount,
upfront fees, interest rates and any other pricing terms and optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment terms, which shall be as agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans) shall be substantially similar to,
or (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) not materially more favorable to the lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans, taken as a whole, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, than the terms applicable to the Term
Loans being refinanced (except to the extent such covenants and other terms (x) apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date, (y) are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (z) reflect market terms
and conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) at the time of incurrence); 

(vi) there shall be no borrower
(other than the Borrower) and no guarantors (other than the Guarantors) in respect of such Refinancing Term Loans; 

(vii)
Refinancing Term Loans shall not be secured by any asset of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than the Collateral; 

(viii) Refinancing Term Loans may participate (x) on a pro rata basis or on a less than pro rata basis (but
not on a greater than pro rata basis) in any mandatory prepayments (other than as provided otherwise in the case of such prepayments pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(2)) hereunder and (y) on a pro rata or on a non-pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayments, as specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment; 

(b) The Borrower may approach any Lender or any other person that would be a permitted Assignee pursuant to Section 9.04 to provide all
or a portion of the Refinancing Term Loans; provided, that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the Refinancing Term Loans may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide a Refinancing Term Loan. Any
Refinancing Term Loans made on any Refinancing Effective Date shall be designated an additional Class of Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement; provided, further, that any Refinancing Term Loans may, to the extent provided
in the applicable Refinancing Amendment governing such Refinancing Term Loans, be designated as an increase in any previously established Class of Term Loans made to the Borrower. 

128 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, including
Section 2.18(b) (which provisions shall not be applicable to this Section 2.23), the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent at any time after the Closing Date establish one or more additional Facilities (each, a
Replacement Revolving Facility) providing for revolving commitments (Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and the revolving loans thereunder, Replacement Revolving Loans), which replace
in whole or in part any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments under this Agreement. Each such notice shall specify the date (each, a Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date) on which the Borrower proposes that the
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments shall become effective, which shall be a date not less than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period agreed to by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided, that: (i) after giving effect to the establishment of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments on the Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date, each of the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied; (ii) after giving effect to the establishment of any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and any concurrent reduction in the aggregate amount of any other Revolving Facility
Commitments, the aggregate amount of Revolving Facility Commitments shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Facility Commitments outstanding immediately prior to the applicable Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date plus
amounts used to pay fees, premiums, costs and expenses (including upfront fees) and accrued interest associated therewith; (iii) no Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments shall have a final maturity date (or require commitment reductions or
amortizations) prior to the Revolving Facility Maturity Date for the Revolving Facility Commitments being replaced; (iv) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Revolving Facility (other than provisions relating to (x) fees,
interest rates and other pricing terms and prepayment and commitment reduction and optional redemption terms which shall be as agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and (y) the
amount of any letter of credit sublimit and swingline commitment under such Replacement Revolving Facility, which shall be as agreed between the Borrower, the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments, the Administrative
Agent and the replacement issuing bank and replacement swingline lender, if any, under such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments) shall be substantially similar to, or (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) not materially more favorable
to the lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans, taken as a whole, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, than the terms applicable to the Revolving Facility Commitments being refinanced (except to the extent such covenants and
other terms (x) apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date, (y) are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (z) reflect market terms and conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) at
the time of incurrence); (v) there shall be no borrower (other than the Borrower) and no guarantors (other than the Guarantors) in respect of such Replacement Revolving Facility; and (vi) Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and
extensions of credit thereunder shall not be secured by any asset of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than the Collateral. In addition, the Borrower may establish Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments to refinance and/or replace all or
any portion of a Term Loan hereunder (regardless of whether such Term Loan is repaid with the proceeds of Replacement Revolving Loans or otherwise), so long as the aggregate amount of such Replacement Revolving

129 

Facility Commitments does not exceed the aggregate amount of Term Loans repaid at the time of establishment thereof plus amounts used to pay fees, premiums, costs and expenses (including upfront
fees) and accrued interest associated therewith (it being understood that such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment may be provided by the Lenders holding the Term Loans being repaid and/or by any other person that would be a permitted Assignee
hereunder) so long as (i) after giving effect to the establishment of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments on the Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied
to the extent required by the relevant agreement governing such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments, (ii) the remaining life to termination of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments shall be no shorter than the Weighted Average
Life to Maturity then applicable to the refinanced Term Loans, (iii) the final termination date of the Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments shall be no earlier than the Term Facility Maturity Date of the refinanced Term Loans,
(iv) such Replacement Revolving Loans shall be secured by Liens on Collateral with the same priority as the Term Loans being refinanced, (v) there shall be no borrower (other than the Borrower) and no guarantors (other than the Guarantors)
in respect of such Replacement Revolving Facility and (vi) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Revolving Facility (other than provisions relating to (x) fees, interest rates and other pricing terms and prepayment and commitment
reduction and optional redemption terms which shall be as agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and (y) the amount of any letter of credit sublimit and swingline commitment under
such Replacement Revolving Facility, which shall be as agreed between the Borrower, the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments, the Administrative Agent and the replacement issuing bank and replacement swingline lender, if
any, under such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments) shall be substantially similar to, or (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) not materially more favorable to the lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans, taken as a whole, as
reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, than the terms applicable to the Revolving Facility Commitments being refinanced (except to the extent such covenants and other terms (x) apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity
Date, (y) are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (z) reflect market terms and conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) at the time of incurrence). Solely to the extent that an Issuing Bank or
Swingline Lender is not a replacement issuing bank or replacement swingline lender, as the case may be, under a Replacement Revolving Facility, it is understood and agreed that such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender shall not be required to issue any
letters of credit or swingline loan under such Replacement Revolving Facility and, to the extent it is necessary for such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender to withdraw as an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, at the time of the
establishment of such Replacement Revolving Facility, such withdrawal shall be on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in its sole discretion. The Borrower agrees to reimburse
each Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in full upon demand, for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket cost or expense attributable to such
withdrawal. 

(d) The Borrower may approach any Lender or any other person that would be a permitted Assignee of a Revolving Facility
Commitment pursuant to Section 9.04 to provide all or a portion of the Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments (subject to receipt of any consents that would be required for an assignment of Revolving Facility Commitments to such person
pursuant to Section 9.04); provided, that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole 

130 

discretion, to provide a Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment. Any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment made on any Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date shall be designated an
additional Class of Revolving Facility Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement; provided, that any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments may, to the extent provided in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, be designated as an
increase in any previously established Class of Revolving Facility Commitments. 

(e) The Borrower and each Lender providing the
applicable Refinancing Term Loans and/or Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments (as applicable) shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an amendment to this Agreement (a Refinancing Amendment) and such other
documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence such Refinancing Term Loans and/or Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments (as applicable). For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (A) if a
Lender is providing a Refinancing Term Loan, such Lender will be deemed to have an Other Term Loan having the terms of such Refinancing Term Loan and (B) if a Lender is providing a Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment, such Lender will be
deemed to have an Other Revolving Facility Commitment having the terms of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including without limitation
this Section 2.23), (i) no Refinancing Term Loan or Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, (ii) this Agreement shall impose no condition to any incurrence of any
Refinancing Term Loan or Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment at any time or from time to time other than those set forth in clauses (a) or (c) above, as applicable, and (iii) all Refinancing Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility
Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Loan Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and shall have the same rank and Lien priority as the Term Facility or Revolving Facility being refinanced or replaced, as
applicable. 

Section 2.24. Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definitions of Majority Lenders, Required Lenders, or Required Revolving Facility Lenders, as applicable, and
Section 9.08. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts
received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, following an Event of Default or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 9.06 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder, second,
to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or the 

131 

Swingline Lender hereunder, third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.05(j),
fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as
determined by the Administrative Agent, fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential
future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this
Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.05(j), sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender,
Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement, seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists, to the payment of any
amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement, and
eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting
Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.24 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Certain Fees. 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a
Defaulting Lender (and, except as provided in clause (C) below, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive L/C Participation Fees for any period during which that Lender is a
Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its pro rata share of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral. 

(C) With respect to any Commitment Fee or L/C Participation Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to
clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting
Lenders participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank and the Swingline
Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be
required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

132 

(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All
or any part of such Defaulting Lenders participation in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under any Revolving Facility shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their
respective pro rata Commitments under such Revolving Facility (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders Commitment) so long as such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender under such Revolving Facility to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Facility Commitment under such Revolving Facility. Subject to
Section 9.23, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or
can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, within five (5) Business Days following the written request of the (i) Administrative Agent or
(ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank, as applicable (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second,
Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05(j). 

(b)
Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto,
whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par (together
with any break funding costs incurred by the Non-Defaulting Lenders as a result of such purchase) that portion of outstanding Revolving Facility Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the
Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Facility Commitments
(without giving effect to Section 2.24(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided, that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the
Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or
release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

133 

Section 2.25. Loan Repurchases. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or referred to below, the Borrower may from time to time, at its discretion, conduct
modified Dutch auctions in order to purchase Term Loans of one or more Classes (as determined by the Borrower) (each, a Purchase Offer), each such Purchase Offer to be managed exclusively by the Administrative Agent (or such other
financial institution chosen by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) (in such capacity, the Auction Manager), so long as the following conditions are satisfied: 

(i) each Purchase Offer shall be conducted in accordance with the procedures, terms and conditions set forth in this
Section 2.25 and the Auction Procedures; 

(ii) no Default or Event of Default shall be continuing on the date of the
delivery of each notice of an auction and at the time of (and immediately after giving effect to) the purchase of any Term Loans in connection with any Purchase Offer or shall result therefrom; 

(iii) the principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of each and all Classes of Term Loans that the Borrower
offers to purchase in any such Purchase Offer shall be no less than $10,000,000 (unless another amount is agreed to by the Administrative Agent) (across all such Classes); 

(iv) the principal amount of all Term Loans of the applicable Class or Classes so purchased by the Borrower shall
automatically be cancelled and retired by the Borrower on the settlement date of the relevant purchase (and may not be resold) (without any increase to EBITDA as a result of any gains associated with cancellation of debt), and in no event shall the
Borrower be entitled to any vote hereunder in connection with such Term Loans; 

(v) no more than one Purchase Offer with
respect to any Class may be ongoing at any one time; 

(vi) either (A) (x) the Borrower shall represent and
warrant that no Loan Party has any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, or with respect to the Loans or the securities of any such person, that (i) has
not been previously disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (other than because such Lender does not wish to receive such material non-public information) prior to such time and
(ii) could reasonably be expected to have a material effect upon, or otherwise be material to, a Lenders decision to participate in the Purchase Offer or (y) shall state that it cannot make such representation set forth in
clause (A)(x) or (B) such Purchase Offer shall contain customary big boy representations; 

(vii) any
Purchase Offer with respect to any Class shall be offered to all Term Lenders holding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis; and 

(viii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Facility Loan to purchase Term Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.25. 

134 

(b) The Borrower must terminate any Purchase Offer if it fails to satisfy one or more of the
conditions set forth above which are required to be met at the time which otherwise would have been the time of purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such Purchase Offer. If the Borrower commences any Purchase Offer (and all relevant requirements set
forth above which are required to be satisfied at the time of the commencement of such Purchase Offer have in fact been satisfied), and if at such time of commencement the Borrower reasonably believes that all required conditions set forth above
which are required to be satisfied at the time of the consummation of such Purchase Offer shall be satisfied, then the Borrower shall have no liability to any Term Lender for any termination of such Purchase Offer as a result of its failure to
satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above which are required to be met at the time which otherwise would have been the time of consummation of such Purchase Offer, and any such failure shall not result in any Default or Event of Default
hereunder. With respect to all purchases of Term Loans of any Class or Classes made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.25, (x) the Borrower shall pay on the settlement date of each such purchase all accrued and unpaid interest
(except to the extent otherwise set forth in the relevant offering documents), if any, on the purchased Term Loans of the applicable Class or Classes up to the settlement date of such purchase and (y) such purchases (and the payments made
by the Borrower and the cancellation of the purchased Loans, in each case in connection therewith) shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.11 hereof. 

(c) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the Purchase Offers and the other transactions effected pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms of this Section 2.25; provided, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Lender shall have an obligation to participate in any such Purchase Offer. For the avoidance of doubt, it is
understood and agreed that the provisions of Sections 2.16, 2.18 and 9.04 will not apply to the purchases of Term Loans pursuant to Purchase Offers made pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.25. The Auction
Manager acting in its capacity as such hereunder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of Article VIII and Section 9.05 to the same extent as if each reference therein to the Agents were a reference to the Auction
Manager, and the Administrative Agent shall cooperate with the Auction Manager as reasonably requested by the Auction Manager in order to enable it to perform its responsibilities and duties in connection with each Purchase Offer. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with
respect to the Term Loans or the Term Loan Commitments, under this Agreement to the Borrower or any Subsidiaries through open market purchases on a pro rata or non-pro rata basis, in each case
subject to the following limitations: 

(i) (x) if the assignee is a Subsidiary, upon such assignment, transfer or
contribution, the applicable assignee will automatically be deemed to have contributed or transferred the principal amount of such Term Loans, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to the Borrower or (y) if the assignee is the Borrower,
(including through the contribution or transfers set forth in clause (x)), the principal amount of such Term Loans, along with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, so contributed, assigned or transferred to the Borrower will be deemed
automatically cancelled and extinguished upon such assignment, contribution or transfer; and 

(ii) no Event of Default
shall be continuing or shall result therefrom 

(e) This Section 2.25 shall supersede any provisions in this Agreement to the
contrary. 

135 

ARTICLE III 

Representations and Warranties 

On (i) the Closing Date (in each case, after giving effect to the Transactions) and (ii) the date of each Credit Event (after the
Closing Date), as provided in Section 4.02, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

Section 3.01.
Organization; Powers. The Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries which is a Loan Party (a) is a partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization (to the extent that each such concept exists in such jurisdiction), (b) has all requisite power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) is qualified to
do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except in the case of clause (a) (other than with respect to the Borrower), clause (b) (other than with respect to the Borrower), and clause (c), where the failure so to be or
have, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Loan Documents and each other
agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is or will be a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to borrow and otherwise obtain credit hereunder. 

Section 3.02. Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and each of the Guarantors of each of the
Loan Documents to which it is a party and the borrowings and other extensions of credit hereunder (a) have been duly authorized by all corporate, stockholder, partnership, limited liability company or other organizational action required to be
obtained by the Borrower and such Guarantors and (b) will not (i) violate (A) any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Borrower or any such Guarantor, (B) the certificate or articles of incorporation or
other constitutive documents (including any partnership, limited liability company or operating agreements) or by-laws of the Borrower, or any such Guarantor, (C) any applicable order of any court or any
law, rule, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Borrower or any such Guarantor or (D) any provision of any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower or any such Guarantor is a party or by
which any of them or any of their property is or may be bound, (ii) result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, give rise to a right of or result in any cancellation or acceleration
of any right or obligation (including any payment) under any such indenture, agreement or other instrument, where any such conflict, violation, breach or default referred to in clause (i) (other than clause (i)(B)) or (ii) of this
Section 3.02(b), would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property or assets now owned or
hereafter acquired by the Borrower or any such Guarantor, other than the Liens created by the Loan Documents and Permitted Liens. 

Section 3.03. Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each other
Loan Document when executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Guarantor that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against the Borrower and each such Guarantor in accordance with
its terms, subject to (a) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (c) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing, and (d) the need for filings and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan
Parties in favor of the Collateral Agent. 

136 

Section 3.04. Governmental Approvals. No action, consent or approval of,
registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental Authority is or will be required for the execution, delivery or performance of each Loan Document to which the Borrower or any Guarantor is a party, except for (a) the filing
of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, (b) filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Offices, (c) such as have been made or obtained and are in full force and effect, (d) such
actions, consents and approvals the failure of which to be obtained or made would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (e) filings or other actions listed on Schedule 3.04 and any other
filings or registrations required to be made under the terms of the Security Documents to perfect Liens created by the Security Documents. 

Section 3.05. Financial Statements. 

(a) The audited consolidated balance sheets and the statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the Borrower and
its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for each fiscal year of the Borrower in the three-fiscal year period ended on December 31, 2022, including the notes thereto, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of
the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates referred to therein and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, and were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods covered thereby. 

(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of
September 30, 2023 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date, including the notes thereto, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods referred to therein and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, and were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied
on a consistent basis throughout the period covered thereby, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 

Section 3.06. No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2022, there has been no event or circumstance that, individually
or in the aggregate with other events or circumstances, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.07. Title to Properties. Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has valid title in fee simple or equivalent to, or
valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all its Real Properties and has valid title to its personal property and assets, in each case, free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens and except for
defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes and except where the failures to have such title or such Liens
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

137 

Section 3.08. Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.08 sets forth as of the
Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, the name and jurisdiction of incorporation, formation or organization of each subsidiary of the Borrower and, as to each such subsidiary, the percentage of the Equity Interests of such
subsidiary owned by the Borrower or by any such subsidiary. 

Section 3.09. Litigation; Compliance with Laws. 

(a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations at law or in equity or by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority or in
arbitration now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any business, property or rights of any such person (i) that involve any Loan Document, to the extent that
the applicable action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, except for any
action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority or in arbitration which has been disclosed on Schedule 3.09 or in the Borrowers Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(b) None of the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and
their respective properties or assets is in violation of (nor will the continued operation of their material properties and assets as currently conducted violate) any law, rule or regulation (including any zoning, building, ordinance, code or
approval or any building permit, but excluding any Environmental Laws, which are the subject of Section 3.16) or any restriction of record or indenture, agreement or instrument affecting any Real Property, or is in default with respect to any
judgment, writ, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority, where such violation or default would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.10. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans and no Letter of Credit will be used by the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X. 

Section 3.11. Investment Company Act. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries are required to be registered as an
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 3.12. Use of
Proceeds. 

(a) The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Revolving Facility Loans and Swingline Loans, and may request the issuance of
Letters of Credit, solely for general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, for working capital purposes, for capital expenditures, for Permitted Business Acquisitions, in the case of Letters of Credit, for the back-up or replacement of existing letters of credit and to pay fees and expenses related to the foregoing). 

(b) The Borrower will use the proceeds of (i) the Initial Term Loans borrowed on the Closing Date to finance the Transactions,
(ii) the Amendment No. 1 Initial Term Loans borrowed on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date to finance the Amendment No. 1 Transactions and (iii) the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans borrowed on the Amendment
No. 2 Effective Date to finance the Amendment No. 2 Transactions. 

138 

(c) The Borrower will use the proceeds of any Incremental Loans solely for general corporate
purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including Permitted Business Acquisitions, Capital Expenditures and permitted Restricted Payments) or as otherwise set forth in the applicable Incremental Assumption Agreement. 

Section 3.13. Tax Returns. 

(a) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and
each of the Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, local and non-U.S. Tax returns required to have been filed by it (including in its capacity as Withholding Agent) and each such Tax
return is true and correct; and 

(b) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries has timely paid or caused to be timely paid all Taxes shown to be due and payable by it on the returns referred to in clause (a) and all other Taxes or assessments (or made adequate
provision (in accordance with GAAP) for the payment of all Taxes due), except Taxes or assessments for which the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (as the case may be) has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP and, to
the extent such Taxes are due and payable pursuant to a governmental assessment, the amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 

Section 3.14. No Material Misstatements. 

(a) All written information (other than the projections, forward looking information and information of a general economic or industry
specific nature) (the Information) concerning the Borrower, the Subsidiaries, the Transactions and any other transactions contemplated hereby prepared by or on behalf of the foregoing or their representatives and made available to
any Lenders or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby, when taken as a whole, was true and correct in all material respects, as of the date such Information was furnished to the
Lenders (and as of the Closing Date, with respect to Information provided prior thereto) and did not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a material fact as of any such date or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements contained therein, taken as a whole, not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made. 

(b) The projections and other forward looking information prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of their representatives and that
have been made available to any Lenders or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable
as of the date thereof (it being understood that such projections and other forward looking information are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, such projections and other forward looking information are subject to significant
uncertainties and contingencies and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections or other forward looking information may differ significantly from the projected results, and that no assurance can be given that
the projected results will be realized), as of the date such projections and information were furnished to the Lenders. 

139 

Section 3.15. EEA Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an EEA Financial
Institution. 

Section 3.16. Environmental Matters. Except as to matters that would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) no written notice, request for information, order, complaint or penalty has been received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and there are no judicial, administrative or
other actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the Borrowers knowledge, threatened which allege a violation of or liability under any Environmental Laws, in each case relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) each of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has all environmental permits, licenses, authorizations and other approvals necessary for its operations to comply with all Environmental Laws (Environmental Permits) and is in compliance with the
terms of such Environmental Permits and with all other Environmental Laws, (c) no Hazardous Material is located at, on or under any property currently or, to Borrowers knowledge, formerly owned, operated or leased by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any cost, liability or obligation of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits, and no Hazardous Material has been generated,
used, treated, stored, handled, disposed of or controlled, transported or released by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, or, to the Borrowers knowledge, otherwise at any location in a manner that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any
cost, liability or obligation of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits, (d) there are no agreements in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has expressly assumed or undertaken
responsibility for any known or reasonably likely liability or obligation of any other person arising under or relating to Environmental Laws and (e) there has been no written environmental assessment or audit (other than customary assessments
not revealing anything that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) conducted during the past five years, by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of any property currently or, to the Borrowers
knowledge, formerly owned, operated or leased by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that is in the current possession or control of Borrower or its Subsidiaries or of which Borrower has knowledge that has not been made available to the
Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date. 

Section 3.17. Security Documents. 

(a) Each Security Document when executed by the applicable parties thereto is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof to the extent contemplated by such Security Document and the other Loan Documents. In the case of the Pledged
Collateral described in the Collateral Agreement, when certificates or promissory notes, as applicable, representing such Pledged Collateral and required to be delivered under the applicable Security Document are delivered to the Collateral Agent,
and in the case of the other Collateral described in the Collateral Agreement (other than the Intellectual Property), when financing statements and other filings specified in the Perfection Certificate are filed in the offices specified in the
Perfection Certificate, the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have a fully perfected Lien (subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens) on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties
in such Collateral and, subject to Section 9-315 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations to the extent perfection can be obtained by filing Uniform
Commercial Code financing statements or possession, in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other person (except Permitted Liens). 

140 

(b) When the Collateral Agreement or an ancillary document thereunder is properly filed and
recorded in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, and, with respect to Collateral in which a security interest cannot be perfected by such filings, upon the proper filing of the financing statements
referred to in clause (a) above, the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties thereunder in the material United
States Intellectual Property included in the Collateral listed in such ancillary document, in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other person, except for Permitted Liens (it being understood that subsequent recordings in the
United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office may be necessary to perfect a Lien on material registered trademarks and patents, trademark and patent applications and registered copyrights acquired by the Loan
Parties after the Closing Date). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein (including this Section 3.17) or in any other Loan Document to
the contrary, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party makes any representation or warranty as to the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge of or
security interest in any Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary, or as to the rights and remedies of the Agents or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign law. 

Section 3.18. Solvency. Immediately after giving effect to the Transactions on the Closing Date, (i) the fair value of the
assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, exceeds, on a consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other
liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and
matured; and (iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business for which they have unreasonably small capital. For purposes of the foregoing, the amount of any
contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 

Section 3.19. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such
ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA that would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

141 

Section 3.20. Labor Matters. Except as, individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes pending or threatened against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; (b) the hours worked and payments made to employees of
the Borrower and the Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or for which any claim may
be made against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary to the extent required
by GAAP. 

Section 3.21. Insurance. Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description, in all
material respects, of all material insurance (excluding any title insurance) maintained by or on behalf of any Loan Party as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions. As of such date, such insurance is in full force and effect.

Section 3.22. Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or as set forth in Schedule 3.22, (a) the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or possesses the right to use, all Intellectual Property that are used or held for use or is otherwise reasonably necessary in the
operation of their respective businesses, (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating Intellectual Property of
any person and (c) (i) no claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened and (ii) to the knowledge of the Borrower, no
claim or litigation regarding any other Intellectual Property described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) is pending or threatened. 

Section 3.23. USA PATRIOT Act. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the United
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, and other applicable anti-money laundering laws. As of the Closing Date,
the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 

Section 3.24.
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. (a) Neither (i) the Borrower nor any Subsidiary, (ii) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, nor
(iii) any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is the subject of Sanctions or in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country and
(c) no part of the proceeds of the Loans and no Letter of Credit shall be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, in a manner that would result in a violation of applicable Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions by any party
hereto. 

ARTICLE IV 

Conditions of Lending 

Section 4.01. Closing Date. The obligations of (i) (a) the Revolving Facility Lenders to make Revolving Facility Loans and
the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans, (b) any Issuing Bank to issue, amend or extend or renew Letters of Credit or increase the amounts of Letters of Credit hereunder, (c) each Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment to make
Initial Term Loans to the Borrower and (d) the Issuing Bank that issued an Existing Letter of Credit to deem such Existing Letters of Credit to be Letters of Credit under this Agreement, in each case, on the Closing Date are subject solely to
the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.08) of the following conditions at or prior to the Closing Date: 

142 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower a counterpart of this
Agreement signed on behalf of the Borrower. 

(b) To the extent required to be satisfied on the Closing Date, the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement shall be satisfied as of the Closing Date. 

(c) The representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein are true
and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions) as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case
such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse
Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower certifying that (i) the conditions set forth in this clause (c) and clause (l) below have been satisfied and (ii) as of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions), no Event of Default or Default shall
have occurred or be continuing immediately after giving effect to the Transactions. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a
Borrowing Request with respect to the Initial Term Loan as required by Section 2.03. 

(e) The Lenders shall have received a solvency
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C and signed by the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other officer with equivalent duties of the Borrower confirming the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis immediately after giving effect to the Transactions on the Closing Date. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have
received, on behalf of itself, the Lenders and each Issuing Bank, a written opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, as counsel for the Loan Parties, or such other firm as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with respect to
the enforceability of the Loan Documents and other related matters, in each case (A) dated the Closing Date, (B) addressed to each Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders on the Closing Date and (C) in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent covering such matters relating to the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 

(g) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar officer of each Loan Party
dated the Closing Date and certifying: 

(i) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or
articles of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership, certificate of formation or other equivalent constituent and governing documents, including all amendments thereto, of such Loan Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of
State (or other similar official or Governmental Authority) of the jurisdiction of its organization or by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar officer of such Loan Party or other person duly authorized by the constituent documents of such
Loan Party, 

143 

(ii) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws (or partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other equivalent constituent and governing documents) of such Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date and at all times since a date prior
to the date of the resolutions described in the following clause (iii), 

(iii) that attached thereto is a true and complete
copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Loan Party (or its managing general partner or managing member), authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which
such person is a party and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect on the Closing Date, and 

(iv) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer or authorized signatory executing any Loan Document or any
other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party. 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a
completed Perfection Certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, together with the results of a search of the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent), Tax and judgment, United States Patent and
Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office filings made with respect to the Loan Parties in the jurisdictions contemplated by the Perfection Certificate and copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search
and evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Liens indicated by such financing statements (or similar documents) are Permitted Liens or have been, or will be simultaneously or substantially concurrently with the Closing
Date, released. 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received (A) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of
operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower the last three full fiscal years ended at least ninety (90) days prior to the Closing Date and (B) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of
operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower for each subsequent interim quarterly period ended at least forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date (excluding the fourth quarter of any fiscal year); provided
that the filing by the Borrower of the required audited financial statements on Form 10-K or required unaudited financial statements on Form 10-Q, in each case, will
satisfy the requirements under clause (A) or (B), as applicable, of this Section 4.01(i). 

(j) The Administrative Agent shall
have received with respect to each Loan Party a long-form (if available) certificate of good standing of such Loan Party from the Secretary of State or other applicable Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is organized
(dated as of a date reasonably near the Closing Date). 

(k) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business
Days prior to the Closing Date, (x) all documentation and other information required with respect to the Loan Parties by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and (y) a Beneficial Ownership Certification, in each case, to the extent requested in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

144 

(l) Since December 31, 2022, there has not been any event, occurrence, change,
development or state of circumstances or facts that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(m) Substantially concurrently with the initial Credit Event, the Closing Date Refinancing shall have occurred. 

(n) The Agents and Arrangers shall have received all fees payable thereto or to any Lender on or prior to the Closing Date and, to the extent
invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP), in each case, required to be reimbursed or paid by the Loan Parties hereunder, under the Engagement Letter, the Agent Fee Letters or under any Loan Document on or
prior to the Closing Date. 

Section 4.02. Subsequent Credit Events. Each Credit Event after the Closing Date is subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.08) of the following conditions on the date of each Borrowing and on the date of each issuance or renewal of a Letter of Credit: 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in the case of a Borrowing, a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (or a
Borrowing Request shall have been deemed given) or, in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting the issuance of such Letter of Credit as required
by Section 2.05(b). 

(b) Except as set forth in Section 2.21(c) with respect to Incremental Term Loans used to finance a Limited
Condition Transaction, or as otherwise contemplated by Section 1.10 hereof, the representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article III or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all
material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Event; provided, that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such
earlier date; provided, further, that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any
qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 

(c) Except as set forth in Section 2.21(c) with respect to
Incremental Term Loans used to finance a Limited Condition Transaction, or as otherwise contemplated by Section 1.10 hereof, at the time of and immediately after such Credit Event (other than an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of
Credit without any increase in the stated amount of such Letter of Credit), as applicable, no Event of Default or Default shall be continuing. 

145 

Section 4.03. Determinations Under Section 4.01. For
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented
to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received written notice from such
Lender prior to, with respect to conditions specified in Section 4.01, the Closing Date, specifying its objection thereto in reasonable detail. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower in writing of the
occurrence of the Closing Date and each such notification shall be conclusive and binding. 

ARTICLE V 

Affirmative Covenants 

The Borrower covenants and agrees with each Lender that from and after the Closing Date until the Termination Date, unless the Required
Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, the Borrower will, and (except in the case of Sections 5.04 and 5.05) will cause each of the Subsidiaries to: 

Section 5.01. Existence; Business and Properties. 

(a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, except (i) in
the case of a Subsidiary of the Borrower, where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) as otherwise permitted under Section 6.05 and Section 6.09 and (iii) for the
liquidation or dissolution of Subsidiaries if the assets of any such Subsidiary (to the extent they exceed estimated liabilities of such Subsidiary) are acquired by the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower in such liquidation or
dissolution; provided, that (x) Guarantors may not be liquidated into Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and (y) Domestic Subsidiaries may not be liquidated into Foreign Subsidiaries (except in each case as permitted under
Section 6.05); provided that neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than the Borrower) if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Persons Board of Directors
determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. 

(b) Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, do or cause to be done all things
necessary to (i) lawfully obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect the permits, franchises, authorizations, Intellectual Property, licenses and rights with respect thereto used in the conduct of its business
(provided that neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such permits, franchise, authorizations, Intellectual Property, license or rights if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Persons
Board of Directors determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders) and
(ii) at all times maintain, protect and preserve all property necessary to the normal conduct of its business and keep such property in good repair, working order and condition (casualty, condemnation and ordinary wear and tear excepted), from
time to time make, or cause to be made, all needed and proper repairs necessary in order that the business carried on in connection therewith, if any, may be properly conducted (in each case except as permitted by this Agreement). 

146 

Section 5.02. Insurance. Maintain, with financially sound and reputable
insurance companies, insurance (subject to customary deductibles and retentions) in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or
similar locations (as determined by the Borrower in good faith but not, for the avoidance of doubt, flood insurance except to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law), and to cause (within 30 days (or such longer period as agreed by
the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) following the commencement of any insurance policy (or 90 days (or such longer period as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) following the Closing Date with respect
to any insurance policy in existence on the Closing Date)) the Collateral Agent to be listed as a lenders loss payee or mortgagee, as applicable, on property and casualty policies with respect to tangible personal property and assets constituting
Collateral located in the United States of America and as an additional insured on all general liability policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (i) maintain all such insurance with any combination of
primary and excess insurance, (ii) maintain any or all such insurance pursuant to master or so-called blanket policies insuring any or all Collateral and/or other assets which do not
constitute Collateral (and in such event the lenders loss payee endorsement shall be limited or otherwise modified accordingly), and/or (iii) self-insure with respect to such risks with respect to which companies of established reputation
engaged in the same general line of business in the same general area usually self-insure (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). 

If
any portion of any Mortgaged Property is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available
under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect or successor act thereto), then the Borrower shall (i) maintain, or cause to be maintained flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all
applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.03. Taxes. Pay its obligations in respect of all Tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges, before the same
shall become delinquent or in default, except where (i) the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof has set aside on its books adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent due and payable pursuant to a governmental assessment,
the amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (ii) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

147 

Section 5.04. Financial Statements, Reports, Etc. Furnish to the
Administrative Agent (which will promptly furnish such information to the Lenders): 

(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year,
a consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations showing the financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the consolidated results of their operations during such year and setting
forth in comparative form the corresponding figures for the prior fiscal year (and including, to the extent not otherwise included in the Borrowers annual report on Form 10-K for such fiscal year, a
customary management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations), which consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations and audited by independent public accountants of recognized national
standing and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants (which opinion shall not be qualified as to the status of the Borrower as a going concern other than resulting solely from (x) an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness occurring
within one year from the time such opinion is delivered, (y) an anticipated or actual financial covenant default or (z) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary) to the effect that
such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; 

(b) within forty-five (45) days after the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, a consolidated balance sheet and related
statements of operations showing the financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated results of their operations during such fiscal quarter and the then-elapsed portion of the
fiscal year and setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the prior fiscal year (and including, to the extent not otherwise including in the Borrowers quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter, a customary management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) and which consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations
shall be certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower on behalf of the Borrower as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of certain footnotes); 

(c) within five (5) Business Days of delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial
Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying that no Event of Default or Default has occurred since the date of the last certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 5.04(c) (or since the Closing Date in the case of the first such certificate)
or, if such an Event of Default or Default has occurred during such period, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) commencing with the end of the first full
fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, setting forth computations in reasonable detail showing the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recently ended Test Period (and, solely to the extent the Financial Covenant is then applicable,
compliance with the Financial Covenant), (iii) a summary of the pro forma adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from the consolidated statement of operations and the consolidated balance sheet and
(iv) a list identifying each subsidiary of the Borrower as a Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such certificate or confirming that there is no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date
and the date of the last such list; 

(d) promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs
and financial condition of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; provided, however, that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective customers and/or suppliers,
(ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) is prohibited by any applicable Requirement of Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or
constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which the Borrower or any Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party (provided that such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of
the requirements of this Section 5.04(d)); and 

148 

(e) concurrently with the delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, an
updated Perfection Certificate reflecting all changes since the date of the information most recently received pursuant to this clause (e) or Section 4.01(h), as applicable (or a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the
absence of any changes to the previously delivered update, if applicable); provided that the obligation to update the Perfection Certificate on an annual basis shall be limited to Sections 1, 2 and 7 of such Perfection Certificate. 

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make
available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar
or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to
such persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) the Borrower Materials that are to be distributed to the Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the
word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the
Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side
Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated
Public Side Information. 

Section 5.05. Litigation and Other Notices. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (which
will promptly thereafter furnish to the Lenders) written notice of the following promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof: 

(a) any Event of Default or Default, specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) proposed to be taken with
respect thereto; 

(b) the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any
action, suit or proceeding, whether at law or in equity or by or before any Governmental Authority or in arbitration, against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries as to which an adverse determination is reasonably probable and which, if adversely
determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

149 

(c) any other development specific to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that is not a
matter of general public knowledge and that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) promptly,
such additional information regarding compliance by any Lender with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; and 

(e) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.06. Compliance with Laws. Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any
Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided, that this Section 5.06 shall
not apply to Environmental Laws, which are the subject of Section 5.09, or to laws related to Taxes, which are the subject of Section 5.03. 

Section 5.07. Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections. Maintain all financial records in accordance with GAAP
and permit any persons designated by the Administrative Agent or, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i), any Lender to visit and inspect the financial records and the properties
of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries at reasonable times, upon reasonable prior notice to the Borrower, and to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any persons designated by the Administrative Agent or, upon the
occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i), any Lender upon reasonable prior notice to the Borrower to discuss the affairs, finances and condition of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
with the officers thereof and independent accountants therefor (so long as the Borrower has the opportunity to participate in any such discussions with such accountants); provided that (a) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the
Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.07, (b) except as expressly set forth in clause (c) below during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) the Administrative Agent
shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year and (ii) only one such time per calendar year shall be at the expense of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, (c) when an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice and
(d) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information
or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and/or any of their
respective customers and/or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (iii) that is
subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which the Borrower or any Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party (provided that such confidentiality
obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.07). 

150 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Loans made and use the
Letters of Credit issued only in the manner contemplated by Section 3.12. 

Section 5.09. Compliance with Environmental
Laws. Comply, and make reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other persons occupying its properties to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws; and obtain and renew all required Environmental Permits, except, in each case with
respect to this Section 5.09, to the extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.10. Further Assurances; Additional Security. 

(a) Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the
filing and recording of financing statements and other documents), that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request (including those required by applicable law), to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and to cause the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement to be and remain satisfied, all at the expense of the Loan Parties and provide to the Collateral Agent, from time to time upon reasonable request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent as to the perfection
and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents. 

(b) If any asset is acquired by any Loan Party
after the Closing Date or owned by an entity at the time it becomes a Loan Party (in each case other than (x) assets constituting Collateral under a Security Document that automatically become subject to the Lien of such Security Document upon
acquisition thereof and (y) assets constituting Excluded Property) such Loan Party will, (i) notify the Collateral Agent of such acquisition or ownership and (ii) cause such asset to be subjected to a valid and perfected Lien (subject
to no Liens other than Permitted Liens) securing the Obligations by, and take, and cause the Guarantors to take, such actions as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be satisfied
with respect to such asset, including actions described in clause (a) of this Section 5.10, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, subject to the penultimate and last paragraphs of this Section 5.10 and the definition of
Excluded Property (it being understood that perfection actions with respect to Intellectual Property that are required to be taken after the Closing Date shall be subject to Section 3.05(d) of the Collateral Agreement). 

(c) If any additional direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower is formed, including by division, acquired or ceases to constitute an
Excluded Subsidiary following the Closing Date and such Subsidiary is (1) a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Excluded Subsidiary or (2) any other Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that
may be designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in its sole discretion, within forty-five (45) Business Days after the date such Subsidiary is formed or acquired or meets such criteria (or first becomes subject to such
requirement) or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion, cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor and cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Subsidiary and with
respect to any Equity Interest in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary owned by or on behalf of any Guarantor, subject to the third to last and penultimate paragraphs of this Section 5.10. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no
circumstance shall an Excluded Subsidiary become a Guarantor unless designated as a Guarantor by the Borrower (with any such designation of a Foreign Subsidiary being subject to the Administrative Agents consent as to the jurisdiction of
organization thereof (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)) and no Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary that is subject to clauses (a) and/or (h) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary) that is
designated as a Guarantor by the Borrower shall be released solely on the basis that it was not required to become a Guarantor. 

151 

(d) Furnish to the Collateral Agent prompt (and in any event within forty-five
(45) days of the applicable change) written notice of any change (A) in any Loan Partys corporate or organization name, (B) in any Loan Partys identity or organizational structure, (C) in any Loan Partys
organizational identification number (to the extent relevant in the applicable jurisdiction of organization) and (D) in any Loan Partys jurisdiction of organization, accompanied by certified organizational documents reflecting such
changes, and take all action reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, if applicable. 

(e) If any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower is formed or acquired after the Closing Date (with any Subsidiary Redesignation resulting in an
Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary being deemed to constitute the acquisition of a Subsidiary) and if such Subsidiary is a first tier Foreign Subsidiary of a Loan Party, within sixty (60) days after the date such Foreign
Subsidiary is formed or acquired or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion, cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be satisfied with respect to any Equity Interest in such Foreign Subsidiary
owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party, subject to the penultimate and last paragraphs of this Section 5.10 and the definition of Excluded Property. 

(f) Within 90 days after the acquisition by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any Mortgaged Property (or such longer period as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall or shall cause such Loan Party to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (g) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the
other provisions of this Section 5.10 and the other Loan Documents with respect to Collateral need not be satisfied with respect to any of the following (collectively, the Excluded Property): (i) (a) any interest in fee
owned real property that is not in excess of $2,000,000 individually and (b) all leasehold interests in real property (including requirements to deliver landlord lien waivers, estoppels and collateral access letters); (ii) motor vehicles,
airplanes and other assets subject to certificates of title (other than to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code); (iii) letters of credit and letter of
credit rights (other than to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code); (iv) commercial tort claims (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) reasonably
expected to result in a recovery of less than $20,000,000; (v) leases, licenses, permits and other agreements or any property subject to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement to the extent, and so long as, the pledge thereof as
Collateral would violate the terms thereof or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary), but only to the extent, and for so long as, such prohibition or limitation is not terminated
or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective by the 

152 

Uniform Commercial Code, the Bankruptcy Code or other Debtor Relief Law or other Requirement of Law, other proceeds and receivable thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective
under applicable law; (vi) other assets to the extent the pledge thereof or the security interest therein is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation (other than to the extent such prohibition is not terminated or rendered unenforceable
or otherwise deemed ineffective by the Uniform Commercial Code, Bankruptcy Code or any other Requirement of Law) or which could require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to be pledged (unless such
consent, approval, license or authorization has been received) other than to the extent such requirement is not terminated or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective by the Uniform Commercial Code, Bankruptcy Code or any other
Requirement of Law; (vii) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall reasonably agree that the costs or other adverse consequences (including, without limitations, Tax consequences) of obtaining such security
interest are excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby; (viii) intent-to-use trademark applications prior to the filing of a
Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of, or render void or voidable or result in the
cancellation of the applicable grantors right, title or interest therein or in any trademark issued as a result of such application under applicable law; (ix) any governmental licenses, permits or state or local franchises, charters and
authorizations, to the extent Liens and security interests therein are prohibited or restricted thereby after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC and other applicable law; (x) property and assets to the extent
that a pledge thereof or creation of security interest therein is restricted by applicable law, rule or regulation or which would require governmental consent, approval, license or authorization (in each case, only for so long as such restriction
remains in effect or until such consent, approval or license is obtained, as applicable), other than to the extent such prohibition or limitation is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition;
(xi) Excluded Securities; (xii) any intercompany loans, Indebtedness or receivables owed by any CFC or FSHCO (or treated as owed by any CFC or FSHCO for income tax purposes); (xiii) cash collateral that is the subject of a deposit or
pledge constituting a Permitted Lien, but only to the extent the agreements governing such deposit or pledge prohibit the existence of a Lien therein in favor of the Administrative Agent; (xiv) any assets of any CFC or FSHCO or any Subsidiary
thereof and (xv) for the avoidance of doubt, any assets of any person other than a Loan Party; provided, further that the Borrower may in its sole discretion elect to exclude any property from the definition of Excluded Property
by expressly notifying the Collateral Agent of it decision to do so with reference to this proviso. 

In addition, in no event shall
(1) landlord, mortgagee and bailee waivers or similar subordination agreements be required, (2) control agreements, lockbox or similar arrangements with respect to any deposit account, securities account, commodities account or other bank
account be required, (3) notices be required to be sent to account debtors or other contractual third parties unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (4) foreign-law governed
security documents or perfection under foreign law be required. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (A) the Collateral
Agent may grant extensions of time or waiver or modification of requirement for (x) the creation or perfection of security interests in, (y) the obtaining of insurance with respect to particular assets or (z) any other action required
pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement (including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties 

153 

on such date), in each case, where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection or obtaining of such items (or the satisfaction by the Loan Parties of the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement) cannot reasonably be accomplished without undue effort or expense or is otherwise impracticable by the time or times at and/or in the form or manner in which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents and (B) Liens required to be granted from time to time pursuant to, or any other requirements of, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Security Documents shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set
forth in the Security Documents. 

Section 5.11. Ratings. Use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and to maintain
(a) public ratings from Moodys and S&P for the Term Loans and (b) public corporate credit ratings and corporate family ratings from Moodys and S&P in respect of the Borrower; provided, however, in each
case, that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to obtain or maintain any specific rating. 

Section 5.12.
Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Designate any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary only in accordance with the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary contained herein. 

Section 5.13. Post-Closing. Take all necessary actions to satisfy the items described on Schedule 5.13 within the
applicable period of time specified in such Schedule (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed
modified (or waived on a limited basis) to the extent necessary to give effect to the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described in this Section 5.13 within the time periods specified thereon), and, to the extent any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document would be violated or breached (or any non-compliance with any such provision would result in a Default or Event of Default hereunder) as a result of any such
extended deadline, such provision shall be deemed modified (or waived on a limited basis) to the extent necessary to give effect to this Section 5.13. 

Section 5.14. Quarterly Lender Calls. Following delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or (b), as
applicable, promptly host a conference call with a Financial Officer of the Borrower, such other members of senior management of the Borrower as the Borrower deems appropriate, the Lenders and the Lenders respective representatives and
advisors to review the financial information presented therein at a time as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 5.14 may be satisfied with a public
earnings calls for the applicable period. 

ARTICLE VI 

Negative Covenants 

The
Borrower covenants and agrees with each Lender that from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, unless the Required Lenders (or, in the case of the Financial Covenant, the Required Revolving Facility Lenders) shall otherwise consent in
writing, the Borrower will not, and the Borrower will not permit any of the Subsidiaries to: 

154 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness. Incur, create, assume or otherwise become directly
or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness, including Capitalized Lease Obligations (other than
Indebtedness described in Section 6.01(b) below), existing or committed on the Closing Date (provided, that any such Indebtedness that is owed to any person other than the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, in an aggregate
amount in excess of $2,000,000 shall be set forth in Schedule 6.01) and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness; 

(b) Indebtedness created hereunder (including pursuant to Section 2.21, Section 2.22 and Section 2.23) and under the other Loan
Documents and any Refinancing Notes incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness; 

(c) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant
to Hedging Agreements entered into for non-speculative purposes; 

(d) Indebtedness owed to
(including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) any person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability
insurance to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such person, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practices; 

(e) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided, that
(i) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party owing to a Loan Party pursuant to this Section 6.01(e) shall be subject to Section 6.04(b) and (ii) Indebtedness owed by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a
Guarantor pursuant to this Section 6.01(e) shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or at least as favorable to the Lender as those set forth in the form of
intercompany note attached as Exhibit G; 

(f) Indebtedness in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds
and completion guarantees and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practices, including those incurred to secure health, safety and environmental obligations in
the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practices; 

(g) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a
bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business or other cash management services, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) (i) Indebtedness of a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or a person merged or consolidated with the Borrower or any
Subsidiary after the Closing Date and Indebtedness otherwise assumed by any Loan Party in connection with the acquisition of assets or Equity Interests (including a Permitted Business Acquisition), where such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or
consolidation is not prohibited by this Agreement, in each case, pursuant to this subclause (h)(i); provided, that, (x) Indebtedness acquired or assumed pursuant to this subclause (h)(i) shall be in existence prior to the respective
merger or acquisition of assets or 

155 

Equity Interests (including a Permitted Business Acquisition) and shall not have been created in contemplation thereof or in connection therewith, and (y) immediately after giving effect to
the acquisition or assumption of such Indebtedness, (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is pari passu with the Lien securing the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, the Revolving Facility Loans or Other First Lien
Debt, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the then most recently ended Test Period, shall not be greater than either (x) 3.00:1.00 or (y) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test
Period, (B) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Junior Lien, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the then most recently ended Test Period, shall not be greater than either (x) 3.00:1.00 or (y) the Secured
Net Leverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test Period and (C) if such Indebtedness is unsecured, either, (a) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to either (x) 2.00:1.00 or (y) the Consolidated Interest
Coverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test Period, or (b) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the then most recently ended Test Period shall not be greater than (x) 5.00:1.00 or (y) the Total Net
Leverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test Period; provided, that the aggregate outstanding amount of Indebtedness by Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors under this clause (h) and under clause (v) below (such outstanding
amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) shall not exceed the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 25.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (plus any increase in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing,
renewal or extension thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness); and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance any such Indebtedness; 

(i) (x) mortgage financings and other Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary prior to or within 360 days after the
acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets in order to finance such acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement or improvement (whether through the direct purchase of property or the
Equity Interests of any person owning such property) and (y) Capitalized Lease Obligations (and, in each case of clause (x) and (y), any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) in an aggregate principal outstanding amount
pursuant to this clause (i) (such outstanding amount measured solely at the time of incurrence, creation or assumption) not to exceed the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 25.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (plus any increase
in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing, renewal or extension thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness); 

(j) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Guarantees thereof), in an aggregate
principal outstanding amount (such outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) pursuant to this clause (j) that, together with any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, does not exceed the greater of
(x) $80,000,000 and (y) 40.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (plus any increase in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing, renewal or extension thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness); 

(k) Guarantees (A) by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary, (B) by
any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or a Subsidiary of a Guarantor of Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or a Subsidiary of a Guarantor and (C) by any Guarantor or Subsidiary of such Guarantor of Indebtedness of any
other Subsidiary of such Guarantor; 

156 

(l) Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Borrower or any Subsidiary providing for
indemnification, adjustment of purchase or acquisition price or similar obligations (including earn-outs), in each case, in connection with any Permitted Business Acquisition or similar Investment or the disposition of any business, assets or a
Subsidiary not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(m) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, warehouse receipts or
similar instruments issued in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practices and not supporting obligations in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(n) obligations in respect of Cash Management Agreements in the ordinary course of business; 

(o) Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase
price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services; provided, that such obligations are in connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business
and not in connection with the borrowing of money or any Hedging Agreements; 

(p) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to
employees, consultants or independent contractors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(q) (i)
Indebtedness in an outstanding amount not to exceed (such outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) the then available Incremental Amount consisting of the issuance of senior secured (on a pari passu basis with the
Loan Obligations), junior lien, unsecured or subordinated notes or loans (including mezzanine debt and bridge loans) (Incremental Equivalent Debt); provided that such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject
to (a) Sections 2.21(b)(ii), 2.21(b)(iii), 2.21(b)(iv), 2.21(b)(viii), 2.21(b)(x), 2.21(c)(i) and 2.21(c)(ii), (b) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt consists of term loans secured on a pari passu basis with the Loan Obligations,
2.21(b)(v), (c) if the Incremental Equivalent Debt is a notes issuance, no mandatory prepayment or redemption provisions other than customary prepayments for notes offerings required as a result of a change of control or asset sales or
other prepayment events consistent with market practice at the time of issuance, (d) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt consists of broadly syndicated U.S. dollar term B loans, the terms thereof, to the extent not substantially
similar to the terms of the Term Loans, being, taken as a whole, not materially more restrictive than the terms of the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and Initial Revolving Loans as determined in good faith by the Borrower (but excluding any
terms (x) that are added in the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans and Initial Revolving Loans for the benefit of the Lenders pursuant to an amendment hereto (with no consent of the Lenders being required), (y) that are only applicable to
periods after the Latest Maturity Date or (z) reflect market terms and conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) at the time of incurrence or issuance) and (e) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is secured by Collateral, it
shall be subject to the provisions of a Permitted First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance any such Indebtedness; 

157 

(r) (i) Capitalized Lease Obligations and any other Indebtedness incurred by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary arising from any Permitted Sale Lease-Back Transaction and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

(s) Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to current or former officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted by Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(a)(xvi)); 

(t) Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements of such
person in connection with Permitted Business Acquisitions or any other Investment permitted hereunder; 

(u) Indebtedness consisting of
(i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;

(v) (x) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary (measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) pursuant to this
clause (v)(x) so long as: 

(i) any such Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking pari passu with the
Liens securing the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, the Revolving Facility Loans or Other First Lien Debt (without regard to control of remedies) or is otherwise secured by an asset of a non-Loan
Party, on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to such Indebtedness and the use of the proceeds thereof, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (x) 3.00:1.00 or (y) if incurred in connection with a Permitted
Business Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test Period prior to giving effect to such incurrence of Indebtedness and any transactions occurring in connection therewith;
provided that (x) any such Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (i) that is secured by Collateral shall be subject to the provisions of a Permitted First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (y) any such Indebtedness pursuant to
this clause (i) that consists of term loans secured on a pari passu basis with the Loan Obligations shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.21(b)(v); 

(ii) any such Indebtedness secured by Junior Liens, on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to such Indebtedness
and the use of the proceeds thereof, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (x) 3.00:1.00 or (y) if incurred in connection with a Permitted Business Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio for
the then most recently ended Test Period prior to giving effect to such incurrence of Indebtedness and any transactions occurring in connection therewith; provided that any such Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (ii) that is secured
by Collateral shall be subject to the provisions of a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement; and 

158 

(iii) any such Indebtedness that is unsecured, on a Pro Forma Basis
immediately after giving effect to such Indebtedness and the use of the proceeds thereof, either (A) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to either (x) 2.00:1.00 or (y) if incurred in connection with a Permitted
Business Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio for the then most recently ended Test Period prior to giving effect to such incurrence of Indebtedness and any transactions occurring in connection
therewith, or (B) the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed (x) 5.00:1.00 or (y) if incurred in connection with a Permitted Business Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the then most recently
ended Test Period prior to giving effect to such incurrence of Indebtedness and any transactions occurring in connection therewith; and 

(iv) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance any such Indebtedness; 

provided, that the aggregate outstanding amount of Indebtedness (such outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) by
Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors under this clause (v) and under clause (h) above shall not exceed the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 25.0% of EBITDA (plus any increase in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing,
renewal or extension thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness); 

(w) the Borrowers 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2026 (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof); 

(x) [reserved]; 

(y)
[reserved]; 

(z) (i) Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (z)(i) in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings and (ii) any
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance any such Indebtedness; 

(aa) so long as no Event of Default is continuing or
would result therefrom, Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in an outstanding amount (such outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) pursuant to this clause (aa) that, together with any Permitted
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, does not exceed the greater of $50,000,000 and 25.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (plus any increase in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing, renewal or extension
thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness); 

(bb) Guarantees by
the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower, any Subsidiary and/or any joint venture with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited
by this Agreement; provided that in the case of any Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any non-Loan Party, the related Investment is permitted under Section 6.04; 

(cc) [reserved]; 

(dd)
[reserved]; 

159 

(ee) [reserved]; 

(ff) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in respect of any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued in favor of any Issuing
Bank to support any Defaulting Lenders participation in Letters of Credit issued hereunder; 

(gg) Indebtedness of the Borrower
and/or any Subsidiary supported by any Letter of Credit or any other letter of credit, bank guaranty or similar instrument otherwise permitted by this Section 6.01; 

(hh) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary
course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k); 

(ii)
without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to
Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary otherwise permitted under this Section 6.01; 

(jj) Indebtedness of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary in connection with, or as a result of, their exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, in each case, with respect to the Transactions or
any other Investment permitted hereunder; 

(kk) Indebtedness of any subsidiary that is a joint venture in an outstanding amount (such
outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) pursuant to this clause (kk) that, together with any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, does not exceed the greater of $10,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA for the
most recently ended Test Period (plus any increase in the amount thereof in connection with any refinancing, renewal or extension thereof to the extent such increase is permitted by the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness);
and 

(ll) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services
purchased in the ordinary course of business. 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01 or Section 6.02,
the amount of any Indebtedness denominated in any currency other than Dollars shall be calculated based on currency exchange rates in effect, in the case of such Indebtedness incurred (in respect of term Indebtedness) or committed (in respect of
revolving Indebtedness) on or prior to the Closing Date, on the Closing Date and, in the case of such Indebtedness incurred (in respect of term Indebtedness) or committed (in respect of revolving Indebtedness) after the Closing Date, on the date on
which such Indebtedness was incurred (in respect of term Indebtedness) or committed (in respect of revolving Indebtedness); provided, that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than
Dollars (or in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced), and such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of
such refinancing, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed (i) the outstanding or committed principal amount, as applicable,
of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus (ii) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing. 

160 

This Agreement will not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior in
right of payment to secured Indebtedness merely because it is unsecured or (2) senior Indebtedness as subordinated or junior in right of payment to any other senior Indebtedness merely because it has a junior priority with respect to the same
collateral. 

Section 6.02. Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any property or assets (including stock
or other securities of any person) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except the following (collectively, Permitted Liens): 

(a) Liens on property or assets of the Borrower and/or the Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date and, to the extent securing Indebtedness
in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $2,000,000, set forth on Schedule 6.02(a) and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof; provided, that such Liens shall secure only those obligations that they
secure on the Closing Date (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such obligations permitted by Section 6.01) and shall not subsequently apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than
(A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property or property type covered by such Lien and (B) proceeds and products thereof; 

(b) any Lien created under the Loan Documents (including Liens under the Security Documents securing obligations in respect of Secured Hedge
Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements); 

(c) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary securing
Indebtedness or Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(h); provided, that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such person becoming a Subsidiary, as the
case may be, and (ii) such Lien does not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries not securing such Indebtedness at the date of the acquisition of such property or asset and accessions and additions
thereto and proceeds and products thereof (other than accessions thereto and proceeds thereof so acquired or any after-acquired property of such person becoming a Subsidiary (but not of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, including any Loan Party
into which such acquired entity is merged) required to be subjected to such Lien pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness (and Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof)); 

(d) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies not yet delinquent by more than 30 days or that are being contested
in good faith in compliance with Section 5.03; 

(e) Liens imposed by law, constituting landlords, carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens, suppliers, construction or other like Liens, securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and in respect of which, if applicable, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have set aside on its books reserves in accordance with GAAP; 

161 

(f) (i) pledges and deposits and other Liens made in the ordinary course of business in
compliance with the Federal Employers Liability Act or any other workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations and deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance
arrangements in respect of such obligations and (ii) pledges and deposits and other Liens securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the
benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(g) deposits and
other Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for Indebtedness), leases (other than Capitalized Lease Obligations), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance and return of money bonds, bids, leases,
government contracts, trade contracts, agreements with utilities, and other obligations of a like nature (including letters of credit in lieu of any such bonds or to support the issuance thereof), in each case to the extent such deposits and other
Liens are in the ordinary course of business, including those incurred to secure health, safety and environmental obligations in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) zoning, land use and building restrictions, regulations and ordinances, easements, survey exceptions, minor encroachments by and on the
Real Property, railroad trackage rights, sidings and spur tracks, leases (other than Capitalized Lease Obligations), subleases, licenses, special assessments,
rights-of-way, covenants, conditions, restrictions and declarations on or with respect to the use of Real Property, reservations, restrictions and leases of or with
respect to oil, gas, mineral, riparian and water rights and water usage, servicing agreements, development agreements, site plan agreements and other similar encumbrances in the ordinary course of business and title defects or irregularities that
are of a minor nature and that, in the aggregate, do not interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(i); provided, that such Liens do not apply to any property or assets of
the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary other than the property or assets acquired, leased, constructed, replaced, repaired or improved with such Indebtedness (or the Indebtedness Refinanced thereby), and accessions and additions thereto, proceeds and
products thereof, customary security deposits and related property; provided, further, that individual financings provided by one lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings provided by such lender (and its Affiliates); 

(j) Liens arising out of any Permitted Sale Lease-Back Transaction, so long as such Liens attach only to the property sold and being leased in
such transaction and any accessions and additions thereto or proceeds and products thereof and related property; 

(k) (i) Liens
securing judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notice of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(j) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit securing any
settlement of litigation; 

162 

(l) any interest or title of a ground lessor or any other lessor, sublessor or licensor
under any ground leases or any other leases, subleases or licenses entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, and all Liens suffered or created by any such ground lessor or any other lessor, sublessor or
licensor (or any predecessor in interest) with respect to any such interest or title in the real property which is subject thereof; 

(m)
Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks and other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of
Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposits, sweep accounts, reserve accounts or similar accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary, including with respect to credit card charge-backs and similar obligations, or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers, suppliers or service providers of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Liens (i) arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision or
customary contractual provision in account documentation relating to bankers liens, rights of setoff or similar rights, (ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodity brokerage accounts in the ordinary course of business,
(iii) encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to brokerage accounts in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes, (iv) in respect of Third Party Funds,
(v) in favor of credit card companies pursuant to agreements therewith or (vi) in favor of banks or other financial institutions related to check, draft or similar instruments drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of
business or other cash management services; 

(o) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, warehouse
receipts, or similar obligations permitted under Section 6.01 and in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practices and not supporting obligations in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(p) leases or subleases, and licenses or sublicenses (including with respect to any fixtures, furnishings, equipment, vehicles or other
personal property, or Intellectual Property), granted to others in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(q) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the
importation of goods; 

(r) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in connection
with any letter of intent or purchase agreement in respect of any Investment permitted hereunder; 

(s) Liens with respect to property or
assets of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted under Section 6.01; 

(t) Liens (a) on any amounts held by a trustee under any indenture or other debt agreement issued in escrow pursuant to customary escrow
arrangements pending the release thereof, or under any indenture or other debt agreement pursuant to customary discharge, redemption or defeasance provisions or (b) on any amounts subject to an Escrow, pending the application of such amounts in
connection with the consummation of a transaction; 

163 

(u) the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered
into in the ordinary course of business; 

(v) agreements to subordinate any interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any accounts
receivable or other proceeds arising from inventory consigned by the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(w) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements regarding operating leases or other obligations not
constituting Indebtedness; 

(x) Liens (i) on Equity Interests in joint ventures (A) securing obligations of such joint venture
or (B) pursuant to the relevant joint venture agreement or arrangement, (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to
non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and (iii) on Equity Interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(y) [reserved]; 

(z)
[reserved]; 

(aa) Liens securing insurance premiums financing arrangements; 

(bb) in the case of Real Property that constitutes a leasehold interest, any Lien to which the fee simple interest (or any superior leasehold
interest) is subject (including ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries are located); 

(cc) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations (i) of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in favor of the Borrower or any Guarantor and
(ii) of any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor in favor of any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; 

(dd) Liens on cash or Cash
Equivalents securing Hedging Agreements in the ordinary course of business; 

(ee) Liens on goods or inventory the purchase, shipment or
storage price of which is financed by a letter of credit or bank guarantee issued or created for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; provided, that such Lien secures only the obligations of the
Borrower or such Subsidiaries in respect of such letter of credit, bank guarantee or bankers acceptance to the extent permitted under Section 6.01; 

(ff) Subordination, non-disturbance and/or attornment agreements with any ground lessor, lessor or any
mortgagor of any of the foregoing, with respect to any ground lease or other lease or sublease entered into by Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

164 

(gg) Liens on Collateral that are Other First Liens or Junior Liens, so long as such Other
First Liens or Junior Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by Sections 6.01(b), 6.01(q) and/or 6.01(v); 

(hh) Liens arising out of
conditional sale, title retention or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of goods by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(ii) with respect to any Real Property which is acquired in fee after the Closing Date, Liens which exist immediately prior to the date of
acquisition, excluding any Liens securing Indebtedness which is not otherwise permitted hereunder; provided, that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition and (ii) such Lien does not
apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(jj) [reserved]; 

(kk) [reserved]; 

(ll) Liens on
assets and Equity Interests of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Equity Interests owned by such persons) securing Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties; 

(mm) Liens on receivables and related assets in connection with Section 6.01(z); 

(nn) Liens on assets that are not Collateral pursuant to this clause (nn) (x) securing Indebtedness in an amount then outstanding (such
outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed), not to exceed the greater of (a) $50,000,000 and (b) 25.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period or (y) so long as the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans
and Initial Revolving Loans are equally and ratably secured; 

(oo) Liens (i) incidental to the conduct of the Borrowers and/or
its Subsidiaries businesses or the ownership of its property not securing any Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, and which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the Borrowers and its
Subsidiaries property when taken as a whole, or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business and/or (ii) with respect to property or assets of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary securing obligations under this clause
(oo)(ii) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount (such outstanding amount measured solely when incurred, created or assumed) that, together with the aggregate principal amount of other obligations that are secured pursuant to this clause
(oo)(ii), immediately after giving effect to such Liens, would not exceed the greater of (x) $80,000,000 and (y) 40.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 

(pp) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business (and other agreements pursuant to which
the Borrower or any Subsidiary has granted rights to end users to access and use the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys products, technologies or services) which do not secure any Indebtedness, and which do not materially interfere with the
ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and any of the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

165 

(qq) Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting
Investments permitted under Section 6.04 arising out of such repurchase transaction and reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts maintained
in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(rr) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(jj)
(to the extent arising by operation of law) and/or 6.01(kk) (only with respect to the assets of the joint venture); and 

(ss) with respect
to any Foreign Subsidiary, Liens arising mandatorily by legal requirements (and not as a result of under-capitalization of such Foreign Subsidiary). 

Section 6.03. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments. 

(a) (A) Declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property,
securities or a combination thereof, with respect to any of its Equity Interests (other than dividends and distributions on Equity Interests payable solely by the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the person declaring, paying or making such
dividends or distributions) or (B) directly or indirectly redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value (or permit any Subsidiary to purchase or acquire) any of its Equity Interests or set aside any amount for any such purpose (other
than through the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests) (all of the foregoing, Restricted Payments); provided, however, that: 

(i) Restricted Payments may be made to the Borrower or any Subsidiary (provided, that Restricted Payments made by a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary must be made on a pro rata basis (or more favorable basis from the perspective of the Borrower or such Subsidiary) to the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect
parent of such Subsidiary based on its ownership interests in such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary); 

(ii) the Borrower may repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value Equity Interests of the Borrower or
any subsidiary thereof held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer or consultant (or any immediate family member thereof) of the Borrower or any subsidiary of any of the foregoing (or any options, warrants, restricted stock
units or stock appreciation rights or other equity-linked interests issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests), together with any amounts needed to pay amounts needed to pay social security and medicare taxes for such Persons share
of any payroll or employment Taxes related to the foregoing: 

(A) with cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the
extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of Indebtedness issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof
held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer or consultant (or any immediate family member thereof) of the Borrower or any subsidiary of any of the foregoing) in an amount not to exceed $15,000,000, which, if not used in such
fiscal year, may be carried forward to the succeeding fiscal year; 

166 

(B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Equity Interest of the
Borrower (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Equity Interests, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, are not used to increase the Builder Basket or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount); and/or 

(C) with the net proceeds of any key-person life insurance policy; 

(iii) any person may make non-cash repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon
exercise or settlement of stock options or other Equity Interests to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of or withholding obligation with respect to such options or other Equity Interests; 

(iv) so long as no Event of Default is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this
clause (iv) from a substantially concurrent receipt of proceeds of any equity contribution (that is not in exchange for Disqualified Equity Interests) or any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests received by the Borrower after the Closing Date
that do not increase either the Builder Basket or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount; 

(v) any payments in
connection with a Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction; 

(vi) Restricted Payments may be made to make
payments, in cash, in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares, upon the exercise of warrants or upon the conversion or exchange of Equity Interests of any such person; 

(vii) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause
(vii) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $40,000,000 and (y) 20.0% of EBITDA for the last Test Period; 

(viii) [reserved]; 

(ix) [reserved]; 

(x) [reserved]; 

(xi) [reserved]; 

(xii) [reserved]; 

(xiii) [reserved]; 

(xiv) Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (xiv) in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the
Builder Basket on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (xiv) so long as (x) with respect to the portion of the Builder Basket referred to in clauses (iii), (iv) and (vii) of the definition thereof, no Event of
Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing at the time of the Restricted Payment and (y) with respect to any other portion of the Builder Basket, (i) no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing at the time of such Restricted Payment and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis would not exceed 5.40:1.00; 

167 

(xv) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (xv) in an amount not to exceed the Available Excluded Contribution Amount; 

(xvi) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, Restricted Payments may be made under any transactions permitted by
Sections (i) 6.01, (ii) Section 6.03(b), (iii) 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(dd)), (iv) 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)) and (v) 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(b)(vii)); 

(xvii) Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (xvii) to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise
acquire any Equity Interest (Treasury Capital Stock) of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary) of,
Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower (Refunding Capital Stock) and (ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a
Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock; 

(xviii) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the consummation of
the Transactions; 

(xix) Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (xix) to repurchase Equity Interests
upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests if such Equity Interests represents all or a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Equity Interests as part of a cashless exercise or required withholding or similar Taxes; 

(xx) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, payments of cash upon settlements of conversions or exchanges of
convertible notes; and 

(xxi) unlimited Restricted Payments may be made pursuant to this clause (xxi); provided that
at the time of such Restricted Payment, (A) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not exceed 4.15:1.00 and (B) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. 

(b) make any payment in cash on or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness secured by Junior Liens or any Subordinated
Indebtedness, in each case that constitutes Material Indebtedness (collectively, Junior Financing), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or
termination of any such Junior Financing, more than one year prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments), except: 

(i) with respect to any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement thereof made
by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01; 

168 

(ii) as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; 

(iii) payments of regularly scheduled principal and interest and
payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations as and when due; 

(iv) so long as, at the time of delivery of an
irrevocable notice with respect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to this clause (iv) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $40,000,000 and 20.0% of EBITDA for the
most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance
of, Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (in each case, other than to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
received by the Borrower after the Closing Date that do not increase either the Builder Basket or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount), (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Junior Financing
into Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment in-kind interest with respect to any Junior Financing that is
permitted under Section 6.01; 

(vi) Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to this clause (vi) in an aggregate amount
not to exceed (A) the portion, if any, of the Builder Basket on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(A) so long as (x) with respect to the portion of the Builder Basket referred to in clauses (iii), (iv) and
(vii) of the definition thereof, no Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) with respect to any other portion of the Builder Basket,
(i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis would not exceed 5.40:1.00, and/or (B) the portion, if any, of the Available
Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(B); 

(vii) unlimited
Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to this clause (vii); provided that at the time of such Restricted Debt Payment, (A) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis would not exceed 4.15:1.00 and (B) no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; 

(viii) Restricted Debt Payments that at the time of such
Restricted Debt Payment would have been permitted as Restricted Payments at such time as set forth in Section 6.03(a)(vii); provided that the amount of such Restricted Debt Payments shall constitute usage of a corresponding amount of
Restricted Payment capacity under Section 6.03(a)(vii) for all purposes of this Agreement; 

169 

(ix) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom,
redemptions, repayments and repurchases of the Borrowers outstanding 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2026; and 

(x) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payments of cash upon settlements of conversions or exchanges of
convertible notes. 

Section 6.04. Investments, Loans and Advances. (i) Purchase or acquire (including pursuant to any
merger with a person that is a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of Indebtedness or other securities of any other person, (ii) make any loans or
advances to or Guarantees of the Indebtedness of any other person, or (iii) purchase or otherwise acquire, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (x) all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of
another person or (y) assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such person (each of the foregoing, an Investment), except: 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) Investments
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) the outstanding amount (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) of such
Investments by Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed the greater of (x) $30,000,000 and (y) 15.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(c) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(d) Investments arising out of the receipt by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of noncash consideration for the Disposition of assets permitted
under Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)); 

(e) loans and advances to officers, directors, employees or consultants of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) in an aggregate outstanding amount pursuant to this clause (e)(i) (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) not to exceed the greater of
$2,500,000 and 1.25% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, (ii) in respect of payroll payments and expenses in the ordinary course of business and (iii) in connection with such persons purchase of Equity Interests of the
Borrower; 

(f) accounts receivable, security deposits and prepayments arising and trade credit granted in the ordinary course of business
and any assets or securities received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss and any prepayments and other credits to suppliers
made in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) Hedging Agreements entered into for non-speculative
purposes; 

170 

(h) Investments (not in Subsidiaries, which are provided in clause (b) above) existing
on, or contractually committed as of, the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.04 and any extensions, renewals, replacements or reinvestments thereof, so long as the aggregate amount of all Investments pursuant to this clause
(h) is not increased at any time above the amount of such Investment existing or committed on the Closing Date (other than pursuant to an increase as required by the terms of any such Investment as in existence on the Closing Date or as
otherwise permitted by this Section 6.04); 

(i) Investments resulting from pledges and deposits under Sections 6.02(a), (f),
(g), (m), (n), (q), (r), (t), (dd), (ii) and (kk); 

(j) Investments by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding amount
pursuant to this clause (j) (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) not to exceed the greater of (x) $60,000,000 and (y) 30.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period
(such outstanding amount measured solely at the time of the making of any such Investment); provided, that if any Investment pursuant to this Section 6.04(j) is made in any person that was not a Subsidiary on the date on which such
Investment was made but becomes a Subsidiary thereafter, then such Investment may, at the option of the Borrower, upon such person becoming a Subsidiary and so long as such person remains a Subsidiary, be deemed to have been made pursuant to
Section 6.04(b) (to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof) and not in reliance on this Section 6.04(j); 

(k) Permitted
Business Acquisitions; provided that (i) the outstanding amount (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) of such Investments in Subsidiaries that do not become
Guarantors (or, in the case of an acquisition of assets, assets that do not become Collateral) shall not exceed the greater of (x) $30,000,000 and (y) 15.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) after giving effect to such
Investment, the Total Net Leverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be less than or equal to 5.40:1.00; 

(l) Investments received in
connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with or judgments against, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business or Investments acquired by the Borrower or a
Subsidiary as a result of a foreclosure by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investments or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; 

(m) Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a person merged into the Borrower or merged into or consolidated with a
Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case, (i) to the extent such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation is permitted under this Section 6.04, (ii) in the case of any acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, in
accordance with Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)) and (iii) to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in
existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 

(n) acquisitions by the Borrower of obligations of one
or more officers or other employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with such officers or employees acquisition of Equity Interests of the Borrower, so long as no cash is actually advanced by the Borrower or any of the
Subsidiaries to such officers or employees in connection with the acquisition of any such obligations; 

171 

(o) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of operating leases (other than Capitalized
Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (b), (f), (g), (h), (i) or (j) of the definition thereof, in each case entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the
ordinary course of business; 

(p) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made with Qualified Equity Interests of
the Borrower; 

(q) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for
collection or deposit and Uniform Commercial Code Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers; 

(r) any Permitted Convertible
Indebtedness Call Transaction; 

(s) advances in the form of a prepayment of expenses, so long as such expenses are being paid in
accordance with customary trade terms of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; 

(t) Investments by the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary pursuant
to this clause (t), if the Borrower or any Subsidiary would otherwise be permitted to make a Restricted Payment under Section 6.03(a)(vii) in such amount (provided, that the amount of any such Investment shall constitute usage of a
corresponding amount of Restricted Payment capacity under Section 6.03(a)(vii) for all purposes of this Agreement); 

(u) so long as
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Investments in joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an outstanding amount pursuant to this clause (u) (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without
giving effect to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) not to exceed the greater of (x) $10,000,000 and (y) 5.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of Intellectual Property pursuant to joint marketing or other similar arrangements
with other persons; 

(w) to the extent constituting Investments, purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials and
equipment or purchases of contract rights or licenses or leases of Intellectual Property in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) any Investment in fixed income or other assets by any Subsidiary that is a so-called
captive insurance company (each, an Insurance Subsidiary) consistent with its customary practices of portfolio management; 

(y) Investments in connection with Permitted Reorganizations; 

(z) Investments pursuant to this clause (z) funded with the sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower or contributions to the Borrower
that does not increase the Builder Basket or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount or consideration paid in Equity Interests of the Borrower; 

(aa) [reserved]; 

172 

(bb) so long as no Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) and
(i) has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Investments pursuant to this clause (bb) of up to the available amount of the Builder Basket at the time such Investment is made; 

(cc) Investments pursuant to this clause (cc), so long as, at the time any such Investment is made and immediately after giving effect
thereto, (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis, would be less than or equal to 4.40:1.00; 

(dd) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments
permitted under Section 6.03(a) (other than Section 6.03(a)(xvi)), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.03(b) and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by
Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)); 

(ee) Investments pursuant to this clause (ee) made with the Available Excluded
Contribution Amount; 

(ff) Investments pursuant to this clause (ff) that at the time any such Investment is made would have been permitted
as Restricted Debt Payments at such time as set forth in Section 6.03(b)(iv); provided that the amount of such Investment shall constitute usage of a corresponding amount of Restricted Payment capacity under Section 6.03(b)(iv) for
all purposes under this Agreement; 

(gg) [reserved]; 

(hh) Investments in the Borrower or any Subsidiary and/or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and
related activities in the ordinary course of business; 

(ii) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which
such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary; 

(jj) Investments in subsidiaries in the form of receivables and related assets required in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing;

(kk) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, consult ants, independent contractors or other
service providers or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower; 

(ll) to the extent
that they constitute Investments, purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, intellectual property, or other rights or the contribution of intellectual
property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and 

(mm) commission, travel and
similar advances to officers, directors, employees and consultants made in the ordinary course of business. 

173 

Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will transfer to an Unrestricted Subsidiary the
ownership of (x) any intellectual property or (y) any other assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), in either case, that the Borrower determines in good faith is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

The amount of any Investment made other than in the form of cash or cash equivalents shall be the Fair Market Value thereof valued at the time
of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any subsequent write-downs or write-offs thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding amount of any Investment pursuant to this Section 6.04 shall be reduced by any returns on such
Investments received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

Section 6.05. Mergers, Consolidations; Asset Sales. Merge into,
amalgamate with or consolidate with any other person, or permit any other person to merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with it, or Dispose of (solely in one non-ordinary course transaction or in a
series of related non-ordinary course transactions other than, in each case, sales of assets in the ordinary course of business) all or any part of its assets or any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (whether
now owned or hereafter acquired), in each case, for (x) any individual Disposition involving assets with a Fair Market Value in excess of the greater of $4,000,000 and 2.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently
ended Test Period or (y) all such Dispositions made in any fiscal year involving assets with an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of the greater of $10,000,000 and 5.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently
ended Test Period, except that this Section 6.05 shall not prohibit: 

(a) (i) the purchase and Disposition of inventory or
equipment or other assets (including on an intercompany basis), (ii) the acquisition or lease (pursuant to an operating lease) of any other asset, (iii) the Disposition of surplus, obsolete, damaged or worn out equipment or other property and
(iv) the Disposition of Cash Equivalents, in each case pursuant to this clause (a) (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or, with respect to operating leases,
otherwise for Fair Market Value on market terms; 

(b) if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (i) the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Subsidiary with or into the Borrower in a transaction in which such Borrower is the survivor, (ii) the merger,
amalgamation or consolidation of any Subsidiary with or into any Guarantor in a transaction in which the surviving or resulting entity is or becomes a Guarantor and, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), no person other than the Borrower
or a Guarantor receives any consideration (unless otherwise permitted by Section 6.04), (iii) the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor,
(iv) the liquidation or dissolution or change in form of entity of any Subsidiary if (x) the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation, dissolution or change in form is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not
materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and (y) the same meets the requirements contained in the proviso to Section 5.01(a), (v) any Subsidiary may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other person in order to effect an Investment
permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 so long as the continuing or surviving person shall be a Subsidiary (unless otherwise permitted by Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(m)(ii))), which shall be a Loan Party if the merging,
amalgamating or consolidating Subsidiary was a Loan Party and which together with each of its Subsidiaries shall have complied with any applicable requirements of Section 5.10 or (vi) any Subsidiary may merge, amalgamate or consolidate
with any other person in order to effect an Asset Sale otherwise permitted pursuant to this Section 6.05; 

174 

(c) Dispositions from a Loan Party to any other Loan Party; 

(d) Dispositions of any property subject to a Permitted Sale Lease-Back Transaction; provided, that the Net Proceeds thereof, if any,
are applied in accordance with Section 2.11(b) to the extent required thereby. 

(e) Investments permitted by Section 6.04 (other
than Section 6.04(d), Section 6.04(m)(ii), including intercompany dispositions permitted thereunder, and Section 6.04(dd)), Permitted Liens, and Restricted Payments and Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.03 (other
than Section 6.03(a)(xvi)); 

(f) the discount or sale, in each case without recourse and in the ordinary course of business, of past
due receivables arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof consistent with customary industry practice (and not as part of any bulk sale or financing of receivables); 

(g) Dispositions of assets; provided, that (i) the Net Proceeds thereof, if any, are applied in accordance with
Section 2.11(b) to the extent required thereby, (ii) any such Dispositions shall comply with the final sentence of this Section 6.05 and (iii) the Borrower may not dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole in one transaction or a series of related transactions pursuant to this clause (g); 

(h) Permitted
Business Acquisitions (including any merger, consolidation or amalgamation in order to effect a Permitted Business Acquisition); provided, that following any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation involving the Borrower, such Borrower is
the surviving entity or the requirements of Section 6.05(q) are otherwise complied with; 

(i) leases, licenses or subleases or
sublicenses of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Dispositions of inventory or Dispositions or
abandonment of Intellectual Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in good faith by the management of the Borrower to be no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful or necessary in the operation of the business of the
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; 

(k) the settlement or early termination of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction;

(l) the Transactions; 

(m)
exchanges or swaps of assets in exchange for other assets (including any combination of assets along with cash or Cash Equivalents so long as the Net Proceeds thereof, if any, are applied in accordance with Section 2.11(b) to the extent
required thereby) of comparable or greater value or usefulness to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a whole, determined in good faith by the management of the Borrower; 

175 

(n) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in
connection with a Permitted Business Acquisition or other permitted Investment or made to obtain the approval of an anti-trust authority and any Dispositions made to comply with an order of any agency or state authority or other regulatory body or
any applicable law or regulation, in each case so long as the Net Proceeds thereof, if any, are applied in accordance with Section 2.11(b) to the extent required thereby; 

(o) Dispositions of (i) accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any discount and/or forgiveness thereof and
sales to factors or similar third parties) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (ii) receivables and related assets pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing; 

(p) licensing arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(q) if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall be continuing or would result therefrom,
(A) any Subsidiary or any other person may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be the surviving entity or (B) any Subsidiary or any other person may be merged,
amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole may be Disposed of to any person; provided that, in the case of this subclause
(B) either the Borrower shall be the surviving entity or, if the surviving person (or the person to whom all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are disposed) is not the Borrower (such other person, the
Successor Borrower), (1) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (2) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume
all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
to the extent required by Section 5.10, (3) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Guarantee Agreement, as applicable, confirmed that its guarantee
thereunder shall apply to any Successor Borrowers obligations under this Agreement, (4) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to any applicable Security
Document affirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to its guarantee as reaffirmed pursuant to clause (3), and (5) the Successor Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent (x) a certificate of a Responsible Officer
stating that such merger, amalgamation or consolidation does not violate this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if requested by the Administrative Agent, an opinion of counsel to the effect that such merger, amalgamation or
consolidation does not violate this Agreement or any other Loan Document and covering such other matters as are contemplated by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be covered in opinions of counsel (it being understood that if the foregoing
are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement); provided that this subclause (B) shall not apply at any time any Revolving Facility Commitments are outstanding; 

176 

(r) Dispositions to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit
against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(s) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between joint venture
or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; 

(t) Dispositions and/or
terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and any of
the Subsidiaries or (ii) which relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product or business line; 

(u) (i) any
termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or
surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business; 

(v) Dispositions of property
subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding); 

(w)
Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed (or otherwise in connection with the closing or
sale of any facility); 

(x) [reserved]; 

(y) terminations or unwinds of Hedging Agreements; 

(z) Dispositions of Equity Interests of, or sales of Indebtedness or other securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and 

(aa) Dispositions of real property and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation activities for
directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary. 

Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will
transfer to an Unrestricted Subsidiary the ownership of (x) any intellectual property or (y) any other assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), in either case, that the Borrower determines in good faith is material to the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.05 above, no Disposition of
assets under Section 6.05(g) shall be permitted unless, (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such Disposition pursuant to Section 6.05(g) or would result therefrom, (ii) such Disposition
pursuant to Section 6.05(g) is for Fair Market Value, and (iii) with respect to any individual Disposition or series of related Dispositions pursuant to Section 6.05(g) involving assets with a Fair Market Value exceeding $25,000,000,
at least 75% of the 

177 

proceeds of such Disposition or Dispositions (except to Loan Parties) consist of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided, that for purposes of this clause (iii), each of the following shall be
deemed to be cash: (a) the amount of any liabilities (as shown on the Borrowers or such Subsidiarys most recent balance sheet or in the notes thereto) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets or are otherwise cancelled
in connection with such transaction, (b) any notes or other obligations or other securities or assets received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary from the transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Subsidiary into cash within 180
days after receipt thereof (to the extent of the cash and Cash Equivalents received) and (c) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration outstanding received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries having an
aggregate Fair Market Value not to exceed, in the aggregate for all Dispositions under Section 6.05(g), the greater of (x) $10,000,000 and (y) 5.0% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period when received (with the Fair Market Value of
each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured solely at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value). 

Section 6.06. Transactions with Affiliates. 

(a) Sell or transfer any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other
transaction with, any of its Affiliates involving an aggregate consideration in excess of $10,000,000 unless such transaction is (i) otherwise permitted (or required) under this Agreement; or (ii) upon terms that are substantially no less
favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a person that is not an Affiliate or is otherwise fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary from a financial point
of view, in each case, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such Subsidiary in good faith. 

(b) The foregoing clause
(a) shall not prohibit, to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement, 

(i) any issuance of securities, or
other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, equity purchase agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower, 

(ii) Transaction Costs, 

(iii) transactions among the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any entity that becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction
(including via merger, consolidation or amalgamation in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is the surviving entity), 

(iv)
the payment of fees, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and indemnities to directors, officers, consultants and employees of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business, 

(v) [reserved], 

(vi) (A) any employment agreements entered into by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business, (B) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with employees, officers or directors and (C) any employee compensation, benefit
plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers employees, and any reasonable employment contract and transactions pursuant thereto, 

178 

(vii) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, Restricted Payments
and Restricted Debt Payments permitted under Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(a)(xvi)) and Investments permitted under Section 6.04, 

(viii) transactions for the purchase or sale of goods, equipment, products, parts and services entered into in the ordinary
course of business, 

(ix) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter
addressed to the Board of Directors of the Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm, in each case of nationally recognized standing that is in the good faith determination of the Borrower qualified to render such letter,
which letter states that (i) such transaction is on terms that are substantially no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would be obtained in a comparable
arms-length transaction with a person that is not an Affiliate or (ii) such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, from a financial point of view, 

(x) transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of goods, equipment, products, parts and services entered into in
the ordinary course of business or any other transaction with a joint venture that is not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents, 

(xi) affiliate transactions constituting part of any Permitted Reorganization, 

(xii) transactions between the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and any person, a director of which is also a director of
the Borrower; provided, however, that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower on any matter involving such other person, 

(xiii) transactions permitted by, and complying with, the provisions of Section 6.05, 

(xiv) intercompany transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) for the
purpose of improving the consolidated Tax efficiency of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth herein, 

(xv) payments, loans (or cancellation of loans) or advances to employees or consultants that are (i) approved by a
majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Borrower in good faith, (ii) made in compliance with applicable law and (iii) otherwise permitted under this Agreement, 

179 

(xvi) transactions with customers, clients or suppliers, or purchasers or
sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of business that are fair to the Borrower or the Subsidiaries, 

(xvii) transactions existing on the Closing Date and described on Schedule 6.06, 

(xviii) transactions entered into by a Person prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or is merged or consolidated
into the Borrower or a Subsidiary (provided such transaction is not entered into in contemplation of such event), and 

(xix) transactions where the only consideration paid by any Loan Party is Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary. 

Section 6.07. Business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; Etc. Engage at any time in any material
respect in any business or business activity substantially different from any business or business activity conducted by any of them on the Closing Date or any Similar Business. 

Section 6.08. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions and Negative Pledge Clauses. Permit the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enter
into any agreement or instrument that by its terms restricts (A) the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash advances to the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary or
(B) the granting of Liens by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to secure the Obligations, in each case other than those arising under any Loan Document, except, in each case, restrictions existing by reason of: 

(a) restrictions imposed by applicable law; 

(b) (i) contractual encumbrances or restrictions existing on the Closing Date, (ii) any agreements that does not materially expand
the scope of any such encumbrance or restriction (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) beyond those restrictions applicable on the Closing Date or (iii) with respect to any Subsidiary, any restriction that is not materially more
restrictive (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) than the most restrictive restrictions applicable to such Subsidiary existing on the Closing Date; 

(c) any restriction on a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of the Equity Interests or
assets of a Subsidiary pending the closing of such sale or disposition; 

(d) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other
similar agreements applicable to joint ventures entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) any restrictions imposed by any
agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the specific property or assets securing such Indebtedness; 

180 

(f) any restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to (i) Indebtedness permitted
pursuant to Sections 6.01(c) or 6.01(n), in each case, solely with respect to any accounts, cash, cash equivalents or cash collateral related thereto, (ii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 6.01(h), 6.01(ee) or 6.01(kk), in
each case, solely with respect to the Subsidiary to which such Indebtedness relates, (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 6.01(i) or 6.01(r), in each case, solely with respect to the assets to which such Indebtedness relates,
(iv) Indebtedness of a non-Loan Party that is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01, solely with respect to the Subsidiary to which such Indebtedness relates, (v) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to
Sections 6.01(b) and 6.01(q), (vi) any Permitted Receivables Financing solely with respect to the assets subject to such Permitted Receivables Financing and (vii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01 or Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect thereof, to the extent such restrictions are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the restrictions contained in this Agreement (in each case, as determined in good faith by the Borrower); 

(g) customary provisions contained in leases or licenses of Intellectual Property and other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business; 

(h) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest; 

(i) customary provisions restricting assignment, mortgaging or hypothecation of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(j) customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of any
asset permitted under Section 6.05 pending the consummation of such sale, transfer, lease or other disposition; 

(k) Permitted Liens
and customary restrictions and conditions contained in the document relating thereto, so long as (1) such restrictions or conditions relate only to the specific asset subject to such Lien, and (2) such restrictions and conditions are not
created for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Section 6.08; 

(l) customary net worth provisions contained in
Real Property leases entered into by Subsidiaries, so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith that such net worth provisions would not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing
obligations; 

(m) any agreement in effect at the time a person becomes a Subsidiary, so long as such agreement was not entered into in
contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary; 

(n) customary restrictions contained in leases, subleases, licenses or Equity
Interests or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby as long as such restrictions relate to the Equity Interests and assets subject thereto; 

(o) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(p) restrictions in agreements (other than agreements governing Indebtedness of Subsidiaries) that (as determined in good faith by the
Borrower) will not prevent the Borrower from satisfying its payment obligations in respect of the Facilities; 

181 

(q) restrictions arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms
of any license, authorization, concession or permit; 

(r) restrictions arising in any Hedging Agreement and/or any agreement relating to
Cash Management Agreement; 

(s) any prohibitions on the creation of any Lien on, or transfer of, any aircraft; and 

(t) any encumbrances or restrictions imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings,
replacements or refinancings of or similar arrangements to the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (s) above; provided, that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases,
supplements, refundings, replacements, refinancings or similar arrangements are, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to such dividend and other payment restrictions than those contained in the dividend or
other payment restrictions as contemplated by such provisions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement, refinancing or similar arrangement. 

Section 6.09. Amendments to Junior Financing. The Borrower will not (nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to) effect any
waiver, supplement, modification or amendment of any indenture, instrument or agreement governing any Junior Financing if (i) such waiver, supplement, modification or amendment has the effect of modifying such Junior Financing in a manner that
would not have been permitted under this Agreement at the time such Junior Financing was incurred and (ii) the effect of such waiver, supplement, modification or amendment would be materially adverse to the Lenders (it being understood that the
foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit debt refinancing, replacement or exchange permitted pursuant to Section 6.03(b)). 

Section 6.10. Financial Covenant. Except with the written consent of the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, permit the First
Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any Test Period (commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date) to be greater than 3.25:1.00. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.10 shall be in effect (and shall only be in effect) as of the last day of any Test Period
when the aggregate amount of L/C Obligations and Revolving Facility Loans outstanding as of the end of such fiscal quarter (with respect to L/C Obligations, excluding (x) undrawn Letters of Credit of up to $7,500,000 and (y) Letters of
Credit then outstanding that have been Cash Collateralized) exceeds 35% of the aggregate amount of all Revolving Facility Commitments (it being understood that in all cases calculation of compliance with this Section 6.10 shall be determined as
of the last day of such Test Period). 

182 

ARTICLE VII 

Events of Default 

Section 7.01. Events of Default. In case of the happening of any of the following events (each, an Event of
Default): 

(a) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower or any Guarantor herein or in any other Loan
Document or any certificate or document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made or deemed made, and if such incorrect representation or warranty is capable of being cured
(including by a restatement of any relevant financial statements), such incorrectness shall remain incorrect for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; 

(b) default shall be made in (i) the payment of any principal of any Loan or L/C Borrowing when and as the same shall become due and
payable and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days or (ii) the failure to deposit Cash Collateral when due, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or by
acceleration thereof or otherwise, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; 

(c) default
shall be made in the payment of any interest on any Loan or in the payment of any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (b) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and
such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; 

(d) default shall be made in the due observance or
performance by the Borrower of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in, Section 5.01(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower) or 5.05(a) or in Article VI; provided, that the failure to observe or perform the Financial Covenant
shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Facility unless the Required Revolving Facility Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Facility Loans then outstanding as a result of such breach and such declaration has not been
rescinded; 

(e) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by the Borrower or any of the Guarantors of any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above) and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower; 

(f) the Borrower or any Guarantor (whether as primary obligor or as guarantor or other surety) shall fail to pay any principal
of, or premium or interest on, any Material Indebtedness that is outstanding, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue
after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing or governing such Indebtedness; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness
and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition 

183 

is to accelerate, or permit to the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other
than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or any offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof;
provided, that (A) such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to this Section 7.01 and (B) this clause
(f) shall not apply to (I) any secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if (x) such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the
documents providing for such Indebtedness and (y) repayments are made as required by the terms of the respective Indebtedness or (II) any conversion of, or event which permits the conversion of, convertible debt (whether or not such
conversion is to be settled in cash or capital stock or a combination thereof) and the settlement of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction; 

(g) there shall have occurred a Change of Control; 

(h) an involuntary case or proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction
seeking (i) relief in respect of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, or of a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other federal, state or foreign
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or any other Debtor Relief Law, (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, examiner, liquidator or similar official for the Borrower or any of the Significant
Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower or any of the Significant Subsidiaries or (iii) the winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution, compromise,
arrangement or other relief of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (except in a transaction permitted hereunder); and any such case or proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering
any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(i) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any case or
proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under the Bankruptcy Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or any other Debtor Relief Law, (ii) consent to the
institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any case or proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (h) above, (iii) apply for or consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, the
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, examiner, liquidator or similar official for the Borrower or any of the Significant Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower or any
Significant Subsidiary, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such case or proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) become unable or fail
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(j) the failure by the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary to pay any final judgment in
excess of the greater of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 12.5% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (to the extent not paid or covered by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance or indemnities as to which the relevant third party
insurance company or third party has been notified of such judgment and has not denied coverage), which judgments are not discharged or effectively waived or stayed for a period of 60 consecutive days, or any action shall be legally taken by a
judgment creditor to attach or levy upon assets or properties of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 

184 

(k) (i) an ERISA Event shall have occurred, (ii) the PBGC shall institute
proceedings (including giving notice of intent thereof) to terminate any Plan or Plans or (iii) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the trustees, administrator or other fiduciary of a Multiemployer
Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is being terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; and in each case in clauses (i) through (iii) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(l) (i) any Loan Document shall for any reason (other than the
occurrence of the Termination Date) be asserted in writing by the Borrower or any Guarantor not to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of any party thereto, (ii) any security interest purported to be created by any Security Document shall
cease to be (other than in accordance with it terms), or shall be asserted in writing by the Borrower or any other Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected security interest with respect to assets that constitute a material portion of the
Collateral (perfected as or having the priority required by this Agreement or the relevant Security Document and subject to such limitations and restrictions as are set forth herein and therein) in the securities, assets or properties covered
thereby, except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, the occurrence of the Termination Date, the limitations of foreign laws, rules and
regulations as they apply to pledges of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries or the application thereof, or from failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities pledged
under the Collateral Agreement, to file any filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements (so long as such failure does not result from
the breach or non-compliance with the Loan Documents by any Loan Party), or (iii) a material portion of the Guarantees pursuant to the Loan Documents by the Guarantors guaranteeing the Obligations, shall
cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms thereof), or shall be asserted in writing by the Borrower or any Guarantor not to be in effect or not to be legal, valid and binding obligations (other than in accordance
with the terms thereof). 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) above), and
at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a failure to observe or perform the Financial Covenant, where the Required Revolving Facility Lenders
have accelerated any Revolving Facility Loans then outstanding as a result of such breach and such declaration has not been rescinded, the Required Revolving Facility Lenders) may, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions,
at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part (in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may
thereafter be declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder and
under any other Loan Document, shall 

185 

become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, anything contained herein or in
any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding and (iii) demand Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.05(j); and in any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) above, the Commitments shall
automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall
automatically become due and payable and the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have made a demand for Cash Collateral to the full extent permitted under Section 2.05(j), without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Section 7.02. [Reserved]. 

Section 7.03. Application of Funds. Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
(whether as a result of any realization on the Collateral, any setoff or recoupment rights, any distribution in connection with any case or proceedings or other action of any Loan Party in respect of Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise and whether
received in cash or otherwise) (i) not constituting (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied on a pro rata basis among the relevant Lenders under the
Class of Loans being prepaid as specified by the Borrower) or (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the
Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied, subject to the provisions of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, ratably first, to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements due to the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any Issuing Bank from the Borrower (including post-petition fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements hereunder, whether or not an allowed claim in any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief
Laws), second, to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due hereunder to the Secured Parties (all in their respective capacities as such) from the Borrower, third, to pay interest (including post-petition interest, whether or not
an allowed claim in any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws) then due and payable on the Loans and on obligations arising under each Secured Cash Management Agreement and Secured Hedge Agreement ratably, fourth, to repay principal
on the Loans and unreimbursed disbursements under any Letter of Credit, to Cash Collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit, and to pay any other amounts owing with respect to Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements and
any other Obligations due to the Secured Parties ratably; provided, that amounts which are applied to Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit that remain available after expiry of the applicable Letter of Credit shall be applied in
the manner set forth herein, fifth, after all Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Requirements of Law. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded
from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or
Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment
of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agent pursuant to the terms of Article VIII hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if it were a Lender party hereto. 

186 

ARTICLE VIII 

The Agents 

Section 8.01. Appointment. 

(a) Each Lender (in its capacities as a Lender and the Swingline Lender (if applicable) and on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as
potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) and each Issuing Bank (in such capacities and on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements and
Secured Hedge Agreements) hereby irrevocably designates and appoints (i) Morgan Stanley as the Term Facility Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) Citibank as Revolving Facility Administrative
Agent and Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and Security Documents, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as
are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary
relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. The provisions
of this Article (other than the final paragraph of Section 8.12 hereof) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have any rights as a
third-party beneficiary of any such provisions. 

(b) In furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender (in its capacities as a Lender and the
Swingline Lender (if applicable) and on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements) and each Issuing Bank (in such capacities and on behalf of itself and its
Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements) hereby appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any
and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent (and any Subagents appointed by
the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights or remedies thereunder at the direction of
the Collateral Agent) shall be entitled to the benefits of this Article VIII (including Section 8.07) as though the Collateral Agent (and any such Subagents) were an Agent under the Loan Documents, as if set forth in full herein
with respect thereto. 

187 

Section 8.02. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent may execute any of their respective duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof)) by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall be responsible
for the negligence or misconduct of any such agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. Each Agent may also from time to time, when it
deems it to be necessary or desirable, appoint one or more trustees, co-trustees, collateral co-agents, collateral subagents or attorneys-in-fact (each, a Subagent) with respect to all or any part of the Collateral; provided, that no such Subagent shall be authorized to take any action with respect to any
Collateral unless and except to the extent expressly authorized in writing by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Should any instrument in writing from the Borrower or any other Loan Party be required by any Subagent so appointed by an
Agent to more fully or certainly vest in and confirm to such Subagent such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrower shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon
request by such Agent. If any Subagent, or successor thereto, shall become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Subagent, to the extent permitted by law, shall automatically vest in and be
exercised by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent until the appointment of a new Subagent. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent,
attorney-in-fact or Subagent that it selects with reasonable care. 

Section 8.03. Exculpatory Provisions. None of the Agents, their respective Affiliates or any of their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such person under or
in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have
resulted from its or such persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof
contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for
the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Loan Documents or to assure that the
Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to any Loan Document have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority or for the value or the sufficiency of any
Collateral or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the
agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. No Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the
other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no
Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the respective

188 

Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan
Documents); provided, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or
applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Laws or that may affect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation
of any Debtor Relief Laws and (c) no Agent shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, or be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until
written notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.05. No Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral or
(vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have
any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not
(x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Lender or a Net Short Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any
assignment or participation of Loans and/or Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower,
any of its Subsidiaries, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of any determination of any Dollar Equivalent. 

Section 8.04.
Reliance by Agents. Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message,
Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to have been made by the proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to any Credit Event that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a
Lender or any Issuing Bank, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless such Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank prior to such Credit Event. Each
Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action 

189 

taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Each Agent may deem and treat the Lender specified in the Register with respect to any amount
owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with such Agent in accordance with Section 9.04. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing
or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all or other Lenders) as it deems appropriate or
it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in
acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all or other Lenders), and such request and any action taken or
failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 

Section 8.05. Notice
of Default. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless such Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such
Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default. In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative
Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all or other Lenders); provided, that unless and until the
Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable
in the best interests of the Lenders. 

Section 8.06. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other
Lenders. Each Lender and Issuing Bank expressly acknowledges that neither the Agents nor any of their respective Related Parties have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any review
of the affairs of a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender and Issuing Bank represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into the business, operations, property,
financial and other condition and creditworthiness of, the Loan Parties and their Affiliates and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in
taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Loan Parties and their Affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide
any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of
the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 

190 

Section 8.07. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify each Agent and the
Revolving Facility Lenders agree to indemnify each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, in each case in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), in the amount of
its pro rata share (based on its aggregate Revolving Facility Credit Exposure and, in the case of the indemnification of each Agent, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments hereunder; provided, that the aggregate principal amount
of Swingline Loans owing to the Swingline Lender and of any disbursement under any Letter of Credit owing to any Issuing Bank shall be considered to be owed to the Revolving Facility Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving
Facility Credit Exposure) (determined at the time such indemnity is sought or, if the respective Obligations have been repaid in full, as determined immediately prior to such repayment in full), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations,
claims (including intra-party claims), losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by
or asserted against such Agent or such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any
portion of such liabilities, obligations, claims, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of
competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agents, Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders gross negligence or willful misconduct. The failure of any Lender to reimburse any Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case
may be, promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by the Lenders to such Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation
hereunder to reimburse such Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to reimburse such Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as
the case may be, for such other Lenders ratable share of such amount. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Section 9.05 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such
sub-agent), such Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or
indemnity payment is sought) based on each Lenders share of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans and Revolving Facility Commitments in effect at such time (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments have terminated, Revolving Facility
Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time
that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided, further that, the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or
asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the
Administrative Agent (or any such subagent), the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity. 

191 

The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts
payable hereunder. 

Section 8.08. Agent in Its Individual Capacity. Each Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept
deposits from, and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it and with respect to any Letter of Credit issued, or Letter of Credit or Swingline
Loan participated in, by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and
Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 

Section 8.09. Successor Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent and, if applicable, Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. Any such resignation by the Administrative
Agent hereunder shall also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, in which case the resigning Administrative Agent (x) shall not be required to issue any further Letters of Credit or make any
additional Swingline Loans hereunder and (y) shall maintain all of its rights as Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it, or Swingline Loans made by it, prior to the date of such
resignation. Upon any such resignation, then the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the reasonable consent of the Borrower (so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and be
continuing), to appoint a successor which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the
Administrative Agent and, if applicable, Collateral Agent, and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agents rights, powers
and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted
appointment as Administrative Agent by the date that is 30 days following a retiring Administrative Agents notice of resignation, and the retiring Administrative Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective (except,
if applicable, in the case of the Collateral Agent holding collateral security on behalf of such Secured Parties, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security as nominee until such time as a successor Collateral
Agent is appointed), and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, Collateral Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for
above. After any retiring Administrative Agents resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it, its Subagents and
their respective Related Parties while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

192 

Section 8.10. Arrangers, Etc. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document, each of the persons named on the cover page hereof as Arranger, syndication agent or documentation agent is named as such for recognition purposes only, and in its capacity as such shall have no
rights, duties, responsibilities or liabilities with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except that each such person and its Affiliates shall be entitled to the rights expressly stated to be applicable to them in
Sections 4.01, 9.05 and 9.17 (subject to the applicable obligations and limitations as set forth therein). 

Section 8.11.
Security Documents and Collateral Agent. The Lenders and the other Secured Parties authorize the Collateral Agent to release any Collateral or Guarantors in accordance with Section 9.18 or if approved, authorized or ratified in
accordance with Section 9.08. 

The Lenders and the other Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize and instruct the Collateral
Agent to, without any further consent of any Lender or any other Secured Party, enter into (or acknowledge and consent to) or amend, renew, extend, supplement, restate, replace, waive or otherwise modify any Permitted First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, any Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor or subordination agreement contemplated by this Agreement (in form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and deemed appropriate by it) with the collateral agent or
other representative of holders of Indebtedness secured (and permitted to be secured) by a Lien on assets constituting all or a portion of the Collateral under any of Sections 6.02 (and in accordance with the relevant requirements thereof) (any
of the foregoing, an Intercreditor Agreement). The Lenders and the other Secured Parties irrevocably agree that (x) the Collateral Agent may rely exclusively on a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as to
whether any such other Liens are permitted hereunder and as to the respective assets constituting Collateral that secure (and are permitted to secure) such Indebtedness hereunder and (y) any Intercreditor Agreement entered into by the
Collateral Agent shall be binding on the Secured Parties, and each Lender and other Secured Party hereby agrees that it will take no actions contrary to the provisions of, if entered into and if applicable, any Intercreditor Agreement. Furthermore,
the Lenders and the other Secured Parties hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document
(i) to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(c), (i), (j), (t), (x), (ll) or (mm), in each case to the extent the contract or agreement pursuant to which such Lien is granted prohibits any other Liens on
such property or (ii) that is or becomes Excluded Property; and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall do so upon reasonable request of the Borrower; provided, that prior to any such request, the Borrower shall have in
each case delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (x) that such Lien is permitted under this Agreement, (y) in the case of a request pursuant to clause (i) of this
sentence, that the contract or agreement pursuant to which such Lien is granted prohibits any other Lien on such property and (z) in the case of a request pursuant to clause (ii) of this sentence, that (A) such property is or has
become Excluded Property and (B) if such property has become Excluded Property as a result of a contractual restriction, such restriction does not violate Section 6.08. 

193 

Section 8.12. Right to Realize on Collateral, Enforce Guarantees, and Credit
Bidding. In the event of the pendency of any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, (i) the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Obligation
shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such case or
proceeding or otherwise (A) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest and fees and expenses owing and unpaid in respect of any or all of the Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other
documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and any Subagents allowed in such judicial proceeding, and (B) to collect and receive any monies or other
property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, and (ii) any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each
Lender and Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due
for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or
Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such case or proceeding. 

Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and each Secured Party hereby agree that (a) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee set forth in any Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that all powers,
rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof, and all powers, rights and remedies under the Security Documents may be exercised solely by the
Collateral Agent; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lenders may exercise the set-off rights contained in Section 9.06 in the manner set forth therein, and (b) in the event of a
foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other
disposition and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing), shall be
entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price
for any collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale or other Disposition. 

The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize
the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed
in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code,
including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or any other Debtor Relief Law in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is

194 

subject or (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of Collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by
judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with
Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the
contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection
with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (x) to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (y) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided
that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders,
irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (i) through (vii) of Section 9.08(b) of this Agreement), and (z) the Administrative
Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata to the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests
and/or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (ii) to the extent
that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the
amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of
the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 

Section 8.13. Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable Requirement of Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold
from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the IRS or any authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts
paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered
the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by any applicable Loan Party and without limiting
the obligation of any applicable Loan Party to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including penalties, fines, additions to Tax and interest, together with all expenses
incurred, including legal expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 8.13. 

195 

Section 8.14. Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements.
No Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 7.03, any Guarantee or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of the Guarantee Agreement or any Security Document shall have any right to notice of any
action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such
case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIII to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory
arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Secured Obligations, together with
such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. 

Section 8.15. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets
(within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments
or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house
asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

196 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments
and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

Section 8.16. Erroneous Payments. 

(a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that
the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly
received by, such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Erroneous
Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such
Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day
from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert any right or
claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the
return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or any Issuing Bank under this clause
(a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

197 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender and each Issuing Bank
hereby further agrees that if it receives an Erroneous Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the
Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Erroneous Payment (an Erroneous Payment Notice), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by an Erroneous Payment Notice, or (z) that such Lender or Issuing
Bank otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), in each case, an error has been made (and that it is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of receipt of such Erroneous Payment)
with respect to such Erroneous Payment, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on
discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge (or deemed knowledge) of such error) notify
the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment
(or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including
the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, shall cause each of the Guarantors to agree that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered
from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to such amount and (y) an
Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 

(c) Each partys obligations under this Section 8.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the
termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE IX 

Miscellaneous

Section 9.01. Notices; Communications. 

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in
Section 9.01(b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier or other electronic
means as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank as of the Closing Date or the Swingline Lender to the
address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such person on Schedule 9.01; and 

198 

(ii) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to the address, telecopier
number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

(b) Notices and other communications
to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the
Administrative Agent; provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II if such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of
receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by them, provided, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

(c) Notices
sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received. Notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal
business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in Section 9.01(b) above
shall be effective as provided in such Section 9.01(b). 

(d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices
and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(e) Documents required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.04 may be delivered electronically (including as set forth in Section 9.17) and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto
on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01, or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each
Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided, that (A) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (B) the Borrower shall notify the
Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Except for such certificates required
by Section 5.04(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any
such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 

199 

Section 9.02. Survival of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, representations
and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein, in the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments prepared or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have
been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the making by the Lenders of the Loans and the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the issuance of the Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by such
persons or on their behalf, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreements contained herein, the provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 9.05, 9.16 and 9.22 and
Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any
other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 

Section 9.03. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective
when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received copies hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender, and each Lender and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) other than as permitted by Section 6.05(q), the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or
obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 9.04. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in clause (c) of this Section 9.04), and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each
of the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in subclause (ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (each, an
Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of: 

(A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), which consent will be deemed to have
been given if the Borrower has not responded within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of any request for such consent; provided, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required (x) for an assignment in connection with the
primary syndication of the Facilities previously identified to and consented to (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) by the Borrower, (y) for an 

200 

assignment of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund (as defined below), or for an assignment of a Revolving Facility Commitment or Revolving Facility Loan to a
Revolving Facility Lender, an Affiliate of a Revolving Facility Lender or Approved Fund with respect to a Revolving Facility Lender or (z) if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing,
for an assignment to any person; 

(B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);
provided, that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan to (x) a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or an Approved Fund, or (y) the Borrower or an Affiliate of
the Borrower made in accordance with Section 2.25; and 

(C) each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender (such consent,
in each case, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, that no consent of any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan. 

(ii) Assignments (other than pursuant to Section 2.25) shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitments or Loans under any Facility, the amount of the applicable Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and
Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than (x) $1,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof in the case of Term Loans and (y) $5,000,000 or an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof in the case of Revolving Facility Loans or Revolving Facility Commitments, unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, which consent will be deemed to have been given if the Borrower
has not responded within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of any request for such consent; provided, that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or
(i) has occurred and is continuing; provided, further, that such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds (with simultaneous assignments to or by two or more Related Funds being
treated as one assignment), if any; 

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of
all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided, that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations in
respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans; 

201 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall (1) execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance and any form required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.17 via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent or (2) if previously agreed with the Administrative
Agent, manually execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, in each case together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative
Agent); 

(D) the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative
Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and
their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws; and 

(E) the Assignee shall not be (i) the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries except with
respect to assignments to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.25, (ii) any Disqualified Lender (subject to Section 9.04(h)), (iii) a natural person or (iv) a Defaulting Lender. 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04, Approved Fund means any person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in
making, purchasing or holding bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that
administers or manages a Lender. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, no Lender shall be permitted to assign
or transfer any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (A) with respect to the Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan Commitments and Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans, prior to the funding of the Amendment No. 2
Initial Term Loans on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and (B) with respect to the Revolving Facility Commitments, prior to the funding of all Revolving Facility Loans requested by the Borrower on the Closing Date, in each case, to any
person, unless consented to by the Borrower. Any assigning Lender shall, in connection with any potential assignment, provide to the Borrower a copy of its request (including the name of the prospective assignee) concurrently with its delivery of
the same request to the Administrative Agent irrespective of whether or not a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to subclause (v) below, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning
Lenders 

202 

rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.05 (subject to
the limitations and requirements of those Sections, including, without limitation, the requirements of Sections 2.17(d) and 2.17(f)) and continue to be bound by the requirements of Section 9.16). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of
rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause
(c) of this Section 9.04 (except to the extent such participation is not permitted by such clause (c) of this Section 9.04, in which case such assignment or transfer shall be null and void). 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent
of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal and interest amounts
of the Loans and Revolving L/C Exposure owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, and, in each case with respect to itself, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable
prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an
Assignee, the Assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in clause (b)(ii)(C) of this Section 9.04, if applicable, and any
written consent to such assignment required by clause (b) of this Section 9.04, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and promptly record the information contained therein in the Register; provided,
that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c), 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(b), 2.18(c) or 8.07, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to
accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment, whether or not evidenced by a promissory
note, shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this subclause (v). 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell
participations in Loans and Commitments to one or more banks or other entities other than any person that, at the time of such participation, is (I) a natural person, (II) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates or (III) a Disqualified Lender subject to Section 9.04(h) (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments
and the Loans owing to it); provided, that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the 

203 

other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided, that (x) such agreement may provide that such Lender will not,
without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that both (1) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to the first proviso to Section 9.08(b) and (2) directly
affects such Participant (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not any waiver of any Default or Event of Default) and (y) no other agreement with respect to amendment, modification or waiver may exist between such Lender and such Participant.
Subject to clause (c)(iii) of this Section 9.04, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of those Sections and
Section 2.19, including the requirements of Sections 2.17(d) and 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(d) and 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if
it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 9.04. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.06 as though it were a
Lender; provided, that such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.18(b) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii)
Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the
principal amounts and interest amounts of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent
manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. Without limitation of the
requirements of this Section 9.04(c), no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register to any person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants
interest in any Commitments, Loans or other Loan Obligations under any Loan Document), except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other Loan Obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (or, in each case, any amended or successor sections) of the United States Treasury Regulations. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(iii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 than the
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent, which consent shall
state that it is being given pursuant to this Section 9.04(c)(iii); provided, that each potential Participant shall provide such information as is reasonably requested by the Borrower in order for the Borrower to determine whether to
provide its consent. 

204 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of
its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank and in the case of any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any pledge or assignment to any holders
of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Lender, including to any trustee for, or any other representative of, such holders, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest;
provided, that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(e) The Borrower, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate
transactions of the type described in clause (d) above. 

(f) Each purchase of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.25 shall, for
purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be an automatic and immediate cancellation and extinguishment of such Term Loans and the Borrower shall, upon consummation of any such purchase, notify the Administrative Agent that the Register should be
updated to record such event as if it were a prepayment of such Loans. 

(g) In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of
any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in
an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and
satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender or any other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as
appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Revolving Facility Percentage; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any
assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the
Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post the list of Disqualified Lenders provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the DQ List) on the Platform,
including that portion of the Platform that is designated for public side Lenders or (B) provide the DQ List to each Lender requesting the same. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have
any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders; provided, further, without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause, the Administrative Agent shall
not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a 

205 

Disqualified Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified
Lender. With respect to any Lender or Participant that becomes a Disqualified Lender after the applicable assignment or participation, (x) such Assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender or Participant and
(y) the execution by the Borrower of an Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such Assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Lender. Any assignment in violation of this clause
(h) shall not be void, but the Borrower shall have the right to (A) in the case of any outstanding Revolving Facility Commitments, terminate any Revolving Facility Commitment of such Disqualified Lender and repay all obligations of the
Borrower owing to such Disqualified Lender in connection with such Revolving Facility Commitment, (B) in the case of outstanding Term Loans held by Disqualified Lenders, prepay such Term Loan by paying the lesser of (x) the principal
amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such Term Loans, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents and/or (C) require such Disqualified Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this
Agreement and related Loan Documents to an Assignee in accordance with this Section 9.04 that shall assume such obligations at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to
acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and the other Loan Documents; provided that (i) the Borrower
shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 9.04(b)(ii), (ii) such assignment does not conflict with applicable laws and (iii) in the case of clause (B), the Borrower shall not use the
proceeds from any Loans to prepay Term Loans held by Disqualified Lenders. 

Section 9.05. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation
of Liability. 

(a) The Borrower hereby agrees to pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the
internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any amendments, modifications or waivers of
the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrower), including the
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers, and, if necessary, the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one local counsel per material jurisdiction that is reasonably necessary, (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment
thereunder and (iii) so long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, any
Issuing Bank or any Lender (other than any Excluded Affiliate) in connection with the enforcement of their rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, in connection with the Loans made or the Letters of Credit issued
hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during 

206 

any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit and including the fees, charges and disbursements of a single counsel for all such persons, taken as a
whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where such person affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of such for such affected person). 

(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers, each Issuing Bank, each Lender, each of
their respective Affiliates (other than any Excluded Affiliate), successors and assignors, and each of their respective Related Parties (other than any Excluded Affiliate) (each such person being called an Indemnitee) against, and
to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims (including intra-party claims), damages, liabilities and related expenses, including reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket counsel fees, charges and disbursements (excluding the allocated costs of in house counsel and limited to not more than one counsel for all such
Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, a single local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such
conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnitee)), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in any way connected with, or as a result of (i) the execution or
delivery of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto and thereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions
and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans or the use of any Letter of Credit (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents
presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any violation of or liability under Environmental Laws related in any way to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (iv) any actual or
alleged presence, Release or threatened Release of or exposure to Hazardous Materials at, under, on, from or to any property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any Subsidiary except to the extent that Borrower can demonstrate by a
preponderance of the evidence that such presence or Release (A) occurred, in the first instance, after the period of ownership, termination of lease or cessation of operations by the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (B) is not a presence or
Release for which Borrower or any Subsidiary would have any liability under Environmental Law, or (v) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto and
regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries or Affiliates; provided, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (ii) a material breach by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) arose from any claim, actions, suits, inquiries, litigation, investigation or proceeding
that does not involve an act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates and is brought by an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, actions, suits, inquiries, litigation, investigation or proceeding against any Agent
or an Arranger in its capacity as such). None of the Indemnitees (or any of their respective affiliates), nor the Borrower or its subsidiaries (or any of their respective affiliates), shall be responsible or liable for any special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages, which may be alleged as a result of the Facilities or the Transactions; provided, that this sentence shall not limit the Borrowers or its subsidiaries

207 

indemnity or reimbursement obligation to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is
otherwise entitled to indemnification thereunder. The provisions of this Section 9.05 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Obligations, the occurrence of the Termination Date, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf
of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 9.05 shall be payable within 30 days after written demand therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any reimbursement,
indemnification or other amount requested. 

(c) This Section 9.05 shall not apply to any Taxes (other than Taxes that represent
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses resulting from a non-Tax claim), which shall be governed exclusively by Section 2.17 and, to the extent set forth therein, Section 2.15. 

(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto (or any of their Affiliates) shall assert, and hereby waives, any claim
against any other party hereto (or any of their Affiliates), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. None of the Borrower, any Guarantor, the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers, each Issuing Bank, each Lender, each of their respective Affiliates (other than any Excluded Affiliate), successors and assignors, or each of their respective Related Parties (other than any
Excluded Affiliate) shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the
internet) in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except the extent determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of any other such person, as the case may be. 

(e) The agreements in this Section 9.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Issuing
Bank, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations, the occurrence of the Termination Date and the termination of this Agreement, any other Loan Document
or any provision hereof or thereof. 

(f) The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without the
written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (it being understood that the withholding of consent due to non-satisfaction of either of the
conditions described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the following sentence (with Borrower being substituted for Indemnitee in each such clause) shall be deemed reasonable)), but if any proceeding is settled with the written
consent of the Borrower, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrower shall

208 

not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (it being understood that the withholding of consent
due to non-satisfaction of either of the conditions described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence shall be deemed reasonable)), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in
respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and
(ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing or failure to act of the relevant Indemnitee. 

Section 9.06. Right of Set-off. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or
demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary against any of and
all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document held by such Lender or such Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under
this Agreement or such other Loan Document and although the obligations may be unmatured; provided, that any recovery by any Lender or any Affiliate pursuant to its setoff rights under this Section 9.06 is subject to the provisions of
Section 2.18(b); provided, further, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further
application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.24 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders,
and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each
Lender and each Issuing Bank under this Section 9.06 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that such Lender or such Issuing Bank may have. 

Section 9.07. Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR
TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Section 9.08. Waivers; Amendment. 

(a) No failure or delay of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power
hereunder or under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are
not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan 

209 

Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by clause (b) below, and then such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand on the Borrower or any other Loan Party in any case shall entitle such person to any other or further notice or demand in
similar or other circumstances. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except
(x) as provided in Section 2.14, 2.21, 2.22 or 2.23, (y) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (except that any waiver, amendment or
modification of (i) any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 as it pertains to any Revolving Facility Loan, Swingline Loan or L/C Credit Extension or (ii) the Financial Covenant or of any defined term (or component defined
term) but only to the extent as used therein (or any Default or Event of Default or exercise of remedies by the Required Revolving Facility Lenders in respect or as a result thereof), in each case shall require the Required Revolving Facility
Lenders voting as a single Class rather than the Required Lenders) and (z) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by each Loan Party party thereto and the Administrative Agent
and consented to by the Required Lenders; provided, however, that no such agreement shall: 

(i) decrease or
forgive the principal amount of, or extend the final maturity of, or decrease the rate of interest on, any Loan or any reimbursement obligation with respect to any disbursement under any Letter of Credit, or extend the stated expiration of any
Letter of Credit beyond the applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date, without the prior written consent of each Lender directly adversely affected thereby (which, notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent of such Lender directly adversely
affected thereby shall be the only consent required hereunder to make such modification); provided, that (1) any amendment to the financial definitions in this Agreement or to the MFN Provision shall not constitute a reduction in the
rate of interest for purposes of this clause (i) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or any reimbursement obligation with respect to any disbursement under any Letter of Credit or to reduce
any fee payable hereunder, (2) only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to reduce or waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Fees at the applicable default rate set forth in Section 2.13(c) and
(3) waivers or modifications of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default or mandatory prepayments shall not constitute an a reduction in the principal or interest due for purposes of this clause (i); 

(ii) increase or extend the Commitment of any Lender, or decrease the Commitment Fees, L/C Participation Fees or any other Fees
of any Lender without the prior written consent of such Lender (which, notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any such extension or decrease, such consent of such Lender shall be the only consent required hereunder to make such
modification); provided, that waivers or modifications of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default, mandatory prepayments or extensions for administrative convenience as agreed by the Administrative Agent shall not
constitute an increase or extension of the Commitments of any Lender for purposes of this clause (ii); 

210 

(iii) extend or waive any Term Loan Installment Date or reduce the amount
due on any Term Loan Installment Date, extend or waive any Revolving Facility Maturity Date or reduce the amount due on any Revolving Facility Maturity Date or extend any date on which payment of interest on any Loan or any disbursement under any
Letter of Credit or any Fees is due, without the prior written consent of each Lender directly adversely affected thereby; provided that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent,
representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, prepayment premium, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Loans shall constitute such an extension, waiver or reduction; 

(iv) amend the provisions of (x) Section 2.18(b) or Section 7.03 in a manner that would by its terms alter the
pro rata sharing of payments required thereby or (y) Section 7.03 in a manner that alters the order in which payments are applied to repay the Secured Obligations, without the prior written consent of each Lender adversely affected
thereby, in each case except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.21, 2.22, 2.23, 2.25 or otherwise provided in this Section 9.08; 

(v) amend or modify the provisions of this Section 9.08 or the definition of the terms Required Lenders,
Majority Lenders, Required Revolving Facility Lenders, or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant
any consent hereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby (it being understood that, with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the
determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Loans and Commitments are included on the Closing Date); 

(vi) except as provided in Section 9.18 release all or substantially all of the Collateral or all or substantially all of
the Guarantors from their respective Guarantees (other than in connection with Dispositions permitted under Section 6.05) without the prior written consent of each Lender; 

(vii) effect any waiver, amendment or modification that by its terms adversely affects the rights in respect of payments or
collateral of Lenders participating in any Facility differently from those of Lenders participating in another Facility, without the consent of the Majority Lenders participating in the adversely affected Facility (it being agreed that the Required
Lenders may waive, in whole or in part, any prepayment or Commitment reduction required by Section 2.11 so long as the application of any prepayment or Commitment reduction still required to be made is not changed); 

211 

(viii) (1) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the
Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or (2) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Liens securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness, without the prior written consent of each Lender directly
adversely affected thereby, in each case, unless each such directly adversely affected Lender has been (or will be) offered an opportunity to fund or otherwise provide or acquire its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness on substantially
the same terms (including economic terms in respect of any commitments or loans provided in connection with such Indebtedness) as all other Lenders; providedthat (1) such offer shall be a written document delivered to each
directly adversely affected Lender that describes the material economic terms pursuant to which the other Indebtedness is to be (or was) provided, (2) such offer shall remain open to each directly adversely affected Lender for a period of not
less than five Business Days (which period may be commenced following the funding of such other Indebtedness) and (3) any such directly adversely affected Lender may designate any of its Affiliates to provide such other Indebtedness on its
behalf; 

(ix) amend the provisions of Section 9.04 to reduce the number or percentage of Lenders required to permit
the Borrower to assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Lender; or 

(x) amend the provisions of Section 9.04 in a manner that would further restrict assignments of any Loans under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of each Lender directly adversely affected thereby; 

provided, further, that (I) no such
agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swingline Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, each Swingline Lender or each Issuing Bank affected thereby, as applicable; provided, further that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (A) solely with the consent of each Issuing Bank and, in the
case of clause (x), the Administrative Agent, any such agreement may (x) increase or decrease the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (y) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent that pertains to the issuance of any Letter of Credit and
(B) solely with the consent of the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) increase or decrease the Swingline Commitments or (y) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent as it pertains to any Swingline Loan. Each
Lender shall be bound by any waiver, amendment or modification authorized by this Section 9.08 and any consent by any Lender pursuant to this Section 9.08 shall bind any Assignee of such Lender, and (II) any waiver, amendment or
modification of this Agreement that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Class (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Class) may be effected by
an agreement or agreements in writing entered into solely by the Borrower and the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such Class of Lenders were
the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have
the right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders (or all Lenders of a Class) or each affected Lender (or each affected Lender
of a Class) may be affected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any
waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders (or all Lenders of a Class) or each affected Lender (or each affected Lender of a Class) that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to
other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

212 

(c) Without the consent of any Lender or Issuing Bank, the Loan Parties and the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may (in their respective sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required or contemplated by any Loan Document) enter into any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any Loan Document, or
enter into any new agreement or instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to
include holders of Other First Liens or (to the extent necessary or advisable under applicable local law) Junior Liens in the benefit of the Security Documents in connection with the incurrence of any Other First Lien Debt or Indebtedness permitted
to be secured by Junior Liens and to give effect to any Intercreditor Agreement associated therewith, or as required by local law to give effect to, or protect, any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties in any property or so that
the security interests therein comply with applicable law or this Agreement or in each case to otherwise enhance the rights or benefits of any Lender under any Loan Document. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders,
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to permit additional extensions of credit to be outstanding hereunder from time to time and the accrued interest and fees and other obligations in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the Revolving Facility Loans and the accrued interest and fees and other obligations in respect thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the holders of such extensions of
credit in any determination of the requisite lenders required hereunder, including Required Lenders and the Required Revolving Facility Lenders. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with
the written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (but without the consent of any Lender or Issuing Bank) to include any additional financial maintenance covenant (or any financial maintenance covenant that is already included in this
Agreement but with covenant levels and component definitions that are more restrictive to the Borrower) for the benefit of the Lenders of all of the Facilities (but not fewer than all of the Facilities) then existing. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, technical and conforming modifications to the Loan Documents may be made with the consent of the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent (but without the consent of any Lender) to the extent necessary (A) to integrate any Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Revolving Facility Commitments, Other Term Loans and Other Revolving Loans in a manner
consistent with Sections 2.21, 2.22 and 2.23 as may be necessary to establish such Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Revolving Facility Commitment, Other Term Loans or Other Revolving Loans as a separate Class or tranche from the existing Term
Facility Commitments, Revolving Facility Commitments, Term Loans or Revolving Facility Loans, as applicable, and, in the case of Extended Term Loans, to reduce the amortization schedule of the related existing Class of Term Loans
proportionately, (B) to integrate any Other First Lien Debt, (C) to amend any provisions necessary for any Incremental Loan to be fungible with any Facility, so long as such amendment either provides the Lenders of such Facility with
additional benefits or is not adverse to such Lenders, (D) to cure any ambiguity, omission, error, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case,
in any provision of any Loan Document or (E) to cause such Loan Document to be consistent with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

213 

(f) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may take any and
all action as may be necessary to ensure that all Term Loans established pursuant to Section 2.21 after the Closing Date that will be included in an existing Class of Term Loans outstanding on such date (an Applicable
Date), when originally made, are included in each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class (the Existing Class Loans), on a pro rata basis, and/or to ensure that, immediately after
giving effect to such new Term Loans (the New Class Loans and, together with the Existing Class Loans, the Class Loans), each Lender holding Class Loans will be
deemed to hold its Pro Rata Share of each Class Loan on the Applicable Date (but without changing the amount of any such Lenders Term Loans), and each such Lender shall be deemed to have effectuated such assignments as shall be required
to ensure the foregoing. The Pro Rata Share of any Lender on the Applicable Date is the ratio of (1) the sum of such Lenders Existing Class Loans immediately prior to the Applicable Date plus the amount of New
Class Loans made by such Lender on the Applicable Date over (2) the aggregate principal amount of all Class Loans on the Applicable Date. 

Section 9.09. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the applicable interest
rate, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law (collectively, the Charges), as provided for herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith, or otherwise contracted for,
charged, received, taken or reserved by any Lender or any Issuing Bank, shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by such Lender or Issuing Bank in
accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together with all Charges payable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate; provided, that such excess amount shall be paid to such
Lender or such Issuing Bank on subsequent payment dates to the extent not exceeding the legal limitation. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such
person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof and (c) amortize,
prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

Section 9.10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the agreements regarding certain Fees referred to
herein constitute the entire contract between the parties relative to the subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement among or representations from the parties or their Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof is superseded by this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Engagement Letter and the Agent Fee Letters shall each survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and remain in full force and effect. Nothing in this Agreement or
in the other Loan Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto and thereto (and the Indemnitees, the Cash Management Banks under any Secured Cash Management Agreement and the Hedge Banks under
any Secured Hedge Agreement) rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

214 

Section 9.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN
THIS SECTION 9.11. 

Section 9.12. Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or
in any other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby as to such jurisdiction, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

Section 9.13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement, and shall become effective as provided in Section 9.03. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission,
electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. Federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered
and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute this Agreement through
electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in such partys constitutive documents. 

Section 9.14.
Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting,
this Agreement. 

Section 9.15. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 

(a) The Borrower and each other Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or
proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger or any Affiliate of the foregoing in any
way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto 

215 

or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New
York, sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any
such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action,
litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the
Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or any other Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any
jurisdiction. 

(b) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and
effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of
this Section 9.15. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(c) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing
in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 9.16. Confidentiality. Each of the Lenders, each Issuing Bank and each of the Agents agrees that it shall maintain in
confidence any information relating to the Borrower and any Subsidiary or their respective businesses furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than information that (a) has become generally available to the
public other than as a result of a disclosure by such party in breach of this Section 9.16, (b) has been independently developed by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Agent without violating this Section 9.16 or (c) was available
to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Agent from a third party having, to such persons knowledge, no obligations of confidentiality to the Borrower or any other Loan Party) and shall not reveal the same other than on a need to
know basis to (x) its Related Parties (other than Excluded Affiliates) and (y) any numbering, administration or settlement service providers or to any person that approves or administers the Loans on behalf of such Lender (so long as
each such person shall have been instructed to keep the same confidential in accordance with this Section 9.16 and such disclosing Lender, Issuing Bank or Agent, as applicable, remains responsible for such persons compliance with this
paragraph), except: (A) to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or any legal process or the requirements of any Governmental Authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such person or its Related Parties, (in which case such
Person shall, (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded
confidential treatment), (B) as part of reporting or review procedures to, or examinations by, Governmental Authorities or self-regulatory authorities 

216 

(in which case such person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to
the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, (i) inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential
treatment) (C) to its parent companies, Affiliates and their Related Parties including auditors, accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (so long as each such person shall have been instructed to keep the same confidential in accordance
with this Section 9.16 and such disclosing Lender, Issuing Bank or Agent, as applicable, remains responsible for such persons compliance with this paragraph); provided, that in no case shall any information relating to the Borrower
or any subsidiary or their respective businesses be provided to any Excluded Affiliate pursuant to this clause (C), (D) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (E) to any pledgee under Section 9.04(d) or any other prospective assignee of, or prospective Participant in, any of its rights
under this Agreement (so long as such person shall have been instructed to keep the same confidential in accordance with this Section 9.16 and such disclosing Lender, Issuing Bank or Agent, as applicable, remains responsible for such
persons compliance with this paragraph), (F) to any direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its Related Parties (other than Excluded Affiliates)) in Hedging Agreements or such contractual counterpartys professional advisor (so
long as such contractual counterparty or professional advisor to such contractual counterparty agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 9.16 and such disclosing Lender, Issuing Bank or Agent, as applicable, remains responsible for
such persons compliance with this paragraph), (G) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the facilities evidenced by this Agreement or (ii) the CUSIP Service
Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the facilities evidenced by this Agreement, (H) with the prior written consent of the Borrower, (I) solely with respect to
disclosing the existence of this Agreement, the size of the Facilities and the parties to the Loan Documents, to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent, Collateral
Agent, Issuing Banks and the Lenders, in each case in connection with the administration, settlement and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (J) each Lender may, at its own expense, place advertisements in financial and
other newspapers and periodicals or on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information in the Internet or worldwide web as it may choose, and circulate similar promotional materials, in the form of a tombstone or otherwise
describe the names of the Borrower and their respective Affiliates (or any of them), and the amount, type and closing date with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and (K) to any other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any information relating to the Borrower and any Subsidiary or their respective businesses furnished to any Lender, Issuing Bank or Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary be
disclosed to (x) any Disqualified Lender or (y) any Excluded Affiliate. 

Section 9.17. Platform; Borrower Materials.
THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ITS RELATED PARTIES AND THE ARRANGERS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER 

217 

MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY OR ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ANY ARRANGER IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS
OR THE PLATFORM. 

Section 9.18. Release of Liens and Guarantees. 

(a) The Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, and the other Secured Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to
the Collateral Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral shall (1) be automatically released: (i) in full upon the occurrence of the Termination Date as set forth in Section 9.18(d) below, (ii) upon the Disposition (other than
any lease or license) of such Collateral by any Loan Party to a person that is not (and is not required to become) a Loan Party in a transaction permitted by this Agreement (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that
effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (iii) to the extent that such Collateral comprises property leased to a Loan Party, upon termination or expiration of such lease (and the Collateral Agent
may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (iv) if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or
such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with Section 9.08), (v) to the extent that the property constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its
obligations under the Guarantee in accordance with the Guarantee Agreement (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (vi) as
required by the Collateral Agent to effect any Disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents, or (vii) if the property subject to such Lien becomes Excluded
Property and (2) be released in the circumstances, and subject to the terms and conditions, provided in Section 8.11 (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its
reasonable request without any further inquiry). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being released) upon (or obligations (other than those being released) of the Loan
Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any Disposition, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral except to the extent otherwise released in accordance with the provisions
of the Loan Documents. 

(b) In addition, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties hereby irrevocably agree that the
respective Subsidiary Guarantor shall be released from its respective Guarantee (i) automatically upon consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder (x) resulting in such Subsidiary ceasing to constitute a Subsidiary (including
because such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or (y) in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor which would not be required to be a Guarantor because it is or has become an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of
a transaction permitted by this Agreement following which it has become (or remains) a Subsidiary of a Guarantor, in each case following a written request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent requesting that such person no longer constitute a
Guarantor and certifying its entitlement to the requested release (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a 

218 

certificate to the foregoing effect without further inquiry); provided that without the consent of the Required Lenders, no Loan Party shall be released from its obligations under the Loan
Documents pursuant to clause (y) above if such Loan Party becomes an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary solely by virtue of a Disposition or issuance of Equity Interests (unless,
for the avoidance of doubt, another clause of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary is then applicable), unless such Disposition or issuance is for a legitimate business purpose on an arms length basis to a bona fide unaffiliated
third party or (ii) if the release of such Guarantor is approved, authorized or ratified by the Required Lenders (or such other percentage of Lenders whose consent is required in accordance with Section 9.08). 

(c) The Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as
applicable, to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, and agreements necessary or desirable to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor or Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.18, all without the
further consent or joinder of any Lender or any other Secured Party. Upon the effectiveness of any such release, any representation, warranty or covenant contained in any Loan Document relating to any such Collateral or Guarantor shall no longer be
deemed to be made. In connection with any release hereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall promptly (and the Secured Parties hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to) take such action and
execute any such documents as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower and at the Borrowers expense in connection with the release of any Liens created by any Loan Document in respect of such Subsidiary, property or asset; provided,
that (i) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing such certifications as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, (ii) the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the applicable Agents reasonable opinion, would expose such Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of
such Liens without recourse or warranty and (iii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of) all interests retained by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, including the proceeds of the sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section 9.18(c) shall be without recourse to or warranty
by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Loan
Document, on the Termination Date, upon request of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Secured Party) take such actions as shall be required to
release its security interest in all Collateral, and to release all obligations under any Loan Document, whether or not on the date of such release there may be any (i) obligations in respect of any Secured Hedge Agreements or any Secured Cash
Management Agreements and (ii) any contingent indemnification obligations or expense reimbursement claims not then due; provided, that the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower
containing such certifications as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. Any such release of obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that such obligations shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment
in respect of the obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded, avoided or must otherwise be restored or returned upon or otherwise in connection with the insolvency, bankruptcy, 

219 

dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer
for, the Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (and their respective representatives) in connection with taking such actions to release security interests in all
Collateral and all obligations under the Loan Documents as contemplated by this Section 9.18(d). 

(e) Obligations of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries under any Secured Cash Management Agreement or Secured Hedge Agreement (after giving effect to all netting arrangements relating to such Secured Hedge Agreements) shall be secured and guaranteed pursuant to the Security
Documents only to the extent that, and for so long as, the other Obligations are so secured and guaranteed. No person shall have any voting rights under any Loan Document solely as a result of the existence of obligations owed to it under any such
Secured Hedge Agreement or Secured Cash Management Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no release of Collateral or Guarantors affected in the manner permitted by this Agreement shall require the consent of any holder of obligations under Secured
Hedge Agreements or any Secured Cash Management Agreements. 

Section 9.19. USA PATRIOT Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation
Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the
USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will
allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Loan Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, promptly
following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your
customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 9.20. Agency of the Borrower for the Loan Parties. Each of the other Loan Parties hereby appoints the Borrower as its
agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including the giving and receipt of notices and the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and therein and all
modifications hereto and thereto. 

Section 9.21. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of
each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding
this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative
Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the

220 

Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the
Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for
the Borrower, any of its Affiliates or any other person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve
interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any
aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 9.22. Payments Set Aside. (a) To the extent that any payment by
or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender exercises its right of setoff or recoupment, and such payment or the proceeds of such
setoff or recoupment or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be or avoided as fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or
such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff or recoupment had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each Issuing Bank severally agrees to pay to
the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a
rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Loan Obligations and the
termination of this Agreement. 

Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of
Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or
Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and
consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

221 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.24.
Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Hedging Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC
Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support
(with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 9.24, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

222 

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or
(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term
qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

Section 9.25.
Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, Assignment and Acceptances, amendments or other Borrowing Requests, Swingline Borrowing Requests, Letter of Credit Requests, Interest Election
Requests, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
law, including the U.S. Federal ESIGN Act of 2000, the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to
the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. 

Section 9.26. Net Short Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any determination as to
whether the Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Facility Lenders, as applicable, have (A) delivered (or not delivered) a notice of a Default or an Event of Default or a notice of acceleration under any Loan Document, (B) otherwise
acted on any matter related to a Default, an Event of Default or an acceleration under any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent to deliver (or not deliver) a notice of a Default or an Event of Default or a notice
of acceleration under any Loan Document (clauses (A) through (C), the Default Actions), any Lender (other than (x) any Lender that is a Regulated Bank and (y) any Revolving Facility Lender as of the Closing Date (or
as otherwise agreed among the Borrower, the applicable Revolving Facility Lender and the Administrative Agent)) that, as a result of its (or its Affiliates (other than any Screened Affiliates)) interest in any total return swap, total rate of
return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net
short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments (each, a Net Short Lender), without the consent of the Borrower, shall have no right to take any Default Action, be counted as a Required Lender or Required Revolving
Facility Lender with respect to any Default Action or vote any of its Loans and Commitments with respect to any Default Action (and, with respect to any votes with respect to any Default Action, shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender
without discretion in the same proportion as 

223 

the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders). For purposes of determining whether a Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates (other than any
Screened Affiliates)) has a net short position on any date of determination: (i) derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and Commitments and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the
notional amount thereof in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the dollar equivalent thereof by such Lender in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and
based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, (iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index that includes any of the Borrower or other Loan
Parties or any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed,
administered or requested by such Lender or its Affiliates (other than any Screened Affiliates) and (y) the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively,
shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the
ISDA CDS Definitions) shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender or its Affiliates (other than any Screened Affiliates) is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof
for such derivative transaction and (x) the Loans or the Commitments are a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard
Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (y) the Loans or the Commitments would be a
Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (z) any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties (or its successor) is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative
transactions, and (v) credit derivative transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions
are functionally equivalent to a transaction that offers the Lender or its Affiliates (other than any Screened Affiliates) protection in respect of the Loans or the Commitments, or as to the credit quality of any of the Borrower or other Loan
Parties other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender or its Affiliates (other than any Screened Affiliates) and (y) the Borrower and other Loan
Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index. In connection with any such determination, each Lender shall promptly notify
the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net Short Lender, or, in the absence of any such written notification to the Administrative Agent prior to the date of such determination, shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely conclusively on each such representation and deemed
representation). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Net Short Representation delivered, provided or made (or deemed delivered, provided or made) to it in accordance with this Agreement, shall have no duty to
inquire as to or investigate the accuracy of any Net Short Representation, verify any statements in any officers certificate delivered to it, or otherwise make any calculations, investigations or determinations with respect to any interest in
any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract or net short positions or any Person. 

224 

Schedule 2.01 

Commitments 

Amendment No. 2
Initial Term Loan Commitments 

Term Lender Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan

Commitment 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $ 92,621,926.13 

The Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders that have received an allocation of
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date1 $ 270,555,355.12 

Total $ 363,177,281.25 

Revolving Facility Commitments 

Revolving Lender Revolving Facility Commitment 

Citibank, N.A. $ 32,000,000.00 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. $ 32,000,000.00 

Barclays Bank PLC $ 24,000,000.00 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA $ 24,000,000.00 

Capital One, National Association $ 15,750,000.00 

MUFG Bank, Ltd. $ 15,750,000.00 

Silicon Valley Bank, A Division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company $ 15,750,000.00 

Truist Bank $ 15,750,000.00 

Total $ 175,000,000.00 

1 

Names and allocations on file with the Administrative Agent. 

Letter of Credit Commitments 

Issuing Bank Letter of Credit Commitment 

Citibank, N.A. $ 7,500,000.00 

Silicon Valley Bank, A Division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company $ 7,500,000.00 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. $ 5,000,000.00 

Total $ 20,000,000.00 

2 

Exhibit D 

Schedule 2.01 

Commitments 

Amendment No. 2
Initial Term Loan Commitments 

Lender Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loan

Commitment 

Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. $ 92,621,926.13 

The Converting Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Lenders that have received an allocation of
Amendment No. 2 Initial Term Loans as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date1 $ 270,555,355.12 

Total $ 363,177,281.25 

1 

Names and allocations on file with the Term Facility Administrative Agent.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d942988dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Magnite Successfully Completes Second Term Loan Repricing 

Reduces Interest Rate by an Additional 75 Basis Points 

Over $2.7 Million in Yearly Interest Payment Savings 

NEW YORK, New York March 18, 2025 Magnite (NASDAQ: MGNI), the worlds largest independent sell-side advertising company, today
announced the second successful repricing of its $363 million senior secured term loan facility (Term Loan) due February 2031. 

The repricing reduces
the interest rate by 75 basis points to Term SOFR + 3.00% from the previous rate of Term SOFR + 3.75% and will result in yearly interest savings of over $2.7 million. The interest rate improvement represents a cumulative reduction of 200 basis
points compared to the rate prior to the refinancing of the Term Loan in February of 2024. There are no changes to the maturity of the Term Loan following this repricing, and all other terms are substantially unchanged. 

About Magnite 

Were Magnite (NASDAQ: MGNI), the
worlds largest independent sell-side advertising company. Publishers use our technology to monetize their content across all screens and formats including CTV, online video, display, and audio. The worlds leading agencies and brands
trust our platform to access brand-safe, high-quality ad inventory and execute billions of advertising transactions each month. Anchored in bustling New York City, sunny Los Angeles, mile high Denver, historic London, colorful Singapore, and down
under in Sydney, Magnite has offices across North America, EMEA, LATAM, and APAC. 

Investor Relations Contact 

Nick Kormeluk 

(949)
500-0003

nkormeluk@magnite.com 

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mgni-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mgni-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mgni-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001595974

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MAGNITE, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36384

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8881738

Entity Address, Address Line One 1250 Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two 15th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 243-2769

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol MGNI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.magnite.com//20250318/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d942988d8k.htm 
mgni-20250318.xsd 
mgni-20250318_lab.xml 
mgni-20250318_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-056671-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d942988d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001595974 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

false 
0001595974 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
MAGNITE, INC. 
DE 
001-36384 
20-8881738 
1250 Broadway 
15th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10001 
(212) 
243-2769 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
MGNI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>