<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001000.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001000.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106163034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXGEL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264042544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41173
		FILM NUMBER:		25511629

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2150 CABOT BLVD WEST,
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANGHORNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19047
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215 702-8550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2150 CABOT BLVD WEST,
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANGHORNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19047

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AquaMed Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090723
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000146892900014689292024-12-302024-12-300001468929NXGL:CommonStockParValue0.001Member2024-12-302024-12-300001468929NXGL:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2024-12-302024-12-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 30, 2024

NEXGEL,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41173 26-4042544

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
incorporation) File Number) Identification
No.)

2150
Cabot Boulevard West, Suite B

Langhorne,
Pennsylvania 19067

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (215)702-8550

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Not
Applicable

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 NXGL The
Nasdaq Capital Market LLC

Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock NXGLW The
Nasdaq Capital Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Adam
Levy 2025 Executive Employment Agreement

Effective
December 31, 2024, NexGel, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an 2025 Executive Employment
Agreement (the Levy Employment Agreement) with Adam Levy, who has served as Companys Chief Executive
Officer and President since 2019. Mr. Levy has also served as a member of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)
since September 9, 2021. The Levy Employment Agreement was approved by all of the disinterested members of the Board pursuant to the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

The
term of the Levy Employment Agreement is for one year from January 1, 2025. The Levy Employment Agreement terminates Mr. Levys
prior 2024 Executive Employment Agreement with the Company dated December 26, 2023 (the Prior Agreement)
in its entirety and the Prior Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, including but not limited to any and all continuing or
surviving obligations of both the Company and Mr. Levy under the Prior Agreement, and replaced in its entirety by the Levy Employment
Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Levy Employment Agreement, Mr. Levy will be paid a base salary of $375,000 per year, which is an increase of $50,000 per year
over his current base salary. Mr. Levy also received a grant of shares of the Companys common stock equal to $100,000 divided
by the closing per share price of the Companys common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq)
on January 2, 2025, which was $3.829 and equates to 26,116 shares of common stock (the Equity Grant). The
Equity Grant vests in twelve equal monthly installments (subject to any rounding adjustments) during the term of the Levy Employment
Agreement with the first installment vesting on January 2, 2025.

Additionally
and pursuant to the Levy Employment Agreement, on January 2, 2025 Mr. Levy received stock options under the Companys 2019 Long-Term
Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan), to purchase up to 150,000 shares of the Companys common stock
at a per share exercise price of $3.829, which is equal to the closing per share price of the Companys common stock as reported
on Nasdaq on January 2, 2025 (the Levy Stock Option). The Levy Stock Option shall be intended to be an incentive
stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
to the extent it qualifies for such treatment under the Code. The Levy Stock Option shall have a five-year term and shall vest as follows:
37,500 shares of common stock underlying the Levy Stock Option shall vest on December 31, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively; provided
Executive is employed on the applicable vesting date by the Company unless Mr. Levy is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason
(as defined in the Levy Employment Agreement) during the vesting period in which case the Levy Stock Option shall accelerate, vest and
become exercisable immediately. In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) of the Company, any unvested portion of
the Levy Stock Option shall accelerate, vest and become exercisable immediately prior to the Change in Control. The Levy Stock Option
shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the award agreement.

Mr.
Levy will also receive or be eligible for bonuses as follows:

A
cash bonus equal to $25,000 (which was paid on December 31, 2024) and, for the remainder
of the fiscal year 2025, Mr. Levy shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus in a targeted
amount of $25,000 upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals
both of the Company and Mr. Levy as may be determined by the Board and/or the Compensation
Committee of the Board in consultation with Executive which may result in the target bonus
being a higher or lower amount than $25,000;

In
the event the Company achieves EBITDA (as defined in the Levy Employment Agreement) for two
consecutive fiscal calendar quarters during the term through the first fiscal quarter of
2026, (a) a cash bonus equal to $50,000 and (b) a grant of 40,000 shares of common stock,
which shall vest over a two year period in four equal installments on each six month anniversary
date after which the EBITDA bonus was earned;

In
the event the earlier of either of the following occur: (i) the average closing price of
the Companys common stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three month prior
to March 12, 2025 equals or exceeds $4.50 per share or (but not and) the average closing
price of the Companys common stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three
month period during the term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal year 2026
equals or exceeds $5.50 per share or (ii) the Company raises an equity capital financing
at a per share price equal to or in excess of $4.50 prior to March 12, 2025 or (but
not and) $5.50 per share during the term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal
year 2026 which results in gross proceeds to the Company of at least $2,500,000, Mr. Levy
shall receive (i) a cash bonus equal to $25,000 and (ii) a grant of 25,000 shares of common
stock, which shall vest over a three year period in six equal installments on each six month
anniversary date after which the bonus was earned; and

In
the event the earlier of either of the following to occur: (i) the average closing price
of the Companys common stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three month
period during the term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal year 2026 equals
or exceeds $7.50 per share or (ii) the Company raises an equity capital financing at a per
share price equal to or in excess of $7.50 per share which results in gross proceeds to the
Company of at least $2,500,000, (i) a cash bonus equal to $50,000 and (ii) a grant of 50,000
shares of common stock, which shall vest over a two year period in four equal installments
on each six month anniversary date after which the bonus was earned.

Mr.
Levy is also be eligible to receive, from time to time, additional equity awards under the Companys existing equity incentive
plan, or any other equity incentive plan the Company may adopt in the future, and the terms and conditions of such awards, if any, would
be determined by the Board or Compensation Committee, in their discretion. Mr. Levy is also eligible to participate in any benefit plan
or program the Company adopts.

Pursuant
to the Levy Employment Agreement, if Mr. Levys employment is terminated upon his disability, Mr. Levy would be entitled to receive,
in addition to other unpaid amounts owed to him (e.g., for base salary, accrued personal time and business expenses): (i) his then base
salary for a period of three months (in accordance with the Companys general payroll policy) commencing on the first payroll period
following the fifteenth day after termination of employment and (ii) substantially similar coverage under the Companys then-current
medical, health and vision insurance coverage for a period of three months. Additionally, if Mr. Levys employment is terminated
for disability, the vesting of any option grants would continue to vest pursuant to the schedule and terms previously established during
the three month severance period. Subsequent to the three month severance period the vesting of any option grants would immediately cease.
The severance benefits described above are collectively referred herein the Severance Benefits.

Pursuant
to the Levy Employment Agreement and during the initial six months of the term of the Employment Agreement, if Mr. Levy resigns for good
reason (as defined in the Levy Employment Agreement) or is terminated by us without cause (as defined in the Levy Employment Agreement),
Mr. Levy would be entitled to receive (i) his then base salary (in accordance with the Companys general payroll policy) commencing
on the first payroll period following the fifteenth day after termination of employment and (ii) substantially similar coverage under
the Companys then-current medical, health and vision insurance coverage for a period of one year.

Pursuant
to the Levy Employment Agreement and subsequent to the initial six months of the term of the Levy Employment Agreement, if Mr. Levy resigns
for good reason or is terminated by us without cause or if the Company fails to enter into a new employment agreement with Mr. Levy at
the end of term of the Levy Agreement after bona fide and good faith negotiation between us and Mr. Levy, Mr. Levy would be entitled
to receive Severance Benefits for a period of one year less one month for each month (on a pro-rated basis) such termination or resignation
occurs subsequent to the initial six month anniversary of the term (the Adjusted Severance Period). For example,
in the event Mr. Levy is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason at the end of the eight month anniversary of the effective
date, Mr. Levy would be entitled to an Adjusted Severance Period of ten months.

If
the Company terminates Mr. Levys employment for cause or employment terminates as a result of Mr. Levys resignation (without
good reason) or death, Mr. Levy would only be entitled to any salary earned but unpaid prior to termination, all accrued but unused personal
time, and any business expenses that were incurred but not reimbursed as of the date of the termination. Vesting of any option grants
would immediately cease.

The
Levy Employment Agreement also contains certain non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment of inventions provisions
whereby Mr. Levy is subject to non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions for a period of one year and two years following termination
of his employment, respectively.

The
foregoing description of the Levy Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of such document, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Joseph
F. McGuire Appointment as Chief Financial Officer and 2025 Executive Employment Agreement

Effective
January 1, 2025, the Company appointed Joseph F. McGuire as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and designated him as principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer.

Mr.
McGuire, 66, has over 30 years of financial and public
company experience, having served as Chief Financial Officer for several privately held and publicly traded companies in the health care,
financial services, investment, and manufacturing industries. He was a key member of the team that successfully guided a biotechnology
company through its IPO, resulting in its listing on the NYSE in July 2022. In these roles, Mr. McGuires responsibilities included
SEC financial reporting, investor relations, corporate governance, legal and audit liaison, and team building. He began his career with
Price Waterhouse, where he was a certified public accountant, and later held management positions with Dean Witter Reynolds and Paine
Webber, Inc. Mr. McGuire received a Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University of Notre Dame and holds a CPA certification.
Mr. McGuire has consulted with the Company since September 2, 2024, and will serve on the executive management team to lead the Companys
finance functions.

In
connection with Mr. McGuires appointment as Chief Financial Officer, the Company and Mr. McGuire entered into a 2025 Executive
Employment Agreement dated December 30, 2024 (the McGuire Employment Agreement). The term of the McGuire
Employment Agreement is for one year from January 1, 2025. Pursuant to the McGuire Employment Agreement, Mr. McGuire will be paid a base
salary of $200,000 per year. Also, Mr. McGuire will be eligible to receive annual bonus compensation in a targeted amount of 30% of his
base salary upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals both of the Company and Mr. McGuire as may be
determined by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board in consultation with Mr. McGuire

Additionally
and pursuant to the McGuire Employment Agreement, on January 2, 2025 Mr. McGuire received stock options under the Companys 2019
Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan), to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Companys
common stock at a per share exercise price of $3.829, which is equal to the closing per share price of the Companys common stock
as reported on Nasdaq on January 2, 2025 (the McGuire Stock Option). The McGuire Stock Option shall be intended
to be an incentive stock option within the Code, to the extent it qualifies for such treatment under the Code. The McGuire Stock Option
vests as follows: (i) 25,000 shares of common stock vest on September 1, 2025; and (ii) the remaining 75,000 shares of common stock vest
equally per month on the last day of each month for thirty-six months beginning on October 31, 2025 (with 2,084 shares vesting per month
and 2,060 shares vesting on month thirty-six due to rounding adjustments); provided Mr. McGuire is employed on the applicable vesting
date by the Company. In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, any unvested portion of the McGuire Stock Option shall accelerate,
vest and become exercisable immediately prior to the Change in Control. The McGuire Stock Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Plan and the award agreement.

The
McGuire Employment Agreement contains certain severance obligations of the Company in the event of a Change in Control and also contains
certain non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment of inventions provisions whereby Mr. McGuire is subject to
non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions for a period of one year and two years following termination of his employment, respectively.

The
foregoing description of the McGuire Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of such document, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information regarding the Equity Grant, the Levy Stock Option, the McGuire Stock Option and the potential common stock bonus grants to
Mr. Levy contained above in Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

The
Equity Grant and the potential common stock bonus grants are offered and sold in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as transactions
by an issuer not involving any public offering.

Item
5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Joseph
F. McGuire Appointment as Chief Financial Officer and 2025 Executive Employment Agreement

The
information regarding Mr. McGuires appointment as the Companys Chief Financial Officer
and designated him as principal financial officer and principal accounting officer contained above in Item 1.01 
Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

There
is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. McGuire and any other person pursuant to which Mr. McGuire was appointed as the
Companys Chief Financial Officer. There are no family relationships between Mr. McGuire and any of the Companys
directors or executive officers. There are no transactions between Mr. McGuire and the Company that would be required to be reported
under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Adam
E. Drapczuk, III Resignation of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

In
connection with Mr. McGuires appointment, effective January 1, 2025, Adam E. Drapczuk, III resigned as the Companys Chief
Financial Officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Effective as of that same date, Mr. Drapczuk will continue
providing financial consulting and transition services to the Company.

Item
8.01 Other
Events.

On
January 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the appointment of Mr. McGuire as the Companys Chief Financial Officer.
A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 2025 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2024 by and between NexGel, Inc. and Adam Levy.

10.2 2025 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 2024 by and between NexGel, Inc. and Joseph F. McGuire.

99.1 Press release of NexGel, Inc., issued January 2, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 6, 2025 

NEXGEL,
INC.

By: /s/
Adam Levy

Adam
Levy

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

2025
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
2025 Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of December 31, 2024, is by and between NEXGEL INC.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Adam Levy, an individual (the Executive). The Company
and the Executive shall sometimes be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

BACKGROUND

A. The
Company and Executive are parties to that certain 2024 Executive Employment Agreement dated December 26, 2023 which expires on December
31, 2024 (the Prior Agreement). The Company and the Executive desire to terminate the Prior Agreement and simultaneously
enter into this Agreement to replace the Prior Agreement in its entirety.

B. The
Company and the Executive desire to terminate the Prior Agreement and simultaneously enter into this Agreement with the terms and conditions
set forth herein.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby,
agree as follows:

1. Employment.
The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive hereby accepts such
employment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and agrees to perform duties as assigned by the Company. The Executives
employment, as provided herein, shall commence on January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) and shall continue for a
period of one year thereafter unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 (Term). It is the intention of the
Company Board of Directors (the Board) to evaluate the Executives performance prior to the end of the Term
and potentially enter into an employment agreement with a longer term as the sole discretion of the Company. It is understood and agreed
by the Company and Executive that this Agreement does not contain any promise or representation concerning the duration of Executives
employment with the Company. Executive specifically acknowledges that his employment with the Company is at-will and may be altered or
terminated by either Executive or the Company at any time, with or without cause and/or with or without notice. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the term Company Group shall include any and all subsidiaries of the Company in which the Company owns at least
a 10% equity interest.

2. Duties.
The Executive shall render exclusive, full-time services to the Company as its President and Chief Executive Officer. The Executive shall
report to the Board. Executives responsibilities, title, working conditions, location, duties and/or any other aspect of Executives
employment may be changed, added to or eliminated during his employment at the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board. During
the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote his best efforts and all of his business time, skill and attention to the performance
of his duties on behalf of the Company and the Company Group and shall not, directly or indirectly, render any services to any other
person or organization (including but not limited to as a member of a third-party Board of Directors), whether for compensation or otherwise,
except with the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

1

3. Policies
and Procedures. The Executive shall be bound by, and comply fully with, all of the Companys written policies and procedures
for employees and officers in place from time to time, including, but not limited to, all terms and conditions set forth in the Companys
employee handbook, compliance manual, codes of conduct and any other memoranda and communications applicable to the Executive pertaining
to the policies, procedures, rules and regulations, as currently in effect and as may be amended from time to time and provided to the
Executive in writing. These policies and procedures include, among other things and without limitation, the Executives obligations
to comply with the Companys rules regarding confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets.

4. Cash
and Equity Compensation.

(a) Salary.
For all services rendered and to be rendered hereunder, the Company agrees to pay to the Executive, and the Executive agrees to accept
a salary of $375,000 per annum (Base Salary) beginning on the Effective Date. Any such salary shall be payable in
accordance with the Companys normal payroll practice and shall be subject to such deductions or withholdings as the Company is
required to make pursuant to law, or by further agreement with the Executive.

(b) Common
Stock Grant. On January 2, 2025, Executive shall receive a grant of shares of Common Stock equal $100,000 divided by the closing
per share price of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.001 (Common Stock) as reported on the Nasdaq Capital
Market (Nasdaq) on January 2, 2025 (the Equity Grant). The Equity Grant shall vest in twelve
equal monthly installments (subject to any rounding adjustments) during the Term with the first installment vesting on January 2, 2025.
The shares of Common Stock issued to the Executive pursuant to the Equity Grant shall be restricted securities as such
term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(c) Stock
Option Grant. On January 2, 2025, Executive shall receive stock options under the Companys 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
as amended (the Plan), to purchase up to 150,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock at a per share exercise
price equal to the closing per share price of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq on January 2, 2025 (the Stock Option).
The Stock Option shall be intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code), to the extent it qualifies for such treatment under the Code. The Stock Option shall
have a five-year term and shall vest as follows: 37,500 shares of Common Stock underlying the Stock Option shall vest on December 31,
2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively; provided Executive is employed on the applicable vesting date by the Company and/or Company
Group unless Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason (as defined below) during the vesting period in which case
the Stock Option shall accelerate, vest and become exercisable immediately. In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan)
of the Company, any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall accelerate, vest and become exercisable immediately prior to the Change
in Control. The Stock Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and applicable award agreement.

2

5. Cash
and Equity Bonuses.

(a) Cash
Bonus. The Company shall pay to Executive a cash bonus equal to $25,000 on or before December 31, 2024. Additionally, for the remainder
of the fiscal year 2025, Executive shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus in a targeted amount of $25,000 upon the achievement of
reasonable target objectives and performance goals both of the Company and Executive as may be determined by the Board and/or the Compensation
Committee of the Board in consultation with Executive which may result in the target bonus being a higher or lower amount than $25,000.

(b) EBITDA
Bonus. In the event the Company achieves positive EBITDA (as defined below) for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters during the
Term through the first fiscal calendar quarter of 2026, Executive shall receive the following (the EBITDA Bonus):
(i) a cash bonus equal to $50,000 and (ii) a grant of 40,000 shares of Common Stock, which shall vest over a two year period in four
equal installments on each six month anniversary date after which the EBITDA Bonus was earned (the EBITDA Stock Bonus).
For the purposes of this Agreement, EBITDA means an amount equal to the result of (i) consolidated net income for
such period plus (ii) to the extent deducted in determining consolidated net income for such period, and without duplication,
(a) non-operating consolidated interest expense (which shall exclude, for the avoidance of doubt, interest expense relating to the acquisition
of equipment), (b) income tax expense determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (c) depreciation and amortization determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (d) any extraordinary losses and charges for such period, (e) all non-cash expenses
related to Board compensation, and (f) all other non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an
item that was included in consolidated net income in a prior period and any non-cash charge that relates to the write-down or write-off
of inventory and non-cash employee or vendor stock compensation), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, in each
case for such period less (iii) to the extent included in determining consolidated net income for such period, and without duplication,
(a) unusual gains and (b) non-cash gains, excluding any non-cash gains that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve
for, anticipated cash items in any prior period (other than any such accruals or cash reserves that have been added back consolidated
net income in calculating EBITDA in accordance with this definition).

(c) First
Stock Price Bonus. In the event the earlier of either of the following occur: (i) the average closing price of the Companys
Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three month prior to March 12, 2025 equals or exceeds $4.50 per share or
(but not and) the average closing price of the Companys Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three month period
during the Term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal year 2026 equals or exceeds $5.50 per share or (ii) the Company raises
an equity capital financing at a per share price equal to or in excess of $4.50 prior to March 12, 2025 or (but not and) $5.50
per share during the Term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal year 2026 which results in gross proceeds to the Company
of at least $2,500,000 (the First Stock Price Bonus), Executive shall receive (i) a cash bonus equal to $25,000
and (ii) a grant of 25,000 shares of Common Stock, which shall vest over a three year period in six equal installments on each six month
anniversary date after which the Second Stock Price Bonus was earned.

3

(d) Second
Stock Price Bonus. In the event the earlier of either of the following occur: (i) the average closing price of the Companys
Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq over any consecutive three month period during the Term and through the first sixty calendar days
of fiscal year 2026 equals or exceeds $7.50 per share or (ii) the Company raises an equity capital financing at a per share price equal
to or in excess of $7.50 during the Term and through the first sixty calendar days of fiscal year 2026 per share which results in gross
proceeds to the Company of at least $2,500,000, Executive shall receive the following (the Second Stock Price Bonus):
(i) a cash bonus equal to $50,000 and (ii) a grant of 50,000 shares of Common Stock, which shall vest over a three year period in six
equal installments on each six month anniversary date after which the Second Stock Price Bonus was earned.

(e) Bonus
Miscellaneous. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the EBITDA Stock Bonus, First Stock Price Bonus and the Second Stock Price Bonus
may be earned if the thresholds for all are achieved. Any Common Stock will may be granted to Executive pursuant to this Section 5 shall
be restricted securities as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

6. Additional
Equity Grants. During the Term and pursuant to the Plan, the Executive may receive additional equity grants in excess of the Equity
Grant and other equity grants already received by Executive, solely at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the
Board, which grants will be subject to a separate award agreement between the Company and the Executive.

7. Other
Benefits. While employed by the Company as provided herein:

(a) Executive
and Employee Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to all benefits to which other executive officers of the Company are entitled,
on terms comparable thereto, including, without limitation, participation in pension and profit sharing plans, 401(k) plan, group insurance
policies and plans, medical, health, vision, and disability insurance policies and plans, and the like, which may be maintained by the
Company for the benefit of its executives. The Company reserves the right to alter and amend the benefits received by Executive from
time to time at the Companys discretion.

(b) Expense
Reimbursement. The Executive shall receive, against presentation of proper receipts and vouchers, reimbursement for direct and reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, according to the policies of the Company
and subject to the approval of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

(c) Vacation.
The Executive shall be entitled to three weeks paid personal time off per 12-month period (including vacation) according to the Companys
personal time off policy. No untaken personal time off may be carried over to a subsequent year except in accordance with the Companys
then existing policies. Sick time shall not be limited by this Section 7(c) and shall be governed by the Companys policies for
sick leave.

4

8. Termination.
Executive and the Company each acknowledge that either Party has the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company
at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or with cause or advance notice pursuant to the following:

(a) Voluntary
Resignation by Executive, Termination for Cause or Death. In the event the Executive (i) voluntary terminates his employment with
the Company (other than for Good Reason as defined below), (ii) is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined below), or (iii) shall
die during the period of his employment hereunder, the Companys obligation to make payments hereunder shall cease upon the date
of such termination, except the Company shall pay Executive (a) any salary earned but unpaid prior to termination and all accrued but
unused personal time, and (b) any business expenses that were incurred but not reimbursed as of the date of termination. Vesting of any
equity grants shall immediately cease on the date of termination.

(b) Termination
by Disability. In the event Executive shall become permanently disabled, as evidenced by notice to the Company of Executives
inability to carry out his job responsibilities for a continuous period of more than three months, Executives employment shall
cease on such day however the Company shall continue (i) to make payment to Executive based on the then Base Salary for a period of three
months (in accordance with the Companys general payroll policy) commencing on the first payroll period following the fifteenth
day after termination of employment and (ii) to provide substantially similar coverage under the Companys then current medical,
health, and vision insurance plans to the Executive and his eligible dependents for a period of three months provided that Executive
continues to make any required employee contribution, in addition to any accrued but unpaid salary and unreimbursed expenses prior to
the date of termination. Vesting of any equity grants shall continue to vest pursuant to the schedule and terms previously established
during the three month severance period. Subsequent to the three month severance period the vesting of any equity grants shall immediately
cease.

(c) Termination
by the Company without Cause. The Company will have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at
any time without Cause.

i. During
the Initial Six Month Term. In the event Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason (as defined below) during
the initial six months of the Term, and upon the execution of a full general release by Executive (Release), releasing
all claims known or unknown that Executive may have against Company as of the date Executive signs such Release, and upon the written
acknowledgment of his continuing obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall continue (i) to make payment to Executive based
on the then Base Salary for a period of one year (in accordance with the Companys general payroll policy) commencing on the first
payroll period following the fifteenth day after termination of employment and (ii) to provide substantially similar coverage under the
Companys then current medical, health, and vision insurance plans to the Executive and his eligible dependents for a period of
one year provided that Executive continues to make any required employee contribution, in addition to any accrued but unpaid salary and
unreimbursed expenses prior to the date of termination. Vesting of any equity grants shall continue to vest pursuant to the schedule
and terms previously established during the one year severance period. Subsequent to the one year severance period the vesting of any
equity grants shall immediately cease.

5

ii. Subsequent
to the Initial Six Month Term. In the event Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason (as defined below)
subsequent to the initial six months of the Term or the Company fails to enter into a new employment agreement with the Executive at
the termination of the Term after bona fide and good faith negotiations between the Company and the Executive (except for a termination
for Cause), and upon the execution of a Release, and upon the written acknowledgment of his continuing obligations under this Agreement,
the Company shall continue (i) to make payment to Executive based on the then Base Salary for a period of one year less one month for
each month (on a pro-rated basis) such termination or resignation occurs subsequent to the initial six month anniversary of the Term
(the Adjusted Severance Period) (in accordance with the Companys general payroll policy) commencing on the
first payroll period following the fifteenth day after termination of employment and (ii) to provide substantially similar coverage under
the Companys then current medical, health, and vision insurance plans to the Executive and his eligible dependents for the Adjusted
Severance Period provided that Executive continues to make any required employee contribution, in addition to any accrued but unpaid
salary and unreimbursed expenses prior to the date of termination. Vesting of any equity grants shall continue to vest pursuant to the
schedule and terms previously established during the Adjusted Severance Period. Subsequent to the Adjusted Severance Period the vesting
of any equity grants shall immediately cease. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Executive is terminated without Cause or resigns
for Good reason at the end of the eight month anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be entitled to an Adjusted Severance
Period of ten months.

iii. Cause
means termination of the Executives employment because of the Executives: (i) commission of fraud, misappropriation or
embezzlement related to the business or property of the Company; (ii) conviction for, or guilty plea to, or plea of nolo contendere to,
a felony or crime of similar gravity in the jurisdiction in which such conviction or guilty plea occurs; (iii) material breach by the
Executive of this Agreement, and the duties described therein, or any other agreement to which the Executive and the Company or a member
of the Company Group are parties which breach is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) of written notice of such breach by the
Company, provided, however, no such written notice or cure period prior to termination shall be required for a breach which in incurable
by its nature such as wrongful disclosure of Confidential Information; (iv) commission by the Executive of acts that are dishonest and
demonstrably injurious to a member of the Company Group, monetarily or otherwise; (v) any violation by the Executive of any fiduciary
duties owed by him to the Company or a member of the Company Group that causes injury to the Company, other than breaches of fiduciary
duty also committed by other officers and members of the Board based on actions taken after consultation with, and the advice of, legal
counsel; and (vi) willful or material violation of, or willful or material noncompliance with, any securities law, rule or regulation
or stock exchange listing rule adversely affecting the Company including without limitation if the Executive has undertaken to provide
any chief financial officer or principal financial officer certification required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and he willfully or materially fails to take
reasonable and appropriate steps to determine whether or not the certificate was accurate or otherwise in compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act.

6

iv.
Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without the written consent of the Executive: (i) any duties,
functions or responsibilities are assigned to the Executive that are materially inconsistent with the Executives duties, functions
or responsibilities with the Company as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement; (ii) material diminution in Executives duties;
(iii) the Base Salary is materially reduced, unless a reduction is as part of an overall cost reduction program that affects all senior
executives of the Company and does not disproportionately affect the Executive or (iv) the Board and Executive mutually agree during
the Term to the replace Executive as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer.

9. 409A
Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with the short-term deferral rule under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
and be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and shall be construed
and interpreted in accordance with such intent, provided that, if any severance provided at any time hereunder involves non-qualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, it is intended to comply with the applicable rules with regard
thereto and shall be interpreted accordingly. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision
of this letter providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment that are considered
nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code unless such termination is also a separation from
service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and, for purposes of any such provision of this letter, references to a
termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If
Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section
409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then with regard to any payment that is considered non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code payable on account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date
which is the earlier of (A) the date that is immediately following the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date
of Executives separation from service, and (B) the date of Executives death (the Delay Period).
Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this paragraph (whether they would have otherwise
been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum,
and any remaining payments and benefits due under this letter shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified
for them herein. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this
letter shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. In no event may you, directly or indirectly,
designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this letter that is considered non-qualified deferred compensation. In the
event the time period for considering any release and it becoming effective as a condition of receiving severance shall overlap two calendar
years, no amount of such severance shall be paid in the earlier calendar year.

7

10. Proprietary
and Other Obligations.

(a) Confidential
Information. During the period of the Executives employment with the Company and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall
hold in secrecy for the Company Group all Confidential Information (as defined below) that may come to his knowledge, may have come to
his attention or may have come into his possession or control while employed by the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Executive shall not be required to maintain the confidentiality of any Confidential Information which (a) is or becomes available
to the public or others in the industry generally (other than as a result of inappropriate disclosure or use by the Executive in violation
of this Section 10(a)) or (b) the Executive is compelled to disclose under any applicable laws, regulations or directives of any government
agency, tribunal or authority having jurisdiction in the matter or under subpoena. Except as expressly required in the performance of
his duties to the Company under this Agreement, the Executive shall not use for his own benefit or disclose (or permit or cause the disclosure
of) to any Person, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information unless such use or disclosure has been specifically authorized
in writing by the Company in advance. During the Executives employment and as necessary to perform his duties under this Agreement,
the Company will provide and grant the Executive access to the Confidential Information. The Executive recognizes that any Confidential
Information is of a highly competitive value, will include Confidential Information not previously provided the Executive and that the
Confidential Information could be used to the competitive and financial detriment of the Company if misused or disclosed by the Executive.
The Company promises to provide access to the Confidential Information only in exchange for the Executives promises contained
herein, expressly including the covenants in this Agreement.

For
the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means any trade secrets and confidential and proprietary
information acquired by the Executive in the course and scope of his activities under this Agreement, including information acquired
from third parties, that (i) is not generally known or disseminated outside the Company (such as non-public information), (ii) is designated
or marked by the Company as confidential or reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary, or (iii) the Company
indicates through its policies, procedures, or other instructions should not be disclosed to anyone outside the Company. Without limiting
the foregoing definitions, some examples of Confidential Information under this Agreement include (a) matters of a technical nature,
such as scientific, trade or engineering secrets, know-how, formulae, secret processes, inventions, and research and development
plans or projects regarding existing and prospective customers and products or services, (b) information about costs, profits, markets,
sales, customer lists, customer needs, customer preferences and customer purchasing histories, supplier lists, internal financial data,
personnel evaluations, non-public information about products or services of the Company (including future plans about them), information
and material provided by third parties in confidence and/or with nondisclosure restrictions, computer access passwords, and internal
market studies or surveys and (c) and any other information or matters of a similar nature.

(b) Inventions.
The Executive agrees that all right, title and interest in and to any information, trade secrets, inventions, discoveries, developments,
derivative works, improvements, research materials and products made or conceived by the Executive alone or with others during the course
of the Executives employment and relating to the business of the Company or the Company Group shall belong exclusively to the
Company and the Company Group, as applicable. The Executive hereby irrevocably waives in favor of the Company any and all copyright and
moral rights, and irrevocably assigns to the Company any and all legal rights, that the Executive may have in respect of any such materials.
The Executive agrees to execute any assignments and/or acknowledgements as may be requested by the Company from time to time, at the
expense of the Company, without any further remuneration.

8

(c) Return
of Documents and Property. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive (or his heirs or personal
representatives) shall immediately deliver to the Company (a) all documents and materials containing Confidential Information (including
without limitation any soft copies or computerized or electronic versions thereof) or otherwise containing information
relating to the business and affairs of the Company (whether or not confidential), and (b) all other documents, materials and other property
belonging to the Company that are in the possession or under the control of the Executive.

(d) Non-disparagement.
The Executive agrees during and after the Term, he shall not to knowingly disparage the Company, its subsidiaries or its officers, directors,
employees or agents in any manner that could be harmful to it or them or its or their business, business reputation or personal reputation.
The Company agrees during and after the Term, it shall instruct its officers, directors, employees and agent not to knowingly disparage
the Executive in any manner that could be harmful to Executive or Executives business or personal reputation. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended to limit in any way either Partys right to participate in any investigation of any the federal, state or
local agencies (the Agencies). These agencies have the authority to carry out their statutory duties by investigating
a claim, issuing a determination, filing a lawsuit in Federal or state court in their own name, or taking any other action authorized
under these statutes. Each Party retains the right to communicate with the Agencies and is not limited by any non-disparagement obligation
under this Agreement. Additionally, this Agreement will not be violated by statements from any Party that are truthful, complete and
made in good faith in required response to a legal process or governmental inquiry.

11. Noncompetition
and Non-solicitation. Executive acknowledges that he will be a member of executive and management personnel at the Company.

(a) Definitions.

i. Competing
Business means any business or activity that (i) competes with any member of the Company Group for which the Executive performed
services or the Executive was involved in for purposes of making strategic or other material business decisions and (ii) involves (A)
the same or substantially similar types of products or services (individually or collectively) produced, offered, marketed or sold by
the Company during Term or (B) products or services so similar in nature to that of the Company Group during Term (or that the Company
Group will soon thereafter offer) that they would be reasonably likely to displace substantial business opportunities or customers of
the Company.

ii. Prohibited
Area means worldwide, which Prohibited Area the parties have agreed to as a result of the fact that those are the geographic
areas in which the Company Group conducts a preponderance of their business and in which the Executive provides substantive services
to the Company Group expand during the Term.

9

(b) Covenant
Not to Compete. Without the prior written consent of the Board (which may be withheld in the Boards sole discretion),
so long as the Executive is an employee of the Company or any other member of the Company Group and for a one year period thereafter,
the Executive agrees that he shall not anywhere in the Prohibited Area, for his own account or the benefit of any other, engage or participate
in or assist or otherwise be connected with a Competing Business. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive understands that this Section
11(b) prohibits the Executive from acting for himself or as an officer, employee, manager, operator, principal, owner, partner, shareholder,
advisor, consultant of, or lender to, any individual or other Person that is engaged or participates in or carries out a Competing Business
or is actively planning or preparing to enter into a Competing Business. The parties agree that such prohibition shall not apply to the
Executives passive ownership of not more than 5% of a publicly-traded company

(c) Non-solicitation
Covenant. Executive agrees that he will not, individually or with others, directly or indirectly (including without limitation, individually
or through any business, venture, proprietorship, partnership, or corporation in which they control or own more than a 5% interest, through
any agents, through any contractors, through recruiters, by their successors, by their employees, or by their assigns) hire, solicit,
or induce any employee of the Company to leave the Company during the period he is employed by the Company and for a period of two years
following the separation, resignation, or termination of Executives employment with the Company. Executive further agrees that
during the period he is employed by the Company and for two years thereafter, he will not, either directly or indirectly, solicit or
attempt to solicit any customer, client, supplier, investor, vendor, consultant or independent contractor of the Company to terminate,
reduce or negatively alter his, her or its relationship with the Company. The geographic scope of the covenants in Section 11(c) is the
Prohibited Area. Nothing in Sections 10 and 11 should be construed to narrow the obligations of Executive imposed by any other provision
herein, any other agreement, law or other source.

(d) Reasonable.
Executive agrees and acknowledges that the time limitation and the geographic scope on the restrictions in Sections 10 and 11 and their
subparts are reasonable. Executive also acknowledges and agrees that the limitation in Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts is reasonably
necessary for the protection of the Company, that through this Agreement he shall receive adequate consideration for any loss of opportunity
associated with the provisions herein, and that these provisions provide a reasonable way of protecting the Companys business
value which was imparted to him. In the event that any term, word, clause, phrase, provision, restriction, or section of Sections 10
and 11 of this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by the law of the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof,
the provisions of this Agreement shall be limited only to that extent that a judicial determination finds the same to be unreasonable
or otherwise unenforceable. Moreover, notwithstanding any judicial determination that any term, word, clause, phrase, provision, restriction,
or section of this Agreement is not specifically enforceable, the parties intend that the Company shall nonetheless be entitled to recover
monetary damages as a result of any breach hereof.

10

(e) Legal
and Equitable Remedies. In view of the nature of the rights in goodwill, employee relations, trade secrets, and business reputation
and prospects of the Company to be protected under Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement, Executive understands and agrees that the Company
could not be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law for Executives breach of their obligations (whether
individually or together) hereunder. Accordingly, Executive specifically agrees that the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent
injunctive relief, specific performance, and other equitable relief to enforce the provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement
and that such relief may be granted without the necessity of proving actual damages, and without bond. Executive acknowledges and
agrees that the provisions in Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts are essential and material to this Agreement, and that upon breach
of Sections 10 and 11 by him, the Company is entitled to withhold providing payments or consideration, to equitable relief to prevent
continued breach, to recover damages and to seek any other remedies available to the Company. This provision with respect to injunctive
relief shall not, however, diminish the right of the Company to claim and recover damages or other remedies in addition to equitable
relief.

(f) Extension
of Time. In the event that Executive breaches any covenant, obligation or duty in Sections 10 and 11 or their subparts, any such
duty, obligation, or covenants to which the parties agreed by Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts shall automatically toll from the
date of the first breach, and all subsequent breaches, until the resolution of the breach through private settlement, judicial or other
action, including all appeals. The duration and length of Executives duties and obligations as agreed by Sections 10 and 11 and
their subparts shall continue upon the effective date of any such settlement, or judicial or other resolution.

12. Miscellaneous.

(a) Taxes.
Executive agrees to be responsible for the payment of any taxes due on any and all compensation, stock option, or benefit provided
by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Executive agrees to indemnify the Company and hold the Company harmless from any and all claims
or penalties asserted against the Company for any failure to pay taxes due on any compensation, stock option, or benefit provided by
the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Executive expressly acknowledges that the Company has not made, nor herein makes, any representation
about the tax consequences of any consideration provided by the Company to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) Modification/Waiver.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified, superseded, canceled, renewed or expanded, or any terms or covenants hereof waived,
except by a writing executed by each of the parties hereto or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance. Failure of any
Party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect his or its right at a later time
to enforce the same. No waiver by a Party of a breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise,
in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of agreement contained in the Agreement.

(c) Attorneys
Fees. The prevailing Party shall have the right to collect from the other Party its reasonable costs and necessary disbursements
and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement.

11

(d) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of any successor or assignee of the business of
the Company. This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Executive.

(e) Notices.
All notices given hereunder shall be given by electronic communication, certified mail, addressed, or delivered by hand, to the other
Party at his or its address contained in the Companys records. Executive promptly shall notify Company of any change in Executives
address. Each notice shall be dated the date of its sending, mailing or delivery and shall be deemed given, delivered or completed on
such date.

(f) Governing
Law; Personal Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement and all disputes relating to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of New York as such laws are applied to agreements between New York residents entered into and performed entirely
in New York. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes the minimum contacts to establish personal jurisdiction in New York
and agree to New York courts exercise of personal jurisdiction. The Parties further agree that any disputes relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in courts located in the State of New York.

(g) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement together with any equity grants under the Plan set forth the entire agreement and understanding
of the parties hereto with regard to the employment of the Executive by the Company and supersede any and all prior agreements, arrangements
and understandings, written or oral, pertaining to the subject matter hereof. For the avoidance of doubt and as of the Effective Date,
the Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that the Prior Agreement shall be terminated in its entirety and be of no further force or effect,
including but not limited to any and all continuing or surviving obligations of both the Company and the Executive under the Prior Agreement,
and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement. No representation, promise or inducement relating to the subject matter hereof has been
made to a Party that is not embodied in these Agreements, and no Party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representation, promise
or inducement not so set forth.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have each duly executed this 2025 Executive Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.

NEXGEL, INC. EXECUTIVE

By: /s/
Steven Glassman /s/
Adam Levy

Steven Glassman Adam Levy

Board of Director 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

2025
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
2025 Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement), effective as of December 30, 2024, is by and between NEXGEL
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Joseph F. McGuire, an individual (the Executive).
The Company and the Executive shall sometimes be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as
the Parties.

BACKGROUND

A. Pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company desires to employ the Executive as its Chief Financial Officer and the Executive desires
to be employed by the Company as its Chief Financial Officer.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby,
agree as follows:

1. Employment.
The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive as its Chief Financial Officer and Executive hereby accepts such employment upon the
terms and conditions set forth herein and agrees to perform duties as assigned by the Company. The Executives employment, as provided
herein, shall commence on January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) and shall continue for a period of one year thereafter
unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 (Term). It is the intention of the Companys Board of Directors
(the Board) and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board to evaluate the Executives performance prior to
the end of the Term and potentially enter into an employment agreement with a longer term as the sole discretion of the Company. It is
understood and agreed by the Company and Executive that this Agreement does not contain any promise or representation concerning the
duration of Executives employment with the Company. Executive specifically acknowledges that his employment with the Company is
at-will and may be altered or terminated by either Executive or the Company at any time, with or without cause and/or with or without
notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Company Group shall include any and all subsidiaries of the Company
in which the Company owns at least a 10% equity interest.

2. Duties.
The Executive shall render exclusive, full-time services to the Company as its Chief Financial Officer. The Executive shall report to
the Companys Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors (the Board) and the Audit Committee of the Board.
Executives responsibilities, title, working conditions, location, duties and/or any other aspect of Executives employment
may be changed, added to or eliminated during his employment at the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Board. During the Term
of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote his best efforts and all of his business time, skill and attention to the performance of
his duties on behalf of the Company and the Company Group and shall not, directly or indirectly, render any services to any other person
or organization (including but not limited to as a member of a third-party board of directors), whether for compensation or otherwise,
except with the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

1

3. Policies
and Procedures. The Executive shall be bound by, and comply fully with, all of the Companys written policies and procedures
for employees and officers in place from time to time, including, but not limited to, all terms and conditions set forth in the Companys
employee handbook, compliance manual, codes of conduct and any other memoranda and communications applicable to the Executive pertaining
to the policies, procedures, rules and regulations, as currently in effect and as may be amended from time to time and provided to the
Executive in writing. These policies and procedures include, among other things and without limitation, the Executives obligations
to comply with the Companys rules regarding confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets.

4. Cash
Compensation.

(a) Salary.
For all services rendered and to be rendered hereunder, the Company agrees to pay to the Executive, and the Executive agrees to accept
a salary of $200,000 per annum (Base Salary) beginning on the Effective Date. Any such salary shall be payable in
accordance with the Companys normal payroll practice and shall be subject to such deductions or withholdings as the Company is
required to make pursuant to law, or by further agreement with the Executive.

(b) Bonus.
During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive annual bonus compensation in a targeted amount of thirty percent (30%) of
the Base Salary upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals both of the Company and the Executive as may
be determined by the Chief Executive Officer, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board in consultation with the Executive.

5. Initial
Stock Option Grant. On January 2, 2025, Executive shall receive stock options under the Companys 2019 Long-Term Incentive
Plan (the Plan) to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Companys common stock at a per share exercise price
equal to the fair market value per share of the Companys common stock on January 2, 2025 (the Stock Option).
The Stock Option shall be intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code), to the extent it qualifies for such treatment under the Code. The Stock Option shall
vest as follows: (i) 25,000 shares of common stock underlying the Stock Option shall vest on September 1, 2025; and (ii) the remaining
75,000 shares of common stock underlying the Stock Option shall vest equally per month on the last day of each month for thirty-six months
beginning on October 31, 2025 (with 2,084 shares vesting per month and 2,060 shares vesting on month thirty-six due to rounding adjustments);
provided Executive is employed on the applicable vesting date by the Company and/or Company Group. In the event of a Change in Control
(as defined in the Plan) of the Company, any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall accelerate, vest and become exercisable immediately
prior to the Change in Control. The Stock Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and applicable award
agreement.

6. Additional
Equity Grants. During the Term and pursuant to the Plan, the Executive may receive additional equity grants in excess of the Equity
Grant and other equity grants already received by Executive, solely at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the
Board, which grants will be subject to a separate award agreement between the Company and the Executive.

2

7. Other
Benefits. While employed by the Company as provided herein:

(a) Executive
and Employee Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to all benefits to which other executive officers of the Company are entitled,
on terms comparable thereto, including, without limitation, participation in pension and profit sharing plans, 401(k) plan, group insurance
policies and plans, medical, health, vision, and disability insurance policies and plans, and the like, which may be maintained by the
Company for the benefit of its executives and paid for by the Company. The Company reserves the right to alter and amend the benefits
received by Executive from time to time at the Companys discretion.

(b) Expense
Reimbursement. The Executive shall receive, against presentation of proper receipts and vouchers, reimbursement for direct and reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, according to the policies of the Company
and subject to the approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

(c) Vacation.
The Executive shall be entitled to three weeks paid personal time off per 12-month period (including vacation) according to the Companys
personal time off policy. No untaken personal time off may be carried over to a subsequent year except in accordance with the Companys
then existing policies. Sick time shall not be limited by this Section 7(c) and shall be governed by the Companys policies for
sick leave.

8. Termination
and Benefits upon a Change in Control.

(a) Termination
for Any Reason. Except as set forth in Section 8(b) below, Executive and the Company each acknowledge that either Party has the right
to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause (as defined below),
with or without Good Reason (as defined below), or advance notice and the Companys obligation to make payments hereunder shall
cease upon the date of such termination, except the Company shall pay Executive (a) any Base Salary earned but unpaid prior to termination
and all accrued but unused personal and/or vacation time, and (b) any business expenses that were incurred but not reimbursed as of the
date of termination. Vesting of any equity grants shall immediately cease on the date of termination.

(b) Benefits
upon a Change in Control Termination. The Executive will become entitled to the benefits described in this Section 8(b) on account
of a termination of employment if and only if (i) the Company terminates the Executives employment for any reason other than for
Cause, or the Executive terminates the Executives employment with the Company for Good Reason, and (ii) the termination of employment
occurs either within the period beginning on the date of a Change in Control and ending on the last day of the first full calendar month
following the first anniversary date of the Change in Control or prior to a Change in Control if the Executives termination of
employment was either a condition of the Change in Control.

3

i. Cash
Payment. Not more than 10 days following the date of termination, or, if later, not more than 10 days following the date of the Change
in Control, the Company will make a lump-sum cash payment to the Executive in an amount equal to one time the sum of (i) the Executives
Base Salary, plus (ii) 100% of the Executives target bonus established for the fiscal year during which the Change in Control
occurs.

ii. Group
Health Plans. If the Executive elects COBRA coverage under the Companys group health and/or dental plans, then for each month
of the Continuation Period (as defined below), the Company will pay the Executive an amount equal to the excess of (i) the portion of
the monthly cost for the Executives coverage under the Companys group health and/or dental plans that was borne by the
Company immediately prior to the Executives termination of employment or, if greater, immediately prior to the Change in Control
(subject to the rule for coverage changes discussed below) over (ii) the portion of the monthly cost for the Executives coverage
under the Companys group health and/or dental plans that is borne by the Company during the Continuation Period. If COBRA continuation
coverage is not available to the Executive during any portion of the Continuation Period (other than by reason of his or her failure
to elect COBRA continuation coverage or to pay the required premiums for such coverage), the Company will provide comparable medical
benefits pursuant to an alternative arrangement, such as an individual medical insurance contract, and such alternative benefits will
be treated as part of the Companys health and/or dental plan. Any reimbursement made under this Section 8(b)(ii) shall be made
on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which any continuation coverage payment was incurred. Continuation
Period means the period beginning on the Executives date of termination and ending on (x) the last day of the 12th
month that begins after the Executives date of termination or, if earlier, (y) the date after the Executives date of termination
on which the Executive first becomes eligible to participate as an employee in a plan of another employer providing group health and
dental benefits to the Executive and the Executives eligible family members and dependents, which plan does not contain any exclusion
or limitation with respect to any pre-existing condition of the Executive or any eligible family member or dependent who would otherwise
be covered under the Companys plan but for this clause (y).

iii. Cause
means termination of the Executives employment because of the Executives: (i) commission of fraud, misappropriation or
embezzlement related to the business or property of the Company; (ii) conviction for, or guilty plea to, or plea of nolo contendere to,
a felony or crime of similar gravity in the jurisdiction in which such conviction or guilty plea occurs; (iii) material breach by the
Executive of this Agreement, and the duties described therein, or any other agreement to which the Executive and the Company or a member
of the Company Group are parties which breach is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) of written notice of such breach by the
Company, provided, however, no such written notice or cure period prior to termination shall be required for a breach which in incurable
by its nature such as wrongful disclosure of Confidential Information; (iv) commission by the Executive of acts that are dishonest and
demonstrably injurious to a member of the Company Group, monetarily or otherwise; (v) any violation by the Executive of any fiduciary
duties owed by him to the Company or a member of the Company Group that causes injury to the Company, other than breaches of fiduciary
duty also committed by other officers and members of the Board based on actions taken after consultation with, and the advice of, legal
counsel; and (vi) willful or material violation of, or willful or material noncompliance with, any securities law, rule or regulation
or stock exchange listing rule adversely affecting the Company including without limitation if the Executive has undertaken to provide
any chief financial officer or principal financial officer certification required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and he willfully or materially fails to take
reasonable and appropriate steps to determine whether or not the certificate was accurate or otherwise in compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act.

4

iv.
Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without the written consent of the Executive: (i) any duties,
functions or responsibilities are assigned to the Executive that are materially inconsistent with the Executives duties, functions
or responsibilities with the Company as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement as in effect
immediately prior to the Change in Control; (ii) material diminution in Executives duties as
in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (iii) the Base Salary is materially reduced, unless a reduction is as part
of an overall cost reduction program that affects all senior executives of the Company and does not disproportionately affect the Executive
or (iv) the Company requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location that is more
than fifty (50) miles further from the office or location where the Executive was performing his duties under this Agreement immediately
preceding a Change in Control, except for required travel on the Companys business, and then only to the extent substantially
consistent with the business travel obligations which the Executive undertook on behalf of the Company during the 90-day period immediately
preceding the Change in Control.

9. 409A
Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with the short-term deferral rule under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
and be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and shall be construed
and interpreted in accordance with such intent, provided that, if any severance provided at any time hereunder involves non-qualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, it is intended to comply with the applicable rules with regard
thereto and shall be interpreted accordingly. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision
of this letter providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment that are considered
nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code unless such termination is also a separation from
service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and, for purposes of any such provision of this letter, references to a
termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If
Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section
409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then with regard to any payment that is considered non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code payable on account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date
which is the earlier of (A) the date that is immediately following the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date
of Executives separation from service, and (B) the date of Executives death (the Delay Period).
Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this paragraph (whether they would have otherwise
been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum,
and any remaining payments and benefits due under this letter shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified
for them herein. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this
letter shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. In no event may you, directly or indirectly,
designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this letter that is considered non-qualified deferred compensation. In the
event the time period for considering any release and it becoming effective as a condition of receiving severance shall overlap two calendar
years, no amount of such severance shall be paid in the earlier calendar year.

5

10. Proprietary
and Other Obligations.

(a) Confidential
Information. During the period of the Executives employment with the Company and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall
hold in secrecy for the Company Group all Confidential Information (as defined below) that may come to his knowledge, may have come to
his attention or may have come into his possession or control while employed by the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Executive shall not be required to maintain the confidentiality of any Confidential Information which (a) is or becomes available
to the public or others in the industry generally (other than as a result of inappropriate disclosure or use by the Executive in violation
of this Section 10(a)) or (b) the Executive is compelled to disclose under any applicable laws, regulations or directives of any government
agency, tribunal or authority having jurisdiction in the matter or under subpoena. Except as expressly required in the performance of
his duties to the Company under this Agreement, the Executive shall not use for his own benefit or disclose (or permit or cause the disclosure
of) to any Person, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information unless such use or disclosure has been specifically authorized
in writing by the Company in advance. During the Executives employment and as necessary to perform his duties under this Agreement,
the Company will provide and grant the Executive access to the Confidential Information. The Executive recognizes that any Confidential
Information is of a highly competitive value, will include Confidential Information not previously provided the Executive and that the
Confidential Information could be used to the competitive and financial detriment of the Company if misused or disclosed by the Executive.
The Company promises to provide access to the Confidential Information only in exchange for the Executives promises contained
herein, expressly including the covenants in this Agreement.

For
the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means any trade secrets and confidential and proprietary
information acquired by the Executive in the course and scope of his activities under this Agreement, including information acquired
from third parties, that (i) is not generally known or disseminated outside the Company (such as non-public information), (ii) is designated
or marked by the Company as confidential or reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary, or (iii) the Company
indicates through its policies, procedures, or other instructions should not be disclosed to anyone outside the Company. Without limiting
the foregoing definitions, some examples of Confidential Information under this Agreement include (a) matters of a technical nature,
such as scientific, trade or engineering secrets, know-how, formulae, secret processes, inventions, and research and development
plans or projects regarding existing and prospective customers and products or services, (b) information about costs, profits, markets,
sales, customer lists, customer needs, customer preferences and customer purchasing histories, supplier lists, internal financial data,
personnel evaluations, non-public information about products or services of the Company (including future plans about them), information
and material provided by third parties in confidence and/or with nondisclosure restrictions, computer access passwords, and internal
market studies or surveys and (c) and any other information or matters of a similar nature.

6

(b) Inventions.
The Executive agrees that all right, title and interest in and to any information, trade secrets, inventions, discoveries, developments,
derivative works, improvements, research materials and products made or conceived by the Executive alone or with others during the course
of the Executives employment and relating to the business of the Company or the Company Group shall belong exclusively to the
Company and the Company Group, as applicable. The Executive hereby irrevocably waives in favor of the Company any and all copyright and
moral rights, and irrevocably assigns to the Company any and all legal rights, that the Executive may have in respect of any such materials.
The Executive agrees to execute any assignments and/or acknowledgements as may be requested by the Company from time to time, at the
expense of the Company, without any further remuneration.

(c) Return
of Documents and Property. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive (or his heirs or personal
representatives) shall immediately deliver to the Company (a) all documents and materials containing Confidential Information (including
without limitation any soft copies or computerized or electronic versions thereof) or otherwise containing information
relating to the business and affairs of the Company (whether or not confidential), and (b) all other documents, materials and other property
belonging to the Company that are in the possession or under the control of the Executive.

(d) Non-disparagement.
The Executive agrees during and after the Term, he shall not to knowingly disparage the Company, its subsidiaries or its officers, directors,
employees or agents in any manner that could be harmful to it or them or its or their business, business reputation or personal reputation.
The Company agrees during and after the Term, it shall instruct its officers, directors, employees and agent not to knowingly disparage
the Executive in any manner that could be harmful to Executive or Executives business or personal reputation. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended to limit in any way either Partys right to participate in any investigation of any the federal, state or
local agencies (the Agencies). These agencies have the authority to carry out their statutory duties by investigating
a claim, issuing a determination, filing a lawsuit in Federal or state court in their own name, or taking any other action authorized
under these statutes. Each Party retains the right to communicate with the Agencies and is not limited by any non-disparagement obligation
under this Agreement. Additionally, this Agreement will not be violated by statements from any Party that are truthful, complete and
made in good faith in required response to a legal process or governmental inquiry.

11. Noncompetition
and Non-solicitation. Executive acknowledges that he will be a member of executive and management personnel at the Company.

(a) Definitions.

i. Competing
Business means any business or activity that (i) competes with any member of the Company Group for which the Executive performed
services or the Executive was involved in for purposes of making strategic or other material business decisions and (ii) involves (A)
the same or substantially similar types of products or services (individually or collectively) produced, offered, marketed or sold by
the Company during Term or (B) products or services so similar in nature to that of the Company Group during Term (or that the Company
Group will soon thereafter offer) that they would be reasonably likely to displace substantial business opportunities or customers of
the Company.

7

ii. Prohibited
Area means worldwide, which Prohibited Area the parties have agreed to as a result of the fact that those are the geographic
areas in which the Company Group conducts a preponderance of their business and in which the Executive provides substantive services
to the Company Group expand during the Term.

(b) Covenant
Not to Compete. Without the prior written consent of the Board (which may be withheld in the Boards sole discretion),
so long as the Executive is an employee of the Company or any other member of the Company Group and for a one year period thereafter,
the Executive agrees that he shall not anywhere in the Prohibited Area, for his own account or the benefit of any other, engage or participate
in or assist or otherwise be connected with a Competing Business. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive understands that this Section
11(b) prohibits the Executive from acting for himself or as an officer, employee, manager, operator, principal, owner, partner, shareholder,
advisor, consultant of, or lender to, any individual or other Person that is engaged or participates in or carries out a Competing Business
or is actively planning or preparing to enter into a Competing Business. The parties agree that such prohibition shall not apply to the
Executives passive ownership of not more than 5% of a publicly-traded company

(c) Non-solicitation
Covenant. Executive agrees that he will not, individually or with others, directly or indirectly (including without limitation, individually
or through any business, venture, proprietorship, partnership, or corporation in which they control or own more than a 5% interest, through
any agents, through any contractors, through recruiters, by their successors, by their employees, or by their assigns) hire, solicit,
or induce any employee of the Company to leave the Company during the period he is employed by the Company and for a period of one year
following the separation, resignation, or termination of Executives employment with the Company. Executive further agrees that
during the period he is employed by the Company and for two years thereafter, he will not, either directly or indirectly, solicit or
attempt to solicit any customer, client, supplier, investor, vendor, consultant or independent contractor of the Company to terminate,
reduce or negatively alter his, her or its relationship with the Company. The geographic scope of the covenants in Section 11(c) is the
Prohibited Area. Nothing in Sections 10 and 11 should be construed to narrow the obligations of Executive imposed by any other provision
herein, any other agreement, law or other source.

(d) Reasonable.
Executive agrees and acknowledges that the time limitation and the geographic scope on the restrictions in Sections 10 and 11 and their
subparts are reasonable. Executive also acknowledges and agrees that the limitation in Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts is reasonably
necessary for the protection of the Company, that through this Agreement he shall receive adequate consideration for any loss of opportunity
associated with the provisions herein, and that these provisions provide a reasonable way of protecting the Companys business
value which was imparted to him. In the event that any term, word, clause, phrase, provision, restriction, or section of Sections 10
and 11 of this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by the law of the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof,
the provisions of this Agreement shall be limited only to that extent that a judicial determination finds the same to be unreasonable
or otherwise unenforceable. Moreover, notwithstanding any judicial determination that any term, word, clause, phrase, provision, restriction,
or section of this Agreement is not specifically enforceable, the parties intend that the Company shall nonetheless be entitled to recover
monetary damages as a result of any breach hereof.

8

(e) Legal
and Equitable Remedies. In view of the nature of the rights in goodwill, employee relations, trade secrets, and business reputation
and prospects of the Company to be protected under Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement, Executive understands and agrees that the Company
could not be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law for Executives breach of their obligations (whether
individually or together) hereunder. Accordingly, Executive specifically agrees that the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent
injunctive relief, specific performance, and other equitable relief to enforce the provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement
and that such relief may be granted without the necessity of proving actual damages, and without bond. Executive acknowledges and
agrees that the provisions in Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts are essential and material to this Agreement, and that upon breach
of Sections 10 and 11 by him, the Company is entitled to withhold providing payments or consideration, to equitable relief to prevent
continued breach, to recover damages and to seek any other remedies available to the Company. This provision with respect to injunctive
relief shall not, however, diminish the right of the Company to claim and recover damages or other remedies in addition to equitable
relief.

(f) Extension
of Time. In the event that Executive breaches any covenant, obligation or duty in Sections 10 and 11 or their subparts, any such
duty, obligation, or covenants to which the parties agreed by Sections 10 and 11 and their subparts shall automatically toll from the
date of the first breach, and all subsequent breaches, until the resolution of the breach through private settlement, judicial or other
action, including all appeals. The duration and length of Executives duties and obligations as agreed by Sections 10 and 11 and
their subparts shall continue upon the effective date of any such settlement, or judicial or other resolution.

12. Miscellaneous.

(a) Taxes.
Executive agrees to be responsible for the payment of any taxes due on any and all compensation, stock option, or benefit provided
by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Executive agrees to indemnify the Company and hold the Company harmless from any and all claims
or penalties asserted against the Company for any failure to pay taxes due on any compensation, stock option, or benefit provided by
the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Executive expressly acknowledges that the Company has not made, nor herein makes, any representation
about the tax consequences of any consideration provided by the Company to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) Modification/Waiver.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified, superseded, canceled, renewed or expanded, or any terms or covenants hereof waived,
except by a writing executed by each of the parties hereto or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance. Failure of any
Party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect his or its right at a later time
to enforce the same. No waiver by a Party of a breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise,
in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of agreement contained in the Agreement.

9

(c) Attorneys
Fees. The prevailing Party shall have the right to collect from the other Party its reasonable costs and necessary disbursements
and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement.

(d) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of any successor or assignee of the business of
the Company. This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Executive.

(e) Notices.
All notices given hereunder shall be given by electronic communication, certified mail, addressed, or delivered by hand, to the other
Party at his or its address contained in the Companys records. Executive promptly shall notify Company of any change in Executives
address. Each notice shall be dated the date of its sending, mailing or delivery and shall be deemed given, delivered or completed on
such date.

(f) Governing
Law; Personal Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement and all disputes relating to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of New York as such laws are applied to agreements between New York residents entered into and performed entirely
in New York. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes the minimum contacts to establish personal jurisdiction in New York
and agree to New York courts exercise of personal jurisdiction. The Parties further agree that any disputes relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in courts located in the State of New York.

(g) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement together with any equity grants under the Plan set forth the entire agreement and understanding
of the parties hereto with regard to the employment of the Executive by the Company and supersede any and all prior agreements, arrangements
and understandings, written or oral, pertaining to the subject matter hereof. No representation, promise or inducement relating to the
subject matter hereof has been made to a Party that is not embodied in these Agreements, and no Party shall be bound by or liable for
any alleged representation, promise or inducement not so set forth.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have each duly executed this 2025 Executive Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.

NEXGEL, INC. EXECUTIVE

By: /s/
Adam Levy /s/ Joseph F. McGuire

Adam Levy Joseph F. McGuire

Chief Executive Officer 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NEXGEL
Appoints Joseph F. McGuire as Chief Financial Officer

LANGHORNE,
Pa. January 2, 2025 NEXGEL, Inc. (NEXGEL or the Company) (NASDAQ: NXGL),
a leading provider of medical and over-the-counter (OTC) products including ultra-gentle, high-water-content
hydrogels for healthcare and consumer applications, today announced the appointment of Joseph F. McGuire as Chief Financial Officer,
effective January 1, 2025. Adam E. Drapczuk III, current Chief Financial Officer, will remain with the Company as a consultant.

Adam
Levy, Chief Executive Officer, stated, As our business continues to experience high growth, it is imperative we consistently acquire
talented and experienced professionals to join our team particularly in operations and finance. Joe brings many decades of public company
and financial experience that will be invaluable during this critical juncture in our company history.

Mr.
Levy continued, I would like to thank Adam Drapczuk for his invaluable contributions to NEXGELs progress and success. We
wish him good luck as he builds his own consulting business through Achieving Consulting Excellence, LLC, and are pleased that we can
still rely on him moving forward.

Mr.
McGuire has over 30 years of financial and public company experience, having served as Chief Financial Officer for several privately
held and publicly traded companies in the health care, financial services, investment, and manufacturing industries. He was a key member
of the team that successfully guided a biotechnology company through its IPO, resulting in its listing on the NYSE in July 2022. In these
roles, Mr. McGuires responsibilities included SEC financial reporting, investor relations, corporate governance, legal and audit
liaison, and team building. He began his career with Price Waterhouse, where he was a certified public accountant, and later held management
positions with Dean Witter Reynolds and Paine Webber, Inc. Mr. McGuire received a Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University
of Notre Dame. Mr. McGuire has consulted with NEXGEL since September 2, 2024, and will serve on the executive management team to lead
the Companys finance functions.

Mr.
McGuire, newly appointed Chief Financial Officer of NEXGEL, commented, It is an exciting time to be part of NEXGEL. Adam Levy
and his team have executed consistently and exceeded the markets expectations. I look forward to working with him, Adam Drapczuk and
the rest of the team going forward.

About
NEXGEL, Inc.

NEXGEL
is a leading provider of healthcare, beauty, and over-the-counter (OTC) products including ultra-gentle, high-water-content hydrogels.
Based in Langhorne, Pa., the Company has developed and manufactured electron-beam, cross-linked hydrogels for over two decades. NEXGEL
brands include SilverSeal, Hexagels, Turfguard, Kenkoderm and Silly George.
Additionally, NEXGEL has strategic contract manufacturing relationships with leading consumer healthcare companies.

Forward-Looking
Statement

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (which Sections were adopted as part
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believe,
anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project,
prospects, outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs, such as will,
should, would, may, and could, are generally forward-looking in nature and not
historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
Companys actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, performance, or
achievements for many reasons. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact the Companys
forward-looking statements, please see the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, including
but not limited to the discussion under Risk Factors therein, which the Company filed with the SEC and which may be viewed
at http://www.sec.gov/.

Investor
Contacts:

Valter
Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA
Strategic Communications

212.896.1254

NEXGEL@KCSA.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nxgl-20241230.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nxgl-20241230_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nxgl-20241230_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nxgl-20241230_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 30, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41173

Entity Registrant Name NEXGEL,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001468929

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4042544

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2150
Cabot Boulevard West

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite B

Entity Address, City or Town Langhorne

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19067

City Area Code (215)

Local Phone Number 702-8550

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol NXGL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock

Trading Symbol NXGLW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NXGL_CommonStockParValue0.001Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NXGL_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nexgel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
nxgl-20241230.xsd 
nxgl-20241230_def.xml 
nxgl-20241230_lab.xml 
nxgl-20241230_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001000-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001468929 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

0001468929 

NXGL:CommonStockParValue0.001Member 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

0001468929 

NXGL:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001468929 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
NEXGEL, INC. 
DE 
001-41173 
26-4042544 
2150 Cabot Boulevard West 
Suite B 
Langhorne 
PA 
19067 
(215) 
702-8550 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
NXGL 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
NXGLW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>