<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-060853.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-060853.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324071022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-060853
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rapid7, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001560327
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				352423994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37496
		FILM NUMBER:		25762206

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 CAUSEWAY STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-247-1717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 CAUSEWAY STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rapid7 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121015
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d920173d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000156032700015603272025-03-212025-03-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025 (March 21, 2025)

Rapid7, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37496 35-2423994

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

120 Causeway Street,

Boston, Massachusetts02114

(Address of principal executive offices), including zip code

(617)247-1717

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name, or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share RPD The Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 21, 2025, Rapid7, Inc. (Company) entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with JANA Partners Management, LP (together with its controlled affiliates and controlled associates, JANA). 

In accordance with the Cooperation Agreement and the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Company agreed to (i) expand the size of the Board from eight (8) to eleven (11) directors, and (ii) appoint, effective no later than April 15, 2025, each of (A) Wael Mohamed and (B) Michael Burns to serve as an independent director of the Companys board of directors (the Board) who will stand for election at the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). Pursuant to the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, promptly upon written request from JANA, the Board will appoint Kevin Galligan (together with Mr. Mohamed and Mr. Burns, the Agreed Nominees) to serve as an independent director of the Board who will stand for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company also agreed that the vacancies resulting from the increase in the size of the Board may only be filled by the Agreed Nominees and by no other person(s), and (ii) the appointment of Mr. Galligan will occur (and such request from JANA will be sent) no later than 45 business days following March 21, 2025. The Agreed Nominees will be included in the Companys slate of nominees for election as directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company has agreed that, following the appointment of the Agreed Nominees, the Company will not increase the size of the Board above twelve (12) directors prior to the Termination Date (as defined below). 

If (A) Mr. Galligan resigns or otherwise vacates his role as a director at any time from the date of the Cooperation Agreement until the Termination Date, then JANA will have the right to designate a replacement candidate that meets the criteria set forth in the Cooperation Agreement and is reasonably acceptable to the Board, and (B) Mr. Burns resigns or otherwise vacates his role as a director at any time from the date of the Cooperation Agreement until the Termination Date, then the Company and JANA will mutually agree on a replacement director, in each case provided JANA still beneficially owns an aggregate net long position of at least 2% (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits and similar events) of the Companys outstanding common stock,. 

Concurrently with the appointments of the Agreed Nominees, Mr. Galligan shall be appointed to the Compensation Committee of the Board and Mr. Burns shall be appointed to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Board has agreed to give the Agreed Nominees the same due consideration for membership on any committee of the Board as any other independent director with similar relevant expertise and qualifications, including any new committee(s) and subcommittee(s) that may be established. 

The Cooperation Agreement also contains customary mutual non-disparagement provisions. Each partys obligations under the respective non-disparagement provisions of the Cooperation Agreement will terminate immediately upon any breach by the other party of its non-disparagement obligations. 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, JANA may not, directly or indirectly, acquire beneficial or other ownership of more than 14.9% of the shares of the Companys outstanding common stock, without the prior written consent of the Board. 

Additionally, JANA will vote all shares of the Companys common stock beneficially owned by it and over which it has direct or indirect voting power at any annual or special meeting of the Companys stockholders (prior to the Termination Date) (i) in favor of the following persons for election as directors of the Company and no other person(s): the Agreed Nominees, Corey E. Thomas, Michael J. Berry, Marc Brown, Judy Bruner, Benjamin Holzman, J. Benjamin Nye, Thomas Schodorf and Reeny Sodhi and (ii) in accordance with the Boards recommendations with 

respect to (a) the election, removal or replacement of directors of the Company to the extent such recommendations are made in accordance with clause (i), and (b) any other proposal submitted to shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) recommends otherwise with respect to any proposals (other than the election of the persons named in clause (i)), JANA will be permitted to vote in accordance with the ISS or Glass Lewis recommendation; provided, further, that JANA will be permitted to vote in its sole discretion with respect to an extraordinary transaction and matters related to the implementation of takeover defenses. 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Mr. Galligan will submit an irrevocable resignation letter (the Irrevocable Resignation Letter) resigning as a director of the Company effective only upon, and subject to, the occurrence of a material breach by JANA of certain of its obligations under the Irrevocable Resignation Letter. 

Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by each party, the Cooperation Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the date that is thirty (30) calendar days prior to the beginning of the Companys advance notice period for the nomination of directors at the 2026 annual meeting of the Companys stockholders, and (ii) January 9, 2026 (the Termination Date). 

The foregoing summary of the Cooperation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by reference to the full text of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above of this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Effective March 21, 2025, the Board increased the size of the Board from eight (8) to eleven (11) directors and appointed each of Mr. Mohamed and Mr. Burns as directors, effective no later than April 15, 2025. Additionally, the Board approved the appointment of Mr. Galligan as a director contingent upon receipt of a written request from JANA pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, effective no later than 45 business days following March 21, 2025. 

Mr. Mohamed has a unique combination of cybersecurity, digital transformation, and executive leadership expertise, which has enabled him to be a go-to advisor for boards and executives for more than 30 years. Mr. Mohamed is the co-founder and Managing General Partner of Global Forward Capital. Prior to that, Mr. Mohamed was an Operating Partner at Advent International and became the CEO of Forescout, an Advent International portfolio company. He previously served as President & COO and board member of Trend Micro Group. Mr. Mohamed received a Bachelor of Computer Science from Dalhousie University and the Executive Corporate Director Certificate from Harvard Business School. The Board does not anticipate appointing Mr. Mohamed to any Board committees upon his appointment. 

Mr. Burns has more than 25 years of senior leadership experience in finance and operations with high-growth public technology companies. Most recently, Mr. Burns served as Chief Financial Officer of Imperva, Inc. Previously he served as CFO of Gigamon as well as CFO of Volterra Semiconductor. Earlier in his career, Mr. Burns held senior finance roles at Intel Corporation. He earned his A.B. in Economics and M.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University, and his MBA from the UC Berkeley Haas School of Business. Upon his appointment to the Board, Mr. Burns will sit on the Audit Committee of the Board. 

Mr. Galligan has 18 years of experience investing in companies and driving shareholder value. He is a Partner and Director of Research at JANA Partners, an investment firm specializing in enhancing shareholder value. Mr. Galligan joined JANA Partners in 2011 from Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company where he was a Principal in the North American Private Equity Group. Prior to that, he worked in the Mergers & Acquisitions Advisory Division of The Blackstone Group. Mr. Galligan holds a B.A. in Economics from Columbia University. Upon his appointment to the Board, Mr. Galligan will sit on the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

Messrs. Mohamed, Burns and Galligan will be appointed to the Board pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. Additionally, based only on the Schedule 13D filed by JANA and Mr. Burns with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 13, 2025, the Company understands and hereby discloses that Mr. Burns 

entered into a nomination agreement with JANA, dated as of March 11, 2025 (the Nominee Agreement) pursuant to which Mr. Burns agreed, upon the election of JANA, to become a member of a slate of nominees and to stand for election as a director of the Company at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Pursuant to the Nominee Agreement, JANA has agreed to pay the costs of soliciting proxies in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting, and to defend and indemnify Mr. Burns against, and with respect to, any losses that may be incurred by Mr. Burns in the event he becomes a party to litigation based on his nomination as a candidate for election to the Board and the solicitation of proxies in support of his election. Mr. Burns received compensation under the Nominee Agreement in the amount of $50,000. Pursuant to the Nominee Agreement, in the event Mr. Burns was elected to the Board in a contested election, he would have been entitled to receive from JANA an additional $150,000 and would have been required to hold shares of the Companys common stock with a market value equal to $200,000 (adjusted for taxes) as of the date of his election (subject to certain exceptions), until the later of when he is no longer a director of the Company and three years from the date of his appointment (subject to certain exceptions). The Nominee Agreement terminated upon the execution of the Cooperation Agreement. The foregoing summary of the Nominee Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Nominee Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the Schedule 13D with the SEC on March 13, 2025 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Each Agreed Nominee, upon his respective appointment to the Board, will receive compensation consistent with the Companys compensation program for non-employee directors, as described in the Companys proxy statement, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2024. It is anticipated that Mr. Galligan will assign all of his compensation received for his service as a director to JANA. 

The effective date of appointment of each Agreed Nominee has not yet been determined. The Company will file an amendment to this Form 8-K to announce the effective date of such Agreed Nominees appointment promptly upon its determination. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the matters addressed above. A copy of the press release is furnished with this report as Exhibit 99.1. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, by and between Rapid7, Inc. and JANA Partners Management, LP, dated March 21, 2024. 

99.1 Press Release dated March 24, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 24, 2025 Rapid 7, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Tim Adams

Name: Tim Adams

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d920173dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Execution Version

Exhibit 10.1 

COOPERATION
AGREEMENT 

This cooperation agreement, dated March 21, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and between JANA Partners
Management, LP, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its controlled Affiliates and controlled Associates, JANA), and Rapid7, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). The Company and JANA are
each herein referred to as a party and, collectively, the parties. In consideration of and reliance upon the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Representations and Warranties of
the Company. The Company represents and warrants to JANA that: (a) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms; and (b) the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will not conflict
with, or result in a breach or violation of the organizational documents of, the Company as currently in effect, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not violate or conflict with (i) any
law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or
default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or
arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. The Company represents that the size of the Companys board of directors (the Board) as of immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement is eight
(8) directors. 

2. Representations and Warranties of JANA. JANA represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) this
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by JANA, and is a valid and binding obligation of JANA, enforceable against JANA in accordance with its terms; (b) the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of the organizational documents of, JANA as currently in effect,
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not and will not violate or conflict with (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which it is a party or by which it is bound; and (iii) as of the date of this Agreement, JANA beneficially owns
3,690,129 shares of the Companys common stock (any shares of the Companys common stock, the Shares) and has voting authority over such Shares and, other than as set forth below, does not beneficially own or
economically own any other Shares or any Synthetic Equity Interests or Short Interest in the Company. The term Short Interest shall mean any agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship, including any repurchase or
similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such person, the purpose or effect of which is 

to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities by, manage the risk of share price changes for,
or increase or decrease the voting power of, such person with respect to the shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, or that provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any decrease in the price or
value of the shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities. The term Synthetic Equity Interests means any derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions engaged in, directly or indirectly,
by such person, the purpose or effect of which is to give such person economic risk similar to ownership of equity securities of any class or series of the Company, including due to the fact that the value of such derivative, swap or other
transactions are determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, or which derivative, swap or other transactions provide the opportunity to profit from any
increase in the price or value of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, without regard to whether (i) the derivative, swap or other transactions convey any voting rights in such equity securities to such person;
(ii) the derivative, swap or other transactions are required to be, or are capable of being, settled through delivery of such equity securities; or (iii) such person may have entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the
economic effect of such derivative, swap or other transactions. In addition, as of the date hereof, certain accounts under JANAs management and control have entered into notional principal amount derivative agreements in the form of cash
settled swaps with respect to an aggregate of 4,167,438 Shares. 

3. Board Nomination and Other Company Matters. 

(a) In accordance with the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws) and Delaware law, substantially
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Board shall take all necessary action to (i) expand the size of the Board to eleven (11) directors, and (ii) appoint each of (A) Michael Burns (the Mutual
Nominee) and (B) Wael Mohamed (Mr. Mohamed), effective no later than April 15, 2025, to serve as an independent Company director who will stand for election at the 2025 annual meeting of the
Companys stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). Following the execution of this Agreement, promptly upon written request (email being sufficient) from JANA, the Board shall appoint Kevin Galligan (the JANA
Nominee, and together with the Mutual Nominee and Mr. Mohamed, the Agreed Nominees) to fill the remaining vacancy resulting from the increase in the size of the Board and to serve as an independent Company director
who will stand for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting; provided, that (i) the Company agrees that the vacancies resulting from the increase in the size of the Board may only be filled by the Agreed Nominees and by no other person(s),
and (ii) the appointment of the JANA Nominee shall occur (and such request from JANA shall be sent) no later than forty-five (45) business days following the date hereof. The Company agrees to recommend in favor of and solicit
stockholders to vote in favor of the election of each of the Agreed Nominees at the 2025 Annual Meeting on terms no less favorable than the Company provides for all other nominees of the Board standing for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

(b) Concurrently with his appointment to the Board, the Mutual Nominee shall be appointed to the Audit Committee of the Board, and, effective
upon the JANA Nominees appointment to the Board, the JANA Nominee shall be appointed to the Compensation Committee of the Board. The Company agrees that each Agreed Nominee (and any Replacement Nominee (as defined below)) shall be given the
same due consideration for membership on committees of the Board as any other independent director, including any new committee(s) and subcommittee(s) that may be established. 

2 

(c) In addition, as a condition to, and prior to, the appointment of the JANA Nominee, the
JANA Nominee shall have executed and delivered to the Company an irrevocable resignation as a director of the Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Irrevocable Resignation Letter), it being understood that in the
event the Irrevocable Resignation Letter becomes effective pursuant to the terms thereof, it shall be in the Boards sole discretion whether to accept or reject such resignation and effectuate the JANA Nominees termination from the Board,
as the case may be. JANA acknowledges and agrees that the Companys obligations with respect to Sections 3(a) and (f) of the Agreement shall terminate (i) in the event the Irrevocable Resignation Letter becomes effective
pursuant to the terms thereof or (ii) in the event the appointment of the JANA Nominee has not yet occurred, upon the occurrence of an event that would cause the Irrevocable Resignation Letter to become effective pursuant to the terms thereof
as if the appointment of the JANA Nominee had occurred on the date hereof, in each case, upon the Boards acceptance of such resignation or deemed resignation of the JANA Nominee. 

(d) During the Cooperation Period (defined below), and except as provided in Section 3(c), the Company shall not
seek or support the removal of the Agreed Nominees from the Board. In addition, during the Cooperation Period, except as provided in Section 3(c), no Agreed Nominee shall be required to tender his or her resignation as a
director by reason of any change in principal occupation or business association, or by reason of his or her serving on additional boards, unless such change involves a competitor of the Company (as defined by Section 8 of the Clayton Act and
determined in good faith as informed by the legal opinion of outside counsel) or otherwise presents a conflict of interest (as determined in good faith as informed by the legal opinion of outside counsel) with respect to his or her continued
services as a director. 

(e) During the Cooperation Period, the Company shall not increase the size of the Board in excess of twelve
(12) directors, and the Company shall not decrease the size of the Board if such decrease would require the resignation of an Agreed Nominee. Other than with respect to vacancies filled pursuant to Sections3(a) and 3(f)
(which shall be filled in accordance with their terms) or arising as a result of a breach of this Agreement by the Company, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Company from filling all vacancies in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company
and the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(f) 

(i) If the JANA Nominee or the Mutual Nominee resigns as a director or otherwise refuses to or is otherwise unwilling or unable to maintain
his or her director role at any time prior to the end of the Cooperation Period (as defined below) for any reason, including as a result of death or disability or otherwise (such Agreed Nominee, a Former Nominee and any
replacement, a Replacement Nominee), then, (i) if such Former Nominee was the JANA Nominee, JANA shall have the right to designate a replacement therefor that is reasonably acceptable to theBoard (which acceptance
shall not be unreasonably withheld); providedthat such Replacement Nominee qualifies as an independent director under the applicable rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq Listing Rules; provided, further, that, if JANAs
proposed Replacement Nominee is not acceptable to the Board, JANA shall continue to have the right to designate a Replacement Nominee until such a Replacement Nominee is accepted by the Board, and (ii) if such Former Nominee was the Mutual
Nominee, the Company and JANA shall mutually agree on a replacement director. 

3 

(ii) In the event that JANA identifies a Replacement Nominee, (A) the Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to conduct any necessary interviews for such proposed Replacement Nominee as promptly as practicable, (B) the Board (or any applicable committee thereof) shall, as promptly as practicable, review and make a
recommendation on such Replacement Nominees candidacy and make a determination and recommendation regarding whether the Replacement Nominee meets the relevant criteria to be appointed to the Board (which determination shall be made by the
Board acting in good faith in accordance with its customary procedures and requirements, including consideration of candidate interviews, director qualifications and the overall composition of the Board) within ten (10) business days after such
person has provided all information, and complied with all procedures, reasonably required from an Agreed Nominee pursuant to such customary procedures and requirements, and (C) the Board shall vote on the appointment of such Replacement
Nominee no later than the earlier of (x) ten (10) business days after such recommendation and (y) unless any proposed Replacement Nominee candidate shall have failed to provide all information and complied with all procedures reasonably
required hereunder, twenty (20) business days after JANA identifies such Replacement Nominee. 

(iii) Upon such Replacement
Nominees appointment to the Board, the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall take all necessary actions to appoint such Replacement Nominee to any applicable committee of the Board of which the Former Nominee was a member
immediately prior to such Former Nominees resignation or removal or, if the Board or the applicable committee of the Board determines in good faith that the Replacement Nominee does not satisfy the requirements of the Nasdaq or applicable law
with respect to service on the applicable committee (which determination shall be made reasonably and in good faith), to an alternative committee of the Board. For the avoidance of doubt, such Replacement Nominee (A) for a JANA Nominee shall
thereafter be deemed the JANA Nominee for purposes of this Agreement and be entitled to the same rights and subject to the same requirements under this Agreement as were applicable hereunder to the JANA Nominee, and (B) for a Mutual
Nominee shall thereafter be deemed the Mutual Nominee for purposes of this Agreement and be entitled to the same rights and subject to the same requirements under this Agreement as were applicable hereunder to the Mutual Nominee. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Companys obligations under this Section 3(f) shall terminate immediately if JANA ceases to beneficially own an aggregate Net Long Position of at least 2% (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reverse stock splits and similar events) of the Companys outstanding common stock. The term Net Long Position shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act in respect
of the Companys outstanding common stock. During the Cooperation Period, JANA shall not acquire or agree to acquire, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any securities of the Company or any rights
decoupled from the underlying securities of the Company that would result in JANA owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership interest in 14.9% or more of the Companys outstanding common stock without the prior
written consent of the Board. 

4 

4. Cooperation. 

(a) JANA agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date (such period, the Cooperation Period),
neither JANA nor any of its Representatives shall in any manner, directly or indirectly, make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any statement or announcement that relates to or constitutes an
ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages, the Company, its business, any of its subsidiaries or any of its or such subsidiaries officers, directors, or employees or any person who has served as an officer, director or employee of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries; provided, however, that JANA shall be permitted to (i) make objective statements that reflect JANAs view, as a stockholder, with respect to factual matters concerning specific acts or
determinations of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement, as long as such statements do not violate any other provision of this Agreement; (ii) make statements and/or speak privately with the Board and senior members of the
Companys management including, without limitation, with respect to unpremeditated, private, informal remarks that are not part of any coordinated communication or campaign and that are not intended or designed to circumvent, directly or
indirectly, the restrictions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iii) make statements and/or speak privately to JANAs limited partner investors or potential limited partner investors in a manner consistent with prior practice and under
circumstances where it is expressly understood and agreed that such communications are and will remain private; provided, further, that, in either of the foregoing cases (ii) and (iii), such private discussions would not reasonably be
expected to require public disclosure pursuant to applicable law and do not otherwise violate any other provision of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, JANAs obligations under this Section 4(a) shall
terminate immediately if there is a breach by the Company of any of its obligations under Section 4(b) below. 

(b) The Company agrees that, during the Cooperation Period, neither it nor any of its Representatives shall in any manner, directly or
indirectly, make, or cause to be made, or in any way encourage any other person to make or cause to be made, any public statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on or otherwise disparages, JANA, its
business, or any of its members, officers or directors or any person who has served as a member, officer or director of JANA (it being understood and agreed that the limitations in this Section 4(b) shall not apply to any
member of the Boards private discussions solely among other members of the Board and/or management of the Company, or in private discussions with JANA or any of its members, officers, directors or Representatives). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Companys obligations under this Section 4(b) shall terminate immediately if there is a breach by the JANA of any of its obligations under Section 4(a) above. 

(c) The limitations set forth in Sections 4(a) and 4(b) of this Agreement shall not prevent either party from responding to any
public statement made by the other party of the nature described in Sections 4(a) and 4(b) of this Agreement if such statement by the other party was made in breach of this Agreement. The limitations set forth in Sections 4(a)
and 4(b) of this Agreement shall not: (i) apply (A) in any compelled testimony or production of information, whether by legal process or subpoena or as part of a response to a request for information from any governmental or regulatory
authority with jurisdiction over the party from which information is sought, in each case, solely to the extent required, or (B) to any disclosure that such party reasonably believes, after consultation with outside counsel, to be legally
required by applicable law, rules or regulations; or (ii) prohibit any party from reporting what it reasonably believes, after consultation with outside counsel, to be violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental authority
pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act or the rules of the SEC promulgated under such Section 21F. 

5 

(d) During the Cooperation Period, JANA shall cause all Shares beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly, by it (including all Shares beneficially owned as of the respective record dates for any action by written consent, annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders of the Company and any adjournment, postponement, rescheduling or
continuation thereof, during the Cooperation Period (a Covered Meeting)) over which it exercises or has voting authority (i) in the case of a Covered Meeting, to be present in person or by proxy for quorum purposes, and
(ii) to be voted at such Covered Meetings or at any adjournments or postponements thereof or to deliver or withhold consents with respect to such actions by written consent, as applicable, (A) in favor of the following persons for election
as directors of the Company at such Covered Meeting and no other person(s): the Agreed Nominees, Corey E. Thomas, Michael J. Berry, Marc Brown, Judy Bruner, Ben Holzman, Ben Nye, Tom Schodorf, and Reeny Sondhi, (B) in accordance with the
Boards recommendations as set forth in the definitive proxy statement, consent solicitation statement or revocation solicitation statement filed by the Company with respect to any proposal, action or business (which, for the avoidance of
doubt, shall include voting in accordance with the Boards recommendations with respect to the election, removal and/or replacement of directors to the extent such recommendations are made in accordance with clause (A)) that may be the subject
of stockholder action at such Covered Meetings or pursuant to such action by written consent; provided, that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. (ISS)
or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) publish voting recommendations that differ from the Boards recommendation with respect to any proposal or action (other than the election of the persons named in clause (A)),
JANA shall be permitted to vote, or to deliver consents with respect to its Shares in accordance with the ISS or Glass Lewis recommendation; provided, further, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, with respect to (x) a proposal to
authorize or approve any tender offer, exchange offer, merger, acquisition, recapitalization or consolidation involving the Company or its securities or assets or (y) matters related to the implementation of takeover defenses, JANA may vote its
Shares in its sole discretion. 

(e) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit JANAs ability to communicate privately with
the Board or management of the Company on any matter or to privately request a waiver of any provision of this Agreement from the Company, provided that such actions are not intended to and would not reasonably be expected to require any
public disclosure. 

5. Public Announcement. 

(a) JANA and the Company shall announce this Agreement and the material terms hereof by means of a joint press release in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Press Release) as soon as practicable following execution of this Agreement (but in no event later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the first business day after the date of this Agreement). Prior to
the issuance of the Press Release, neither the Company nor JANA shall issue any press release or public announcement regarding this Agreement or take any action that would require public disclosure thereof without the prior written consent of the
other party; it being understood that nothing in this Agreement shall limit either JANAs or the Companys ability to make required regulatory filings (as reasonably determined by counsel, and as required by, without limitation, the
requirements of Sections 13 and 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) during such time. 

6 

(b) During the term of this Agreement, JANA shall not issue any press release relating to
this Agreement or the actions contemplated hereby that is inconsistent with or contrary to the Press Release. 

(c) The Company shall
promptly prepare and file a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting entry into this Agreement and appending or incorporating by reference this Agreement as an exhibit thereto (the Form 8-K). The Company shall provide JANA with reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Form 8-K prior to the filing thereof and shall consider in good faith
any changes proposed by JANA. JANA shall provide the Company with reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the amendment to its Schedule 13D reporting entry into this Agreement prior to the filing thereof and shall consider in good faith
any changes proposed by the Company. 

6. Affiliates and Associates. Each party shall instruct its controlled Affiliates and
Associates to comply with the terms of this Agreement and shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any such controlled Affiliate or Associate. A breach of this Agreement by a controlled Affiliate or Associate of a party, if such
controlled Affiliate or Associate is not a party to this Agreement, shall be deemed to occur if such controlled Affiliate or Associate engages in conduct that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if such controlled Affiliate or Associate was
a party to the same extent as a party to this Agreement. 

7. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) the terms Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and shall include all persons or entities that at any time prior to the termination of this
Agreement become Affiliates or Associates of any applicable person or entity referred to in this Agreement; provided, however, that, for purposes of this Agreement, (i) JANA shall not be an Affiliate or Associate of the Company, and
(ii) the Company shall not be an Affiliate or Associate of JANA; 

(b) the terms beneficial owner and
beneficially own shall have the respective meanings of such terms under or as used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act; 

(c) the terms person or persons shall mean any individual or any corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of
any kind or nature; and 

(d) the term Representatives shall mean, in reference to any person, such persons
controlled Affiliates and Associates and the respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, managers, consultants, legal or other advisors, agents and other representatives of such person and its Affiliates and Associates, in each
case acting in a capacity on behalf of, in concert with or at the direction of such person or its controlled Affiliates or Associates. 

7 

8. Notices. All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals and other
communications provided for herein and all legal process in regard hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed validly given, made or served, (a) when delivered by hand, with written confirmation of receipt; (b) upon sending if sent by
electronic mail to the electronic mail addresses below, with confirmation of receipt from the receiving party by electronic mail; (c) one business day after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier to the addresses set forth
below; or (d) when actually delivered if sent by any other method that results in delivery, with written confirmation of receipt: 

if to the
Company: 

Rapid7, Inc. 

120 Causeway Street, Suite 400

Boston, MA 02114 

Attention: Raisa Litmanovich, Senior Vice

President, General Counsel 

E-mail: raisa_litmanovich@rapid7.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

425 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017 

Attention: Anthony F. Vernace 

William J. Allen 

Email: avernace@stblaw.com 

william.allen@stblaw.com 

if to
JANA: 

JANA Partners Management, LP 

888 7th Avenue, 24th
Floor 

New York, New York 10106 

Attention: Jennifer Fanjiang

E-mail: legal@janapartners.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP 

919 Third Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention: Ele Klein 

Brandon Gold 

Daniel Goldstein

E-mail: Eleazer.Klein@srz.com 

Brandon.Gold@srz.com 

Daniel.Goldstein@srz.com 

8 

9. Specific Performance; Choice of Law; Forum. 

(a) This Agreement and any disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or
otherwise) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles of such state. Any action to enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement or relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court shall not have jurisdiction, any state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Each of the
parties hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware or other federal or state courts sitting in the State of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) agrees that it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court and (iii) agrees that it shall not bring any
action relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the federal or state courts of the State of Delaware. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue
of any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding (any of the foregoing, a Legal Proceeding) arising out of this Agreement in such courts, and further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any
such court that any such Legal Proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The parties agree that a final judgment in any such dispute shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suits on the
judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The parties agree that delivery of process or other papers in connection with any such Legal Proceeding in the manner provided in this Section 9 of this Agreement or in such
other manner as may be permitted by applicable law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. FURTHERMORE, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (A) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND (B) AGREES TO WAIVE ANY BONDING REQUIREMENT
UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW, IN THE CASE ANY OTHER PARTY SEEKS TO ENFORCE THE TERMS BY WAY OF EQUITABLE RELIEF. In the event that any action shall be brought in equity to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, no party shall allege, and each party
hereby waives the defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law. 

(b) Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the
other party would be irreparably injured by an actual breach of this Agreement by the first-mentioned party or its Representatives and that monetary remedies may be inadequate to protect either party against any actual or threatened breach or
continuation of any breach of this Agreement. In furtherance of this Agreement and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties under this Agreement, each party shall be entitled to seek equitable relief by
way of injunction or otherwise and specific performance of the provisions hereof upon satisfying the requirements to obtain such relief without the necessity of posting a bond or other security, if the other party or any of its Representatives
breaches or threatens to breach any provision of this Agreement. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for a breach of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to the non-breaching party. 

9 

10. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by any court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be of no force and effect, but the illegality or unenforceability of such provision shall have no effect upon the legality or enforceability of any other provision of
this Agreement. The parties further agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.

11. Termination. Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by each party, and except as otherwise provided for in
Section 3(c), this Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) on the date that is thirty (30) calendar days prior to the beginning of the Companys advance notice period for the nomination of directors
at the 2026 annual meeting of the Companys stockholders, and (ii) January 9, 2026 (the earlier of (i) and (ii), the Termination Date). Upon termination, this Agreement shall have no further force and effect.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Sections 7 through 17 of this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement; and (b) no termination of this Agreement shall relieve any party of liability for any breach of this
Agreement arising prior to such termination. 

12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute the same agreement and shall become a binding agreement when a counterpart has been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, thereby constituting the entire agreement
among the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof. Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile, PDF, jpeg, .gif, .bmp or other electronic file shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes and the exchange of copies
of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile transmission, PDF or other electronic file shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties. 

13. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not enforceable by any other
persons. No party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and any assignment in contravention hereof shall be null and void. 

14. No Waiver. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor
shall any single or partial waiver thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more
occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 

15. Entire Understanding. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
may be amended only by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto. 

16. Interpretation and Construction. Each of the
parties acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement and that it has executed the same with the advice of said counsel. Each party and its counsel
cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement and 

10 

the documents referred to herein, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the parties and may not be construed against any
party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is
expressly waived by each of the parties hereto. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or be deemed to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any
term or provision of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears, (i) the word including (in its various forms) means including, without limitation; (ii) the words hereunder,
hereof, hereto and words of similar import are references in this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iii) the word or is not exclusive; (iv) references to
Sections in this Agreement are references to Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated; and (v) whenever the context requires, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders. 

17. Expenses. Neither the Company, on one hand, nor JANA, on the other hand, shall be responsible for any fees or expenses (including
legal expenses) incurred by the other party in connection with this Agreement. 

[Signature pages follow] 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly
authorized signatories of the parties as of the date hereof. 

RAPID7, INC.

By: 

/s/ Corey E. Thomas

Name: Corey E. Thomas

Title: Chief Executive Officer

JANA PARTNERS MANAGEMENT, LP

By: 

/s/ Scott Ostfeld

Name: Scott Ostfeld 

Title: Managing Partner
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d920173dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Rapid7 Appoints Three New Board Members 

Company Enters into Cooperation Agreement with JANA Partners 

BOSTON, MA March 24, 2025 Rapid7, Inc. (NASDAQ: RPD), a leader in extended risk and threat detection, today announced that it will
appoint three new members to its Board of Directors: Wael Mohamed, Mike Burns and Kevin Galligan. These appointments will expand Rapid7s Board to comprise 11 directors. In addition, Rapid7 and JANA Partners Management, LP have entered
into a cooperation agreement, which, among other things, provides that JANA Partners will support all of Rapid7s director nominees at its upcoming annual shareholder meeting. 

Corey Thomas, Chairman and CEO of Rapid7, stated: Rapid7 is entering an exciting new chapter of growth, and we are confident that adding Wael, Mike and
Kevin to our Board will accelerate our ability to execute with greater speed, focus and impact. Each brings a wealth of expertise that will help us sharpen our strategy, strengthen execution and drive greater value creation for our
shareholders. 

Thomas continued, With a differentiated security data platform and an expanding security operations ecosystem, we are
delivering cutting-edge solutions in AI-driven threat detection and response, cloud security and exposure management empowering organizations to secure their environments more effectively and
efficiently. We are well-positioned within these markets to drive sustainable, profitable growth, and these strategic Board appointments reinforce our commitment to scaling our business, enhancing operational efficiency, and driving long-term
shareholder returns. 

Scott Ostfeld, Managing Partner of JANA Partners, added: We are encouraged by the steps Rapid7 is taking to enhance its
leadership and execution capabilities. We have appreciated our highly constructive dialogue with Rapid7 and look forward to working with management and the Board to capitalize on the significant opportunities ahead and to maximize value for
shareholders. 

A copy of the cooperation agreement will be included as an exhibit to the companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Advisors 

J.P. Morgan is serving as financial advisor, and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP is serving as legal advisor, to Rapid7 in connection with the
cooperation agreement. 

About Wael Mohamed 

Wael
Mohamed has a unique combination of cybersecurity, digital transformation, and executive leadership expertise, which has enabled him to be a go-to advisor for boards and executives for more than 30 years.
Mr. Mohamed is the co-founder and Managing General Partner of Global Forward Capital. Prior to that, Mr. Mohamed was an Operating Partner at Advent International and became the CEO of Forescout, an
Advent International portfolio company. He previously served as President & COO and board member of Trend Micro Group. Mr. Mohamed received a Bachelor of Computer Science from Dalhousie University and the Executive Corporate Director
Certificate from Harvard Business School. 

About Mike Burns 

Mike Burns has more than 25 years of senior leadership experience in finance and operations with high-growth public technology companies. Most
recently, Mr. Burns served as Chief Financial Officer of Imperva, Inc. Previously he served as CFO of Gigamon as well as CFO of Volterra Semiconductor. Earlier in his career, Mr. Burns held senior finance roles at Intel Corporation. He
earned his A.B. in Economics and M.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University, and his MBA from the UC Berkeley Haas School of Business. 

About Kevin Galligan 

Kevin Galligan has 18 years of
experience investing in companies and driving shareholder value. He is a Partner and Director of Research at JANA Partners, an investment firm specializing in enhancing shareholder value. Mr. Galligan joined JANA Partners in 2011 from Kohlberg
Kravis Roberts & Company where he was a Principal in the North American Private Equity Group. Prior to that, he worked in the Mergers & Acquisitions Advisory Division of The Blackstone Group. Mr. Galligan holds a B.A. in
Economics from Columbia University. 

About Rapid7 

Rapid7 (Nasdaq: RPD) is on a mission to create a safer digital world by making cybersecurity simpler and more accessible. We empower security professionals to
manage a modern attack surface through our best-in-class technology, leading-edge research, and broad, strategic expertise. Rapid7s comprehensive security
solutions help more than 11,000 global customers unite cloud risk management and threat detection to reduce attack surfaces and eliminate threats with speed and precision. For more information, visit our website, check out our blog, or follow us on
LinkedIn or X. 

Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, the statements regarding the appointment of Wael Mohamed, Michael Burns, and Kevin Galligan, and the experiences and value that they will bring to the Board and Rapid7, Inc. (Rapid7). Our use
of the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The events
described in our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. Risks that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, growing macroeconomic uncertainty, unstable market and economic conditions, fluctuations in our quarterly results,
our ability to successfully grow our sales of our cloud-based solutions, including through the shift to a consolidated platform sales approach, effectiveness of our restructuring plan that was completed during fiscal year 2024, failure to meet our
publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, our ability to sustain our revenue growth rate, the ability of our products and professional services to correctly detect vulnerabilities, renewal of our customers
subscriptions, competition in the markets in which we operate, market growth, our ability to innovate and manage our growth, our sales cycles, our ability to integrate acquired companies, exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, and our
ability to operate in compliance with applicable laws as well as other risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and results described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including our most
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on 

February 28, 2025, particularly in the section entitled Item 1.A Risk Factors, and in the subsequent reports that we file with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we may make. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of such statements. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 

Additional Information 

Rapid7 intends to file a proxy
statement, together with a proxy card, with the SEC in connection with its solicitation of proxies for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). Rapid7 stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement, together
with the proxy card, and other relevant documents filed or to be filed with the SEC when they become available because they contain or will contain important information. Investors will be able to get copies of the proxy statement and other
documents (including the proxy card) filled with the SEC by Rapid7 for free at the SECs website, www.sec.gov. Copies of those documents will also be available free of charge through the Investors section of Rapid7s website,
under Financials/SEC Filings, at www.rapid7.com. 

Participants in the Solicitation 

Rapid7, members of our Board of Directors and certain of our executive officers are participants in the solicitation of proxies from the
Companys stockholders in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting. Information regarding the Companys Board of Directors and executive officers and their respective interests in the Company, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth
in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2025. To the extent such ownership interests have changed since such
filings, such changes have been reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC, and will be reflected in the Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting when filed with the SEC. Security holders may obtain free copies of
these documents as described above. 

Investor contact: 

Elizabeth Chwalk 

Vice President, Investor Relations 

investors@rapid7.com

(617)
865-4277

Press contact: 

Alice Randall 

Director, Global Corporate Communications 

press@rapid7.com

(214)
693-4727
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rpd-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rpd-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rpd-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001560327

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Rapid7, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37496

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2423994

Entity Address, Address Line One 120 Causeway Street

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02114

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 247-1717

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol RPD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250321/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d920173d8k.htm 
rpd-20250321.xsd 
rpd-20250321_lab.xml 
rpd-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-060853-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d920173d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001560327 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

false 
0001560327 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
Rapid7, Inc. 
DE 
001-37496 
35-2423994 
120 Causeway Street 
Boston 
MA 
02114 
(617) 
247-1717 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
RPD 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>