<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-047732.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-047732.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306060519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-047732
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001029142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				330728374
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34207
		FILM NUMBER:		25713507

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 POWELL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 720
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5108485100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 POWELL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 720
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d932746d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPfalse000102914200010291422025-03-052025-03-050001029142us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-052025-03-050001029142us-gaap:PreferredStockMember2025-03-052025-03-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

Dynavax Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-34207 33-0728374

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2100 Powell Street, Suite 720 

Emeryville, California 94608

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 510848-5100

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value DVAX Nasdaq Global Select Market

Preferred Share Purchase Rights N/A Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 5, 2025, Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the Company) entered into privately negotiated exchange and subscription agreements (the Exchange and Subscription Agreements) with certain holders of its outstanding 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) and certain new investors, pursuant to which the Company will issue $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the New Notes). The Company will issue approximately $185.3 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes and pay cash in the amount of approximately $82.5 million, representing the premium and accrued and unpaid interest on the 2026 Notes, (the Cash Payment) in exchange for approximately $185.3 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes (the Exchange Transactions). The Company will also issue approximately $39.7 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes for cash (the Subscription Transactions and together with the Exchange Transactions, the Transactions). Following the closing of the Transactions, which is expected to occur on or about March 13, 2025 (the Closing Date), subject to customary closing conditions, approximately $40.2 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes will remain outstanding with terms unchanged, in addition to $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes. 

The Company will not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Transactions. The Company estimates that the gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions will be approximately $39.7 million. The Company expects to use the gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions, together with the net proceeds from the Unwind Transactions described below and cash on hand, to make the Cash Payment described above and the Share Repurchases (as defined below). 

The New Notes will be issued pursuant to, and governed by, an indenture (the New Notes Indenture), to be dated as of the Closing Date, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). When issued pursuant to the New Notes Indenture, the New Notes will bear interest from March 13, 2025 at a rate of 2.00% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The New Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. 

Holders may convert all or any portion of their New Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock (the common stock) for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of the New Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such New Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date but only with respect to the New Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after December 15, 2029 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their New Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

The conversion rate will initially be 54.9058 shares of the common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the New Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of $18.21 per share of the common stock, which reflects a conversion premium of 30% to the last reported sale price of the common stock on March 5, 2025). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its New Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its New Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period (as defined in the New Notes Indenture), as the case may be. 

The Company may not redeem the New Notes prior to March 20, 2028. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the New Notes (subject to the partial redemption limitation described in the New Notes Indenture), at its option, on or after March 20, 2028 and prior to the 26th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of the common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides a notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the New Notes. 

If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the New Notes Indenture), subject to certain conditions and except as set forth in the New Notes Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their New Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 

The New Notes Indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default. The following events are considered events of default with respect to the New Notes, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the New Notes: (1) the Company defaults in any payment of interest on any New Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; (2) the Company defaults in the payment of principal of any New Note when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; (3) failure by the Company to comply with the Companys obligation to convert the New Notes in accordance with the New Notes Indenture upon exercise of a holders conversion right and such failure continues for three (3) business days; (4) failure by the Company to give a fundamental change notice, notice of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) or notice of a specified corporate transaction, in each case when due and such failure continues for one (1) business day; (5) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under the New Notes Indenture with respect to consolidation, merger and sale of the Companys assets; (6) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the New Notes then outstanding has been received to comply with any of the Companys other agreements contained in the New Notes or Indenture; (7) the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) defaults with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $35.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such significant subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and, in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived or such indebtedness shall not have been paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of New Notes then outstanding in accordance with the New Notes Indenture; (8) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $35.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries, which judgment is not discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; or (9) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. 

If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default occur with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all of the then outstanding New Notes shall automatically become due and payable. If an event of default other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding New Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all of the then outstanding New Notes to be due and payable. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the New Notes Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the New Notes Indenture will, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right of holders to receive additional interest on the New Notes. 

The New Notes Indenture will provide that the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to, another person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries) unless: (1) the resulting, surviving or transferee person (if not the Company) shall be a qualified successor entity (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) (such qualified successor entity, the successor company) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and such successor company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the Companys obligations under the New Notes and the New Notes Indenture; and (2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the New Notes Indenture. 

The New Notes will be the Companys general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the New Notes, equal in right of payment with all of the Companys existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, including the 2026 Notes, effectively junior to any of the Companys secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Companys existing or future subsidiaries. 

The New Notes will be issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company is relying on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the investors in the New Notes in the Exchange and Subscription Agreements. 

Separately, the Company entered or will enter into agreements with certain financial institutions party to the Companys existing capped call transactions entered into in connection with the 2026 Notes (the Existing Capped Call Counterparties and the Existing Capped Call Transactions, respectively) to terminate certain portions of the Existing Capped Call Transactions up to the notional amounts corresponding to the amount of 2026 Notes being exchanged in the Transactions (such terminations, the Unwind Transactions). 

In connection with the Transactions, the Company repurchased approximately $8 million of shares of common stock, using gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions, net proceeds from the Unwind Transactions, or from cash on hand in privately negotiated transactions with certain purchases of the New Notes through a financial intermediary at a price per share of $14.01, which is the last reported sale price of the common stock on March 5, 2025 (the Share Repurchases) in order to facilitate the Transactions. 

A copy of the Form of Exchange and Subscription Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing description of the Form of Exchange and Subscription Agreement, including the exchange ratio of the 2030 Notes for 2026 Notes and the related cash payment in the Exchange Transactions, is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale of the securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into herein by reference. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

The Information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Any shares of the common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the New Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 16,059,937 shares of the common stock may be issued upon conversion of the New Notes based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 71.3775 shares of the common stock per $1,000 principal amount of New Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as could, estimate, expect, intend, may, will, would and similar expressions, or the negatives thereof, or they may use future dates. Forward-looking statements made in this report include statements regarding expected closing and the anticipated use of gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions and the Unwind Transactions, expectation of unwinding various derivative transactions and termination of certain portions of the existing capped call transactions and share repurchases. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this report due to the assumptions, uncertainties, risks and factors that are beyond the Companys control including, without limitation: market risks, trends and conditions, as well as other risks detailed in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and periodic filings made thereafter, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties and other important factors in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and we undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Form of Exchange and Subscription Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation

Date: March 5, 2025 By: 

/s/ Kelly MacDonald

Kelly MacDonald

Senior Vice President, CFO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d932746dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

March 5, 2025 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation 

2100 Powell Street, Suite 720 

Emeryville, California 94608 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

Re: 

Exchange and/or Subscription for Dynavax Technologies Corporation Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Dynavax
Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company), is offering a new series of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the New Notes). The New Notes will be convertible into cash, shares
(Underlying Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (Stock), or a combination of cash and Underlying Shares, at the Companys election, in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture (as defined below). 

The undersigned (the Investor), for itself and, on behalf of the accounts (if any) listed on Exhibit
A hereto, (x) in the case of the Exchange (as defined below), for whom the Investor has been duly authorized to enter into the Exchange (each, including the Investor if it is listed on Exhibit A, an Exchanging
Holder) and (y) in the case of the Subscription (as defined below), for whom the Investor has been duly authorized to enter into the Subscription (each, including the Investor if it is listed on Exhibit A, a
Subscriber), may: 

(1) exchange 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (CUSIP 268158 AD4 and ISIN: US268158AD40) of the
Company (the Old Notes) for the Exchange Consideration (as defined below) determined as set forth herein (the Exchange); and/or 

(2) subscribe for and purchase from the Company New Notes for cash (the Subscription and, the Exchange and/or the
Subscription, as applicable, the Notes Transactions), 

in each case, pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
agreement (the Exchange/Subscription Agreement or this Agreement). 

The Exchanging Holders and the
Subscribers (including the Investor, as applicable) are referred to collectively as the Purchasers, and each Purchaser (other than the Investor) is referred to herein as an Account. 

The Investor hereby confirms that this Agreement relates to participation by the Purchasers, taken together, in the: 

Exchange only Subscription only Exchange and Subscription 

The Investor and each Account understands that the Notes Transactions are being made without registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any securities laws of any state of the United States or of any other jurisdiction, and that the Notes Transactions are only being made to investors who are institutional
accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act) that are also qualified institutional buyers (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance upon an
exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Notes Transactions are described in, and will be made pursuant to, the Indenture 

relating to the New Notes (theIndenture) to be entered into as of the Closing Date (as defined below) between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Trustee (the New NotesTrustee), substantially in the form of the draft Indenture provided to Investor, as supplemented by the Pricing Term Sheet, dated as of the date hereof (the Pricing Term
Sheet and, together with the Indenture, the Transaction Documents). 

In connection with the issuance of the New Notes, the
Company expects to enter into one or more agreements with one or more financial institutions to terminate a portion of the existing capped call transactions in a notional amount corresponding to the amount of Old Notes exchanged (each, an
Unwind Transaction and collectively, the Unwind Transactions). 

1. 

The Exchange. If the Investor and/or any other Exchanging Holders are participating in the Exchange,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement, the Investor and the other Exchanging Holders hereby deliver, assign and transfer to the Company all right, title and interest in the aggregate principal amount of Old
Notes set forth in column 2 of Exhibit A hereto (such principal amount of Old Notes, the Exchanged Old Notes) in exchange for (i) New Notes having an aggregate principal amount, for each Exchanging Holder, equal to the
aggregate principal amount of Exchanged Old Notes for such Exchanging Holder, as set forth in column 3 of Exhibit A (such aggregate principal amount of New Notes, the Exchanged New Notes), (ii) an amount of cash as set
forth in column 4 of Exhibit A (such aggregate amount of cash, the Cash Payment), and (iii) an amount of cash as set forth in column 5 of Exhibit A, equal to the accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the
Exchanging Holders Old Notes from, and including, the most recent date on which interest thereon was paid, through but excluding, March 13, 2025 (together with the Exchanged New Notes and the Cash Payment, the Exchange
Consideration and together with the Cash Payment, the Cash Consideration) and the Company agrees to issue such Exchanged New Notes to the Exchanging Holders in exchange for such Exchanged Old Notes. For the avoidance of
doubt, Exchanged New Notes will be issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement, the Investor, on behalf of itself and each Exchanging
Holder, hereby (a) waives any and all other rights with respect to such Exchanged Old Notes, and (b) releases and discharges the Company from any and all claims the Investor and each Exchanging Holder may now have, or may have in the
future, arising out of, or related to, such Exchanged Old Notes. 

2. 

The Subscription. If the Investor and/or any other Subscriber is participating in the Subscription,
subject to the terms and conditions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement, the Investor hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Investor and/or any such Account, New Notes (the
Purchased New Notes) having an aggregate principal amount as set forth in column 7 of Exhibit A hereto, for an aggregate purchase price in cash in respect of such Purchased New Notes as set forth in column 8 of Exhibit
A (such aggregate cash purchase price, the Cash Purchase Price). For the avoidance of doubt, such Cash Purchase Price shall not be adjusted for accrued interest if the Closing (as defined below) occurs after March 13,
2025. 

3. 

The Closing. The closing of the Notes Transactions (the Closing) shall take place
electronically at 10:00 AM, New York City time, on March 13, 2025, or at such other time and place as the Company may designate by notice to the Investor (the Closing Date); provided that the Closing Date cannot be later than
March 20, 2025 without the prior written consent of the Investor. 

2 

4. 

Closing Mechanics. 

a. 

The Depository Trust Company (DTC) will act as securities depositary for the New Notes.

b. 

At or prior to the times set forth in the Exchange/Subscription Procedures set forth in Exhibit B hereto
(the Exchange/Subscription Procedures), the Investor, on behalf of itself and/or any other Account, shall: 

(i) 

if participating in the Exchange only, deliver and/or cause the Exchanging Holders to deliver the Exchanged Old
Notes, by book entry transfer through the facilities of DTC, to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as trustee of the Old Notes (in such capacity, the Old Notes Trustee), for the account/benefit of the
Company for cancellation as instructed in the Exchange/Subscription Procedures; 

(ii) 

if participating in the Subscription only, transfer the Cash Purchase Price (column 8 of Exhibit A) by wire in
immediately available funds to the account of the Company designated in the Exchange/Subscription Procedures; and 

(iii) 

if participating in both the Exchange and the Subscription: 

A. 

deliver and/or cause the Exchanging Holders to deliver the Exchanged Old Notes, by book entry transfer through
the facilities of DTC, to the Old Notes Trustee, for the account/benefit of the Company for cancellation as instructed in the Exchange/Subscription Procedures; 

B. 

calculate the net amount of cash payable to the Investor, if any (column 9 of Exhibit A, the Net
Amount to Be Wired), which is an amount equal to the Cash Consideration (column 6 of Exhibit A), minus the Cash Purchase Price (as set forth in Column 8 of Exhibit A); and 

C. 

if the Net Amount to Be Wired is a negative number, transfer the absolute value of the Net Amount to Be Wired
(column 9 of Exhibit A) by wire in immediately available funds to the account of the Company designated in the Exchange/Subscription Procedures. 

c. 

On the Closing Date, subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified in
Section 7 hereof, and (1) the prior receipt by the Old Notes Trustee from each Exchanging Holder of the Exchanged Old Notes, if the Investor and/or any other Exchanging Holder is participating in the Exchange only
pursuant to clause (b)(i) above, (2) the prior receipt by the Company of the Cash Purchase Price from the Investor on behalf of each Subscriber, if such Subscriber is participating in the Subscription only pursuant to clause
(b)(ii) above, and (3) (x) the prior receipt by the Old Notes Trustee from each Purchaser of the Exchanged Old Notes to be submitted for exchange by such Purchaser and (y) if the Net Amount to be Wired is a negative number, the prior
receipt by the Company of the absolute value of the Net Amount to Be Wired (column 9 of Exhibit A) from such Purchaser if such Purchaser is participating in both the Exchange and the Subscription pursuant to clause (b)(iii)(C) above:

(i) 

the Company shall execute and deliver the Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Company and the
New Notes Trustee; and 

(ii) 

the Company shall (A) execute, cause the New Notes Trustee to authenticate and cause to be delivered to
the DTC account(s) specified by the Investor or the relevant Account in Exhibit C hereto, the Exchanged New Notes (if the Investor and/or any Exchanging Holder is participating in the Exchange) and/or the Purchased New Notes (if the Investor
and/or any Subscriber is participating in the Subscription), as the case may be, and (B) (x) if the Investor and/or any Exchanging Holder is participating in 

3 

the Exchange only, pay the Cash Consideration and, (y) if the Investor and/or any Exchanging Holder is participating in the Exchange and the Subscription, so long as the Net Amount to Be
Wired is a positive number, in each case, by wire in immediately available funds to the account of the Investor and/or any Exchanging Holder in accordance with the settlement instructions for each Investor and/or any Exchanging Holder to the Company
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. 

All questions as to the form of all documents and the validity and
acceptance of the Old Notes and the New Notes will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and binding. 

5. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor (and
each Account, as applicable) that: 

a. 

Organization. The Company is duly organized and is validly existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. 

b. 

Due Authorization. This Exchange/Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company. 

c. 

New Notes. The New Notes have been duly authorized by the Company and, when duly executed by the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, assuming due authentication of the New Notes by the New Notes Trustee, upon delivery to the Investors in accordance with the terms of the Exchange and/or Subscription, as applicable, will be validly
issued and delivered and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law) (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions). The maximum number of Underlying Shares initially issuable upon conversion of the New Notes (assuming settlement in shares of Stock to the maximum
extent permitted by the Indenture and taking into account the maximum make-whole adjustment under the Indenture) have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for by the Company and, when issued upon conversion of the New Notes in accordance
with the terms of the New Notes and the Indenture, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance of any Underlying Shares will not be subject to any preemptive, participation, rights
of first refusal or similar rights. At or prior to the Closing, a notice for the listing of additional shares covering the Underlying Shares shall have been submitted to the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

d. 

Indenture. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to perform its obligations under
the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company, and will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company on or prior to the Closing. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the New Notes Trustee thereto, the
Indenture, upon execution and delivery thereof by the Company, will constitute the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

e. 

Exemption from Registration. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor
and each other investor executing an Exchange/Subscription Agreement, (1) each of the issuance of the Exchanged New Notes in connection with the Exchange and/or the issuance of the Purchased New Notes in connection with the Subscription, as the
case may be, pursuant to this Exchange/Subscription Agreement is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; and (2) the Indenture is not required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

4 

f. 

New Class. The New Notes, when issued, will not be of the same class as securities listed on a national
securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or quoted in a U.S. automated inter-dealer quotation system, within the meaning of Rule 144A(d)(3)(i) under the
Securities Act. 

g. 

No Conflicts. The issuance of the New Notes pursuant to the Exchange/Subscription Agreements, the
execution, delivery and performance, as applicable, by the Company of its obligations under the New Notes, the Indenture and each Exchange/Subscription Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not
(i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, impose any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries, or constitute a default under, any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, license, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws or similar organizational document of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or (iii) result in any violation of any statute or any judgment, order, decree, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or federal, state, local or foreign governmental agency or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the
properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties or assets, except, with respect to clauses (i) and (iii), conflicts, breaches, violations, impositions or defaults that would not reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity, properties or business of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or a material adverse effect on the performance by the
Company of its obligations under any Exchange/Subscription Agreement, the Indenture relating to the Old Notes, the Indenture or the New Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

h. 

Unwind Transactions. The Unwind Transactions have been duly authorized by the Company.

i. 

Solvency. On each of the date hereof and immediately after giving effect to the Exchange on the Closing
Date, (A) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the total assets of Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable total liabilities (including contingent
liabilities) of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole as they mature and become absolute, (B) the capital of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole is adequate to conduct its business and to enter into the Exchange,
(C) the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole has the ability to pay its debts and obligations as such debts mature, and (D) the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole is not insolvent (as such term is defined
under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code)). 

j. 

Exchange. The Company acknowledges that the terms of the Notes Transactions have been mutually
negotiated between the parties. 

5 

6. 

Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents and warrants to and
covenants with the Company, on behalf of itself and each Account, as applicable, that: 

a. 

The Investor is a corporation, limited partnership, limited liability company or other entity, as the case may
be, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, as applicable. 

b. 

If the Investor is participating in the Exchange, the Investor has all requisite corporate, limited
partnership, limited liability company or other applicable entity power and authority to deliver, assign and transfer the Exchanged Old Notes in exchange for the Exchanged New Notes pursuant to this Agreement and to enter into this
Exchange/Subscription Agreement and perform all obligations required to be performed by the Investor hereunder. This Agreement, when executed and delivered, has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Investor and constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Investor and each Account, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. If the Investor is executing this Exchange/Subscription Agreement on
behalf of an Account, (i) the Investor has all requisite discretionary and contractual authority to enter into this Exchange/Subscription Agreement on behalf of, and, bind, each Account to the terms of this Agreement, (ii) Exhibit A
hereto is a true, correct and complete list of (A) the name of each Exchanging Holder and (B) the principal amount of each Exchanging Holders Exchanged Old Notes and (iii) Exhibit A hereto is a true, correct and complete list
of the name of each Subscriber and the aggregate principal amount of Purchased New Notes each such Subscriber agrees to purchase hereunder. 

c. 

Each Exchanging Holder participating in the Exchange is the current beneficial owner of the Exchanged Old
Notes. When the Exchanged Old Notes are exchanged, the Company will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges, encumbrances, adverse claims, rights or proxies. 

d. 

Participation in the Notes Transactions will not contravene (1) any law, rule, regulation or governmental
or judicial decrees, injunctions or orders binding on the Investor or any Account or any investment guideline or restriction applicable to the Investor (or, if applicable, any Account), (2) the charter or bylaws (or equivalent organizational
documents) of the Investor (or, if applicable, any Account) or (3) any agreement or instrument to which the Investor or any Account is a party or by which the Investor or any Account or any of their respective assets are bound.

e. 

The Investor (or applicable Account) is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth in Exhibit C and,
unless otherwise set out in Exhibit A hereto, is not acquiring the Exchanged New Notes or the Purchased New Notes as a nominee or agent or otherwise for any other person. 

f. 

The Investor and each Account will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in effect in any
jurisdiction in which the Investor or such Account purchases or acquires pursuant to the Exchange or Subscription, as the case may be, or sells New Notes and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for such purchases, acquisitions
or sales under the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction to which the Investor or such Account is subject or in which the Investor or such Account makes such purchases, acquisitions or sales, and the Company shall not have any responsibility
therefor. 

g. 

The Investor and each Account has received a copy of the Transaction Documents. The Investor acknowledges that:
(1) no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation concerning the Notes Transactions or the Company or any of 

6 

its subsidiaries, other than as contained in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents or in the information given by the Companys duly authorized officers and employees in connection
with the Investors examination of the Company and its subsidiaries and the terms of the Notes Transactions; and (2) the Company and its subsidiaries do not take any responsibility for, and cannot provide any assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that may have been provided to the Investor. The Investor hereby acknowledges that J. Wood Capital Advisors LLC (the Placement Agent) does not take any responsibility for, and can provide no
assurance as to the reliability of, the information set forth in the Transaction Documents or any such other information provided or deemed provided to the Investor or any Account by the Company. 

h. 

The Investor and each Account understands and accepts that acquiring the New Notes in the Notes Transactions
involves risks. The Investor and each Account has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial and investment matters that the Investor and each Account is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Notes Transactions and an
investment in the New Notes. With the assistance of its own professional advisors (to the extent the Investor and each Account has deemed appropriate), the Investor and each Account has made its own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of
the merits and risks of an investment in the New Notes and the consequences of the Notes Transactions and this Agreement. The Investor and each Account has considered the suitability of the New Notes as an investment in light of its own
circumstances and financial condition, and the Investor is and each Account is able to bear the risks associated with an investment in the New Notes. The Investor and each Account understands that it should consult with its own tax advisors in order
to determine the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of the Exchange (if participating in the Exchange) as well as the ownership, disposition or conversion of the New Notes or Underlying
Shares, in light of the Investors and each Accounts particular circumstances. 

i. 

The Investor confirms that neither it nor any Account is relying on any communication (written or oral) of the
Company or the Placement Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates as investment advice or as a recommendation to participate in the Notes Transactions and receive the Exchange Consideration pursuant to the terms hereof. The Investor
confirms that it has read the Indenture relating to the New Notes and has not relied on any statement (written or oral) of the Company, the Placement Agent or any of their respective affiliates as to the terms of the New Notes. It is understood that
information provided in the Transaction Documents, or by the Company or the Placement Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates, shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation with respect to the Notes Transactions, and
that none of the Company, the Placement Agent or any of their respective agents or affiliates is acting or has acted as an advisor to the Investor or any Account in deciding whether to participate in the Notes Transactions. 

j. 

The Investor confirms, for itself and for each Account, that neither the Company nor the Placement Agent has
(1) given any guarantee or representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of an investment in the New Notes; or (2) made any representation to the
Investor regarding the legality of an investment in the New Notes under applicable investment guidelines, laws or regulations. In deciding to participate in the Notes Transactions, neither the Investor nor any Account is relying on the advice or
recommendations of the Company or the Placement Agent, and the Investor and each Account has made its own independent decision that the investment in the New Notes is suitable and appropriate for the Investor or such Account. 

7 

k. 

The Investor and each Account is a sophisticated participant in the transactions contemplated hereby and has
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the New Notes, is experienced in investing in capital markets and is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the New Notes. The Investor and each Account is familiar with the business and financial condition and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and has conducted its own investigation of the Company and its subsidiaries and the
New Notes and has consulted with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor and each Account has had access to
the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and such other information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries and the New Notes as it deems necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision concerning the
Notes Transactions. The Investor and each Account has been offered the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its representatives and has received answers thereto as the Investor or such Account deems necessary to enable it to make an
informed investment decision concerning the Notes Transactions and the New Notes. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor, such Account or their advisors, or its representatives shall modify,
amend or affect such Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. 

l. 

The Investor and each Account understands that no federal, state, local or foreign agency has passed upon the
merits or risks of an investment in the New Notes or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of such investment. 

m. 

The Investor and each Account is an institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of
Regulation D under the Securities Act as well as a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Investor, for itself and on behalf of each Account, agrees to furnish any additional information
reasonably requested by the Company or any of its affiliates to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the Notes Transactions. 

n. 

The Investor and each Account is not directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controlling or
controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, the Company and is not, and has not been for the immediately preceding three months, an affiliate (within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Company.

o. 

The Investor and each Account is acquiring the New Notes solely for the Investors or such Accounts
own beneficial account, or for an account with respect to which the Investor or such Account exercises sole investment discretion, for investment purposes, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution of the New Notes.
The Investor and each Account understands that the offer and sale of the New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof that depend in part upon
the investment intent of the Investor or each Account and the accuracy of the other representations made by the Investor and each Account in this Agreement. 

p. 

The Investor and each Account understands that the Company is relying upon the representations and agreements
contained in this Agreement (and any supplemental information) for the purpose of determining whether the Investors and such Accounts participation in the Notes Transactions meets the requirements for the exemptions referenced in
clause(o) above. In addition, the Investor and each Account acknowledges and agrees that any hedging transactions engaged in by the Investor or such Account after such Investor or Account was wall crossed and prior
to the Closing in connection with the issuance and sale of the New Notes have been and will be conducted in compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

8 

q. 

The Investor and each Account acknowledges that neither the New Notes nor the Underlying Shares have been
registered under the Securities Act. As a result, the New Notes, and if converted to Underlying Shares, the Underlying Shares, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act as described in the Indenture (including, but not limited to, the Restrictive Notes Legend (as defined in the Indenture) and
Section 2.05 of the Indenture), and the Investor, for itself and on behalf of each Account, hereby agrees that neither it nor any Account will sell the New Notes nor the Underlying Shares other than in compliance with such transfer
restrictions. Further, the Investor and each Account acknowledges that (1) the New Notes and, if converted to the Underlying Shares, the Underlying Shares, will carry a restrictive legend and (2) the New Notes and, if converted to the
Underlying Shares, the Underlying Shares will be designated with a restricted CUSIP number, in each case until such time as the restrictive legend can be removed in the Companys reasonable judgment or as otherwise required by the Indenture.

r. 

The Investor and each Account acknowledges that the terms of the Notes Transactions have been mutually
negotiated between the Investor (for itself and on behalf of each Account), and the Company. The Investor was given a meaningful opportunity to negotiate the terms of the Notes Transactions on behalf of itself and each Account.

s. 

The Investor and each Account acknowledges the Company intends to pay an advisory fee to the Placement Agent.

t. 

The Investor will, for itself and on behalf of each Account, upon request, execute and deliver any additional
documents, information or certifications reasonably requested by the Company, the Old Notes Trustee or the New Notes Trustee to complete the Notes Transactions. 

u. 

The Investor and each Account understands that, unless the Investor notifies the Company in writing to the
contrary prior to the Closing, each of the Investors representations and warranties contained in this Agreement will be deemed to have been reaffirmed and confirmed as of the Closing, taking into account all information received by the
Investor. 

v. 

The participation in the Notes Transactions by any Exchanging Holder was not conditioned by the Company on such
Exchanging Holders exchange of a minimum principal amount of Exchanged Old Notes. No Subscribers participation in the Notes Transactions was conditioned upon a minimum aggregate principal amount of New Notes issued for cash in the
Subscription. 

w. 

The Investor acknowledges that it and each Account had a sufficient amount of time to consider whether to
participate in the Notes Transactions and that neither the Company nor the Placement Agent has placed any pressure on the Investor or any Account to respond to the opportunity to participate in the Notes Transactions. The Investor acknowledges that
neither it nor any Account became aware of the Notes Transactions through any form of general solicitation or advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act. 

x. 

The operations of the Investor and each Account have been conducted in material compliance with the rules and
regulations administered or conducted by the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the rules and regulations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the Anti-Money
Laundering (AML) rules in the Bank Secrecy Act applicable to the Investor. The Investor has performed due diligence necessary to reasonably determine that its (or, where applicable,

9 

any Accounts) beneficial owners are not named on the lists of denied parties or blocked persons administered by OFAC, resident in or organized under the laws of a country that is the
subject of comprehensive economic sanctions and embargoes administered or conducted by OFAC (Sanctions), are not otherwise the subject of Sanctions and have not been found to be in violation or under suspicion of violating OFAC,
FCPA or AML rules and regulations. 

y. 

The Investor and each Account acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent has not acted as a financial
advisor or fiduciary to the Investor or such Account and that the Placement Agent and its respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and controlling persons have no responsibility for making, and have not made, any independent
investigation of the information contained herein or in the Companys Securities and Exchange Commission filings and make no representation or warranty to the Investor or such Account, express or implied, with respect to the Company or the
Notes Transactions or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the information provided to the Investor or the Account or any other publicly available information, nor will any of the foregoing persons be liable for any loss or damages of any kind
resulting from the use of the information contained therein or otherwise supplied to the Investor or such Account. 

z. 

The Investor and each Account acknowledges and agrees that no public market exists for the New Notes and that
there is no assurance that a public market will ever develop for the New Notes. 

7. 

Conditions to Obligations of the Investor and the Company. The obligations of the Investor to deliver,
or to cause the Accounts to deliver, the Exchanged Old Notes (if applicable) and the Cash Purchase Price (if applicable) and of the Company to deliver the Exchange Consideration are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the
condition precedent that the representations and warranties of the Company on the one hand, and of the Investor on the other contained in Sections 5 and 6, respectively, shall be true and correct as of the Closing in all
material respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made as of the Closing. 

8. 

Covenant and Acknowledgment of the Company. The Company hereby agrees to publicly disclose at or prior
to 9:00 a.m., New York City time (the Release Time), on the first business day after the date hereof, the Notes Transactions as contemplated by this Exchange/Subscription Agreement in a press release or through the filing of a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that as of the Release Time the Company will disclose all confidential information to the extent the Company believes such confidential
information constitutes material non-public information, if any, with respect to the Notes Transactions, or that was otherwise communicated by the Company to the Investor or any Account in connection with the
foregoing transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may be aware of material non-public information regarding the Company at the time of Closing that has not been communicated to the Investor or
any Account. The Company will, no later than the first business day following the Closing, file a Current Report on Form 8-K publicly disclosing the closing of the Notes Transactions as contemplated by this
Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

9. 

Covenant of the Investor. No later than one (1) business day after the date hereof, the Investor
agrees to deliver settlement instructions for each Purchaser to the Company substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. 

10. 

Waiver, Amendment. Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof shall be modified, changed,
discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought. 

10 

11. 

Assignability. Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder
or by reason hereof shall be assignable by the Company or the Investor without the prior written consent of the other party. 

12. 

Withholding. The Company and its agents shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts
payable or deliverable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required (as determined in good faith by the applicable withholding agent) to be deducted or withheld under applicable law. To the extent any amounts are withheld and remitted to
the appropriate taxing authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, due to the failure or inability of an Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) to comply with the obligations set forth in Section 13), such amounts shall
be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid or delivered to the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) to whom such amounts otherwise would have been paid or delivered. The Investor (or Account(s) of such
Investor, if applicable) further acknowledges that any Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) may be subject to U.S. federal withholding or backup withholding (currently at rates of 30% and 24%, respectively) on certain payments or
deliveries made to such Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) unless such Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) properly establishes an exemption from, or a reduced rate of, such withholding or backup
withholding. 

13. 

Required Tax Forms and Certifications. The Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable)
shall deliver to the Company, at least one (1) business day prior to the Closing, an accurately completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9 or IRS Form W-8BEN,W-8BEN-EW-8ECI,W-8IMY, or other applicable IRS Form
W-8, as applicable (or any successor form), together with any required attachments. The Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) acknowledges that, if the Investor (or Account(s) of such
Investor, if applicable): (i) is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), then the Company must be provided with a an accurately completed
and duly executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Investor or Account is exempt from backup withholding, or (ii) is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a) of the
Code) (a Non-U.S. Holder), then the Company must be provided with an accurately completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E,W-8ECI,W-8IMY, or other applicable W-8, as
applicable (or any successor form), together with any required attachments, establishing an exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if
applicable) hereby represents that it is able to receive any amounts payable or deliverable hereunder (including any amounts attributable to accrued and unpaid interest) without any U.S. federal withholding tax and is entitled to provide U.S. tax
forms and required attachments indicating the same and, if such U.S. tax forms and attachments do not otherwise establish a 0% U.S. withholding tax rate on such amounts, hereby certifies that the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if
applicable) fulfills the requirements of portfolio interest exemption as indicated in Exhibit D, and agrees to hold the Company and its agents harmless for the breach of such representation and certification. Any forms required to
be delivered to the Company pursuant to this Section 13 shall be delivered in accordance with Section 21; provided that such communication shall be made via electronic mail. 

14. 

Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR (FOR ITSELF AND, IF APPLICABLE, ON BEHALF OF
EACH ACCOUNT) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS EXCHANGE/SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT. 

15. 

Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO
CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

11 

16. 

Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on
behalf of each Account) (a) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in the courts of the State of New York located in
the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York; (b) waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding; and
(c) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of each Account) agrees that a final judgment in any
such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 

17. 

Venue. Each of the Company and the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of each Account)
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement in any court referred to in Section 16. Each of the Company and the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of each Account) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

18. 

Service of Process. Each of the Company and the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of
each Account) irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 21. Nothing in this Exchange/Subscription Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. 

19. 

Section and Other Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Exchange/Subscription
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

20. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed, either manually or by way of a digital signature provided
by DocuSign (or similar digital signature provider), by one or more of the parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic means, including telecopy, email or otherwise), and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement (whether executed manually or by way of a digital signature as described herein this
Section 20) by facsimile or other transmission (e.g., pdf or tif format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

21. 

Notices. All notices and other communications to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to the following addresses or pursuant to the following email addresses, or, in the case of the
Investor or any Account, the address provided in Exhibit C (or such other address as either party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other): 

If to the Company: 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation

2100 Powell
Street, Suite 720

Emeryville, California 94608

22. 

Binding Effect. The provisions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 

12 

23. 

Notification of Changes. The Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of each Account) hereby
covenants and agrees to notify the Company upon the occurrence of any event prior to the Closing that would cause any representation, warranty, or covenant of the Investor (and/or such Account) contained in this Agreement to be false or incorrect in
any material respect. 

24. 

Reliance by Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may rely on each representation and warranty of the
Company and the Investor made herein or pursuant to the terms hereof (including, without limitation, in any officers certificate delivered pursuant to the terms hereof) with the same force and effect as if such representation or warranty were
made directly to the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent shall be a third party beneficiary to this Exchange/Subscription Agreement to the extent provided in this Section 24. 

25. 

Severability. If any term or provision (in whole or in part) of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement is
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor (for itself and, if applicable, on behalf of each Account) has executed
this Exchange/Subscription Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Legal Name of Executing Investor:

By 

Name:

Title:

Legal Name:

[Signature Page to Exchange/Subscription Agreement] 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Exchange/Subscription Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A: FOR THE EXCHANGE AND SUBSCRIPTION 

Name of

Exchanging

Holder (i.e.,

Beneficial

Owner)

and/or

Subscriber 

Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

Exchanged

Old Notes

(For

Exchanging

Holders;

Enter $0 if

Participating

in the

Subscription

Only) Exchange Consideration

(For Exchanging Holders; Enter $0 if

Participating in the Subscription Only) 

Total Cash

Consideration

(Cash

Payment +

Accrued

Interest)

(For

Exchanging

Holders;

Enter $0 if

Participating

in the

Subscription

Only) 

Purchased

New Notes

(For

Subscriber;

Enter $0 if

Participating

in the

Exchange

Only) 

Cash

Purchase

Price

(For

Subscriber;

Enter $0 if

Participating

in the

Exchange

Only) If Participating in the

Exchange and the

Subscription 

Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

Exchanged

New Notes Cash

Payment Accrued

Interest 

Net Amount

to be Wired

(Column 6

minus

Column 8) 

Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

New Notes

(Column 3

plus Column 7) 

(COLUMN 1) (COLUMN 2) (COLUMN 3) (COLUMN 4) (COLUMN 5) (COLUMN 6) (COLUMN 7) (COLUMN 8) (COLUMN 9) (COLUMN 10) 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

Total: $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

EXHIBIT B TO THE EXCHANGE/SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

NOTICE OF EXCHANGE/SUBSCRIPTION PROCEDURES 

Attached are Exchange/Subscription Procedures for the settlement of the exchange and/or subscription for Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the
Company) Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the New Notes) pursuant to the Exchange/Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025, between you and the Company which is expected to occur on or about March 13,
2025. To ensure timely settlement, please follow the instructions for exchanging your 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Old Notes) (if applicable) and/or subscribing for New Notes (if applicable) as set forth on the
following page. 

These instructions supersede any prior instructions you received. Your failure to comply with the attached instructions may delay
your receipt of the New Notes. 

If you have any questions, please contact Edward Collins at (408)-691-8384.

Thank you. 

OPTION A EXCHANGING OLD NOTES FOR NEW NOTES ONLY

Delivery of Old Notes 

You must direct the eligible
DTC participant through which you hold a beneficial interest in the Old Notes to post on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time,one-sided withdrawal instructions through DTC via
DWAC, the aggregate principal amount1 of Exchanged Old Notes (CUSIP 268158 AD4 / ISIN: US268158AD40) set forth in column 2 of Exhibit A (Aggregate Principal Amount of Exchanged Old
Notes) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

It is important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC posted on March 13, 2025, no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time. 

To receive New Notes 

You must direct your eligible DTC participant through which you wish to hold a beneficial interest in the New Notes to post and accept on March 13, 2025, no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, a one-sided deposit instruction through DTC via DWAC for the aggregate principal amount2 of Exchanged New
Notes (CUSIP/ISIN #: 268158 AE2/ US268158AE23) set forth in column 3 of Exhibit A (Aggregate Principal Amount of Exchanged New Notes) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

To receive the Cash Consideration 

You must
provide valid wire instructions to the Company for the aggregate amount of cash set forth in column 6 of Exhibit A, representing the Cash Consideration, of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

It is important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC posted on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time. You must complete
ALL steps described above in order to complete the exchange of Exchanged Old Notes for the Exchange Consideration. 

1 

Note that the DWAC instruction should specify the principal amount, not the number, of Exchanged Old Notes.

2 

Note that the DWAC instruction should specify the principal amount, not the number, of New Notes.

OPTION B PURCHASING NEW NOTES ONLY (WITHOUT AN EXCHANGE OF OLD NOTES) 

To receive New Notes 

You must BOTH: 

1. 

Direct your eligible DTC participant through which you wish to hold a beneficial interest in the New Notes to
post and accept on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, a one-sided deposit instruction through DTC via DWAC for the aggregate principal amount of New Notes (CUSIP/ISIN #: 268158
AE2/ US268158AE23 set forth in column 7 of Exhibit A (Purchased New Notes) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

It is important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC posted on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

AND 

2. 

No later than3:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 13, 2025, you must pay the Cash Purchase
Price set forth in column 8 of Exhibit A4 (Cash Purchase Price) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the following
account of the Company: 

ABA Routing Number: 021000021 

Beneficiary Account Name: Operating Account 

SWIFT Code: CHASUS33XXX 

Beneficiary Account Number: 950230505 

4 

The Cash Purchase Price is the amount of cash that you must wire to the Company in connection with your
purchase of New Notes. 

5 

Company to provide wire instructions. 

OPTION C EXCHANGING OLD NOTES FOR NEW NOTES AND PURCHASING NEW NOTES 

Delivery of Old Notes 

You must direct the eligible
DTC participant through which you hold a beneficial interest in the Old Notes to post on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time,one-sided withdrawal instructions through DTC via
DWAC, the aggregate principal amount6 of Exchanged Old Notes (CUSIP 268158 AD4 / ISIN: US268158AD40) set forth in column 2 of Exhibit A (Aggregate Principal Amount of Exchanged Old
Notes) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

It is important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC posted on March 13, 2025, no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time. 

To receive New Notes 

You must direct your eligible DTC participant through which you wish to hold a beneficial interest in the New Notes to post and accept on March 13,
2025,no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, a one-sided deposit instruction through DTC via DWAC for the aggregate principal amount7 of
New Notes (CUSIP/ISIN #: 268158 AE2/ US268158AE23) set forth in column 10 of Exhibit A (Aggregate Principal Amount of New Notes) of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

Net Amount to Be Wired 

If the Net Amount to Be Wired is a positive number, you must provide valid wire instructions to the Company for
the aggregate amount of cash set forth in column 9 of Exhibit A, representing the Net Amount to Be Wired, of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement; or 

If the Net Amount to Be Wired is a negative number, no later than3:00 p.m., New York City time, on
March 13, 2025, you must pay the absolute value of the Net Amount to Be Wired set forth in column 9 of Exhibit A of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the following account of the
Company: 

ABA Routing Number: 021000021 

Beneficiary Account Name: Operating Account 

SWIFT Code: CHASUS33XXX 

Beneficiary Account Number: 950230505 

It is
important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC posted on March 13, 2025, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time. You must complete ALL steps described above in order to complete the exchange of Exchanged Old Notes for the Exchange
Consideration and the purchase of the Purchased New Notes. 

6 

Note that the DWAC instruction should specify the principal amount, not the number, of Exchanged Old Notes.

7 

Note that the DWAC instruction should specify the principal amount, not the number, of New Notes.

EXHIBIT C TO THE EXCHANGE/SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

Purchaser Settlement Details 

These
settlement instructions are to be delivered to the Company for each Purchaser no later than one (1) business day after the date of the Exchange/Subscription Agreement. 

Name of Purchaser:

Purchaser Address: 

Telephone:

Email Address:

Country of Residence:

Taxpayer Identification Number:

If Purchaser is an Exchanging Holder: 

Exchanged Old Notes 

DTC Participant Number:

DTC Participant Name:

DTC Participant Phone Number:

DTC Participant Contact Email:

FFC Account #:

Account # at Bank/Broker:

Exchanged New Notes (if different from Exchanged Old Notes) 

DTC Participant Number:

DTC Participant Name:

DTC Participant Phone Number:

DTC Participant Contact Email:

FFC Account #:

Account # at Bank/Broker:

Wire instructions for Cash Consideration: 

Bank Name:

Bank Address:

ABA Routing Number:

Account Name:

Account Number:

Contact Person:

FFC Account Name

FFC Account # at Bank/Broker:

If Purchaser is a Subscriber: 

DTC Participant Information for Delivery of Purchased New Notes

DTC Participant Number:

DTC Participant Name:

DTC Participant Phone Number:

DTC Participant Contact Email:

FFC Account #:

Account # at Bank/Broker:

EXHIBIT D 

Tax Matters 

U.S. Federal Backup Withholding
Tax

Under U.S. federal income tax law, an Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) generally must provide such Investors (or
Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) on IRS Form W-9 (attached hereto) or otherwise establish a basis for exemption from backup
withholding. A TIN generally is an individuals social security number or an entitys employer identification number. If the correct TIN is not provided, the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) may be subject to
penalties imposed by the IRS and certain payments made to them may be subject to U.S. backup withholding tax (currently set at 24% of the payment). If an Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) is required to provide a TIN but does
not have a TIN, the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) should consult its tax advisor regarding how to obtain a TIN. Certain holders are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting requirements. A Non-U.S. Holder may be required to comply with certain certification procedures to establish that the holder is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a) of the Code) in order to
avoid backup withholding. U.S. backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules generally will be allowed as a refund or credit against the applicable Investors or Accounts U.S. federal
income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. In certain circumstances, information returns may be filed with the IRS. Copies of these information returns may also be made available under the provisions
of a specific treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which a Non-U.S. Holder resides. Investors (or Account(s) of such Investors, if applicable) are urged to consult their tax advisors
regarding how to complete the appropriate forms and to determine whether they are exempt from backup withholding or other withholding taxes. 

Portfolio
Interest Exemption (for Purchasers That Are Non-U.S. Holders) 

Under U.S. federal income tax law, an Investor
(or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) that is otherwise not eligible to provide an IRS Form W-9 may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax on payments or deliveries attributable to accrued and
unpaid interest unless such Investor or Account establishes an exemption. To the extent required by Section 13 of the Agreement, each Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) hereby claims such an exemption under the so-called portfolio interest exemption and represents and certifies as set forth in Paragraph C below (in addition to providing the applicable IRS Form
W-8). However, if the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable) is an intermediary, a foreign partnership or other flow-through entity, then the adjustments in Paragraphs A and B
will be made to the statements below: 

A. 

The following certification is made as applied to the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable):

record ownership under Clause 1 of Paragraph C below. 

B. 

The following certifications are made as applied to the partners/members that are beneficial owners of the Old
Notes claiming the portfolio interest exemption: 

beneficial ownership under Clause 1 of Paragraph C below, 

the status in Clause 3 of Paragraph C below, and 

the status in Clause 4 of Paragraph C below. 

C. 

The following certification is made as applied to the Investor (or Account(s) of such Investor, if applicable)
as well as the partners/members that are beneficial owners of the Old Notes claiming the portfolio interest exemption: 

1. 

It is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Old Notes in respect of which it is providing this
certification. 

2. 

It is not a bank (within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code).

3. 

It is not a 10-percent shareholder of the Company (within
the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) or Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code). 

4. 

It is not a controlled foreign corporation (as such term is described in Section 881(c)(3)(C)
of the Code) related to the Company (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dvax-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dvax-20250305_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dvax-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 
Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dvax-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 05, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001029142

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34207

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0728374

Entity Address, Address Line One 2100 Powell Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 720

Entity Address, City or Town Emeryville

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94608

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 848-5100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol DVAX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Preferred Share Purchase Rights

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dvax_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dvax_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.dynavax.com//20250305/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d932746d8k.htm 
dvax-20250305.xsd 
dvax-20250305_def.xml 
dvax-20250305_lab.xml 
dvax-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-047732-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d932746d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001029142 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

0001029142 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

0001029142 

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP 
false 
0001029142 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
DE 
001-34207 
33-0728374 
2100 Powell Street 
Suite 720 
Emeryville 
CA 
94608 
510 
848-5100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
DVAX 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Share Purchase Rights 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>