<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-012760.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-012760.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213124539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-012760
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001682149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				301135279
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38608
		FILM NUMBER:		25618728

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-627-4716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Wireless Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Semiconductor Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUMMIT SEMICONDUCTOR
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180416
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168214900016821492025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 13, 2025

WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38608 30-1135279

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, OR 97006

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(408) 627-4716

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share WISA The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Registered Direct
Transaction 

On February 13, 2025,
WiSA Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with certain investors (each an Investor, and collectively, the Investors), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue and sell to the Investors in a registered direct offering, (a) an aggregate of 4,757,126 shares (the Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, and (b) common stock purchase warrants
(the Warrants, and together with the Shares, the Securities) exercisable for an aggregate of up to 4,757,126
shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $1.14 per share (the Warrant Shares) at a combined offering price of $1.14
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $5.4 million (the Offering).

The Warrants will be
immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the issuance date of the Warrants. Once issued, the
Warrants may be exercised, in certain circumstances, on a cashless basis pursuant to the formula contained in the Warrants.

The Securities to be issued in the registered
direct offering and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are being offered pursuant to the Companys shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-267211) (the Shelf Registration Statement), initially filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), on September 1, 2022 and declared effective on September 13, 2022.

Obligations Under
the Purchase Agreement

Pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed, subject to certain exceptions, (i) not offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell,
pledge or otherwise dispose of any of its shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock until 30 days after the closing
date of the Offering, and (ii) not issue certain securities if the issuance would constitute a Variable Rate Transaction (as such term
is defined in the Purchase Agreement) for a period of 4 months from the closing date of the Offering, in each case unless the Company
is required to complete a financing prior to the applicable date in order to satisfy Nasdaqs continued listing requirements.

Placement Agency Agreement

In connection with the
Offering, on February 13, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with
Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as placement agent on a reasonable
best efforts basis in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent an aggregate fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering and reimburse the Placement Agent an amount up to $75,000
for expenses in connection with the Offering. The Company also agreed to issue the Placement Agent (or its designees) a private warrant
(the Placement Agent Warrant) to purchase up to 5.0% of the aggregate number of Securities sold in the offering, or
warrants to purchase up to 475,713 shares of Common Stock (such shares, the Placement Agent Warrant Shares), at an exercise
price equal to 125.0% of the offering price per share of Common Stock, or $1.425 per share. The Placement Agent Warrants will be exercisable
6 months after the commencement of sales in the Offering and will expire on the five year anniversary of the initial exercise date.

The Offering is expected
to close on February 14, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete
description of each of the Placement Agency Agreement, Warrants, Placement Agent Warrants and Purchase Agreement, and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of each of such document, which are filed as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2 and 10.1, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and between WiSA Technologies, Inc. and Maxim Group LLC, as placement agent.

4.1 Form of Warrant.

4.2 Form of Placement Agent Warrant.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and certain accredited investors dated February 13, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document.).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 13, 2025 WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/
Nathanial Bradley

Name: 

Nathanial Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

February 13, 2025

WiSA Technologies, Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Attn: Brett Moyer, Chief Financial
Officer

Dear Mr. Moyer:

This letter agreement (the
Agreement) constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the
Placement Agent) and WiSA Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the
Company), that Maxim shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best
efforts basis, for the proposed placement to certain purchasers (the Purchasers) of up to an aggregate
of 4,757,126 units (each a Unit and collectively, the
Units), with each Unit consisting of (A) one share (each a Share and collectively,
the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), and (B) one common stock purchase warrant (the
Warrant) to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) at the combined
purchase price of $1.14 per Unit. The Units and the securities included therein (i.e., the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares) are referred to herein as the Securities. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the
Purchasers in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the
Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction
Documents. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf
in connection with the Offering. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in
the Purchase Agreement

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in the event that the Placement Agent determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder do not comply with a rule of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), including but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110, then the
Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of the Placement Agent to comply with any such rules; provided
that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company than the terms of this Agreement.

Section 1. Agreement
to Act as Placement Agent.

(a) On
the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of (a) the Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-267211)
(the Registration Statement) and (b) the Warrants and Warrants Shares pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or regulation D thereunder, with the terms of such offering (the Offering)
to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Purchasers. The Placement
Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful
placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any
of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or otherwise provide
any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have
no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase the Securities and the Company shall have the sole
right to accept offers to purchase the Shares and Warrants and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Shares and Warrants shall be made at the closing (the Closing
and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date). The Closing shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment
(DVP), i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares directly to the account designated by the Placement
Agent and, upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall cause the Shares to be electronically delivered to the applicable Purchaser
and payment shall be made by the Placement Agent (or their clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company, and delivery of the Shares
shall be delivered via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system for the account of the applicable Purchaser
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Warrants shall be delivered by physical certificates. As compensation for services rendered,
the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i) a cash fee equal to seven percent (7.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares and Warrants at the Closing; 

(ii) reimbursement of the Placement Agents accountable expenses, including the Placement Agents legal counsels legal fees, up to $75,000; and

(iii) warrants (the PA Warrants) to the Placement Agent (or its designated affiliates) covering a number of shares equal to five percent (5.0%) of the total number of Securities being sold in the Placement. The PA Warrants will be non-exercisable for six (6) months after the commencement of sales of the offering and will expire five years after such date. The PA Warrants will be exercisable at a price equal to 125.0% of the public offering price in connection with the Placement. The PA Warrants shall not be redeemable. The Company will register the shares underlying the PA Warrants under the Securities Act and will file all necessary undertakings in connection therewith. The PA Warrants may not be sold, transferred, assigned or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities for a period of 180 days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the offering, except that they may be assigned, in whole or in part, to any officer, partner, registered person or affiliate of the Placement Agent, and to members of the selling group. The PA Warrants may be exercised as to all or a lesser number of shares and will provide for cashless exercise. 

The Placement Agent reserves
the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be
made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms
thereof require adjustment.

(b) The Placement Agents
engagement hereunder shall become effective on the date hereof and shall continue until the later of (i) the Closing Date of the
Offering and (ii) February 28, 2025 (the Termination Date). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations
contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation
to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof
and which are permitted to be reimbursed under the FINRA Rules, will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. All such
fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees and reimbursements
are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or upon the closing of the Offering or any applicable portion thereof (in the event such
fees are due pursuant to the terms of Section 1 hereof).

(c) Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage
in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As
used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under
the Securities Act.

Section 2. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement Agent as of the date
hereof, and as of the Closing Date, unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date or time, as follows:

(a) Securities Law
Filings. The Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-267211), and amendments thereto, and related preliminary prospectuses,
for the registration under the Securities Act, of the Shares, which registration statement, as so amended (including post-effective amendments,
if any) became effective on September 13, 2023. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under
the Securities Act. Such registration statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act
and complies with said Rule. The Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, and
the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a supplement
to the form of prospectus included in such registration statement relating to the placement of the Shares, and the plan of distribution
thereof and has advised the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be
set forth therein. Such registration statement, including the exhibits thereto, as amended at the date of this Agreement, is hereinafter
called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement
is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the supplemented form of prospectus, in the form in which it will
be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented) is hereinafter called
the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or
the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents) pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement
with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the
filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements
and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced,
set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (and all
other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information
which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement,
as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or the
Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys
knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, Free Writing Prospectus has the meaning
set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b) Assurances.
The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required
by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied
in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not and, as
amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each
as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and
Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of
the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the
Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations,
and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the
Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further
documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement, when such documents are filed with
the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations,
as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with
the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described
in the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which (x) have
not been described or filed as required or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period.

(c) Offering Materials.
Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date,
any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(d) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(e) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
pursuant to the Prospectus Supplement, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys,
or any of its subsidiaries, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) subject
to the Waivers (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right
of first refusal (except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus), preemptive right or other restriction upon any of
the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a debt or otherwise) or
other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) subject
to any required approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or
other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws
and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on: (x) the legality, validity or enforceability
of any Transaction Document; (y) the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of
the Company; or (z) the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
Document (any of (x), (y), or (z), a Material Adverse Effect).

(f) Reliance.
The Company has not relied upon the Placement Agent or legal counsel for the Placement Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in
connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(g) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act (Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Prospectus Supplement has been made or reaffirmed without
a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. The Forward-Looking Statements incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus (i) are within the coverage of the safe harbor for Forward Looking Statements set forth in Section 27A
of the Securities Act, Rule 175(b) under the Securities Act or Rule 3b-6 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (ii) were
made by the Company with a reasonable basis and in good faith and reflect the Companys good faith commercially reasonable best
estimate of the matters described therein, and (iii) have been prepared in accordance with Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act.

(h) Representations
and Warranties Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules
thereto) made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully restated
herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

(i) FINRA Affiliations.
There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any 10.0% or greater stockholder of the Company.

Section 3. Delivery
and Payment. The Closing shall occur at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas,
New York, New York 10105 (Placement Agent Counsel) (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement
Agent and the Company, including remotely via electronic transmission). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the Purchase
Agreement, at the Closing, payment of the purchase price for the Shares and Warrants sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal
Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names and shall be in
such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the Closing Date. Deliveries of the documents
with respect to the purchase of the Shares and Warrants, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All actions
taken at the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section 4. Covenants
and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration Statement
Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment to the
Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Prospectus Supplement has been filed and will furnish
the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent
to the date of the Prospectus Supplement and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering.
The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend
the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement the Prospectus Supplement or for additional information, and (ii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending
the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto
or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the
Commission for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus Supplement or for additional information.
The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the
Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts
to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts
to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply
with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the
timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such
Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b) Blue Sky Compliance.
The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Purchasers in endeavoring to qualify the Securities for sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Purchasers may reasonably request and will make
such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company
shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where
it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required to produce
any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are
or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution
of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or
any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding
for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company
shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c) Amendments and
Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this
Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to
be delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement
(the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in
the opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents
or the Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the
case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement
or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the
Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement
or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement that is necessary in order to make
the statements in the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement as so amended or supplemented, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or the
Prospectus Supplement, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing
the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent
with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably
objects.

(d) Copies of any
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period beginning
on the date hereof and ending on the later of the Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of the Prospectus Supplement or prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Free Writing Prospectus.
The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, make any offer relating to
the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company
under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in writing to any such free writing
prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i) treat each Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164 and 433 of the
Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending
and record keeping.

(f) Transfer Agent.
The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock for at least three years after the Closing
Date.

(g) [RESERVED].

(h) Periodic Reporting
Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the market
or exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading (the Trading Market) all reports and documents
required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required by the Exchange Act.

(i) Additional Documents. The
Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Purchasers deem necessary
or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and
the Purchasers. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with Purchasers in the Offering.

(j) No Manipulation
of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

(k) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(l) Publicity.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public its involvement with the Offering.

(m) Reliance on Others.
The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n) Research Matters.
By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued
research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as a placement
agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable or any research
coverage of the Company. In accordance with the FINRA Rules, the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly
or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or
a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation.

(o) Trading Market.
The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock on the Trading Market for a period of at least three
years after the Closing Date.

(p) Engagement of
Professionals. The Company will retain a nationally recognized, PCAOB registered firm of independent certified public accountants
reasonably acceptable to Maxim for a period of at least three years after the Closing Date. The Company will retain a financial public
relations firm reasonably acceptable to Maxim for a period of two years after the Closing Date. The Company will retain a financial printer
reasonably acceptable to Maxim to handle the printing and related aspects of the Offering.

Section 5. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the
representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof and in the Purchase Agreement,
in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of
its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accountants
Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company shall have caused to be delivered to
the Placement Agent, a cold comfort letter from BPM LLP, the current independent registered public accounting firm of the
Company (BPM), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the Closing Date, as the case may be, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Placement Agent. The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations,
business or prospects of the Company from that set forth in the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement, which, in the Placement
Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the Offering of the Securities as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(b) Compliance with
Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus shall have been duly filed with the Commission,
as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and
no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending the use of
the Prospectus Supplement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission;
no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have
been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and,
prior to the Closing, FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c) Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and each Prospectus, and
the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it may reasonably have
requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No Material Adverse
Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, in the Placement Agents sole
judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or any material adverse change
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (Material
Adverse Change).

(e) Opinion of Counsel
for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date the favorable opinion of Sullivan & Worcester
LLP, legal counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date,
signed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent
shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Prospectus
Supplement, the Transaction Documents and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i) The representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied
with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

(ii) No stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus Supplement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having the effect
of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange
in the United States;

(iii) When the Registration
Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate, the Registration
Statement, the and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission, and the
Prospectus Supplement as of its date and the Closing Date, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material
respects conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and the Prospectus Supplement,
did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the
preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein)
and, since the effective date of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv) Subsequent to the
respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company taken as a whole, except
transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company
taken as a whole, incurred by the Company, except obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change
in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness
of the Company; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any
loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has
a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Secretarys
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date,
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the date of such Closing, certifying to the organizational documents, good standing
in the state of incorporation of the Company and board resolutions relating to the Offering.

(h) Chief Financial
Officer Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of Chief Financial Officer addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent counsel.

(i) Stock Exchange
Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company shall
not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received
any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing except
as disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.

(j) [RESERVED]

(k) [RESERVED]

(l) Warrants.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or shall cause to be delivered the Warrants registered in such name or names and in such
denominations as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the applicable Closing Date.

(m) Additional Documents.
On or before the Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information and documents
as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated
herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions
or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition specified
in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the
Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on
the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 1(a), 7 and 8 shall at all
times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6. Further
Agreements. 

(a) Other Activities. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent has been, and may in the future be, engaged to provide services as an underwriter, placement agent, finder, advisor or investment banker to other companies in the industry in which the Company is involved. The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of the Placement Agent or of any member, manager, officer, employee, agent or representative of the Placement Agent, to be a member, manager, partner, officer, director, employee, agent or representative of, investor in, or to engage in, any other business, whether or not of a similar nature to the Companys business, nor to limit or restrict the right of the Placement Agent to render services of any kind to any other corporation, firm, individual or association; provided that the Placement Agent and any of its members, managers, officers, employees, agents or representatives shall not use the Information to the detriment of the Company.

(b) Purchasers. For
a period of nine (9) months from the Closing Date, the Company will pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross
proceeds of any equity, equity-linked, or debt financing, or any other capital raising activity received by the Company from the
Purchasers in the Offering.

(c)
Right of First Refusal. For a period of thirty (30) days from July 22, 2025, the Company grants the Placement
Agent the right of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement agent, or sole sales
agent, for any and all future public or private equity, equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings for which
the Company retains the service of an underwriter, agent, advisor, finder or other person or entity in connection with such offering
during such thirty (30) day period of the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company. The Company shall not offer
to retain any entity or person in connection with any such offering on terms more favorable than terms on which it offers to retain
the Placement Agent. Such offer shall be made in writing in order to be effective. The Placement Agent shall notify the Company
within ten (10) business days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated above as to whether or not it agrees to accept such
retention. If the Placement Agent should decline such retention, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Placement
Agent with respect to the offering for which it has offered to retain the Placement Agent, except as otherwise provided for herein.
Such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three (3) years from commencement of sales.

Section 7. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and
each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person) from and
against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for all
Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred
by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation (collectively, an Action), whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, (i) caused by,
or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, any Incorporated Document, or the Prospectus Supplement or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue
statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to an Indemnified Person furnished
in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents) or (ii) otherwise arising
out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions; provided, however,
that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person
that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful
misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials
or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized
for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each
Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this
Agreement.

(b) Upon receipt by an
Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be sought under this
Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to
notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity or otherwise
to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified
Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties to any
such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall have been
advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected by the Company
from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company shall not
in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified Persons
in connection with any Action or related Actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such Action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c) In the event that
the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall contribute
to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the
relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of
the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of fees
actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company,
on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in
the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by the Company
in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated, bears
to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was
not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The Company also
agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company
for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions
except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such
Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

(e) The reimbursement,
indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement and shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services under or in connection
with, this Agreement.

Section 8. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the
Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, or any
of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment
for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company, its directors
or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement
agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section 9. Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, e-mailed or telecopied and confirmed to the parties
hereto as follows:

If to the Placement Agent:

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attention: Clifford A. Teller,
Co-President

Email: cteller@maximgrp.com

With a copy to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole
LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Matthew Bernstein, Esq.

Email: mbernstein@egsllp.com

If to the Company:

WiSA Technologies, Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Attention: Brett Moyer, Chief
Financial Officer

Email: bmoyer@wisatechnologies.com

With a copy to:

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David E. Danovitch, Esq.
and Aaron M. Schleicher

Email: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com and aschleicher@sullivanlaw.com

Any party hereto may change
the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and
directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal
representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 11. Partial
Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement
is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor
changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 12. Governing
Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws
of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees
that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be instituted exclusively in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably
consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company further agrees to accept and
acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County
of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the
Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the
Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement
Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or
proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor its
affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each
other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect,
in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for
any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from
the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to
enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such action or proceeding. 

Section 13. General
Provisions.

(a) This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements,
understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof, except for (i) that certain placement agency agreement,
dated February 12, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, (ii) that certain placement agency agreement, dated
March 26, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, (iii) that certain waiver agreement, dated May 15, 2024, by
and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, and (iv) (ii) that certain placement agency agreement, dated May 15, 2024, by and between
the Company and Maxim Group LLC, all of which agreements shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the
same instrument. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the rights set forth in Section 6(b) and
6(c) of the placement agency agreement, dated February 12, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC are currently,
and shall after execution of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing
by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the
condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction
or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b) The Company acknowledges
that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of,
and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations
set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives
to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary
duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become
a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

The foregoing Agreement is
hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above.

WiSA Technologies, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

WISA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Warrant Shares: Initial Exercise Date: _______, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from WiSA Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in
Section 2(b).

Section 1.Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated February 13, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2.Exercise.

a)Exercise
of Warrant. Each of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
(as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the Common Stock specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on
a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink original Notice of Exercise shall be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has subscribed for all of the Warrant Shares
available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in subscriptions for a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder
shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares subscribed for. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares subscribed for
and the date of such subscriptions. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day
of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of this paragraph, following the subscription for a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for subscription hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.14, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. If at any time following the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective registration statement registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the
option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrant being exercised. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary tothis
Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX
and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i.Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares subscribed for hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144
(assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading Day after the
delivery of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). For the purposes of Regulation SHO
under the Exchange Act, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become
the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver or cause the delivery to the Holder the Warrant
Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder
rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant
remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than as a result of failure of the Holder to timely deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price, unless the Warrant is validly exercised by means of a cashless exercise), and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to
the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to
an attempted exercise of this Warrant to subscribe for shares of Common Stock with an aggregate exercise price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

v.No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round down to the next whole share.

vi.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
(i) that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require,
as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto; and (ii) the Company
shall use its best efforts to pay, or procure payment of issue or stamp taxes levied in connection with the issuance of the Warrant or
Warrant Shares to the Holder (Relevant Taxes). The Holder agrees to cooperate with the Company and provide all necessary
information and documentation to the Company in a timely manner (and in any event within 10 Business Days of request) to enable the Company
to procure payment of any Relevant Taxes and facilitate the making of any necessary filings in respect of Relevant Taxes required to be
made within applicable time limits. The Company shall not be liable for any Relevant Taxes or any penalty, fine, surcharge, interest,
charge, cost or other similar imposition arising in respect of Relevant Taxes to the extent that such amount arises or is increased as
a result of any failure by a Holder to timely provide the Company with any information or documentation requested pursuant to this Section 2(d)(vi).
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination,
and a submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Holder of the foregoing determination. In
addition, a determination by the Holder as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [9.99/4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is
delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3.Certain
Adjustments.

a)Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)Intentionally
Omitted.

c)Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, share or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (except to the extent an adjustment was already made pursuant
to Section 3(a)) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case,
the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record
is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right
to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a
result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder
until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

e)Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), directly or indirectly effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, except to the extent subject to an adjustment pursuant
to Section 3(a), (b), (c), or (d), (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by
the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the Common Stock of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or
group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the
voting power of the Common Stock of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control,
including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following
such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant
based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the
U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to 100%, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any,
being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the
Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five
Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The
Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein.

f)Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)Notice
to Holder.

i.Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the
Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set
forth herein.

Section 4.Transfer
of Warrant.

a)Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as
applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new
Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of an affidavit of loss reasonably
satisfactory to the Company evidencing the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to
the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender
and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate
of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, following the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of any subscription rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant
shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the subscription rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such
Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the subscription rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the subscription rights represented by this Warrant and
payment of the Exercise Price for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding Warrants (based on the number of Warrant Shares underlying such Warrants), the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of
any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of
all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public
regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.
Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary
from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of
this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

f) Jurisdiction. Each
party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

i) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, e-mail or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service,
addressed to:

WiSA Technologies, Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier
Pkwy

Beaverton, OR 97006

Attn: Brett Moyer,
Chief Financial Officer

Email: bmoyer@wisatechnologies.com

or such other facsimile
number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such
Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number
or e-mail (or e-mail attachment) at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail (or e-mail attachment) at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

m) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:WISA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.______________________

(1)The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection
2(c).

(3)Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENTS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT

WISA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Warrant Shares: [_______ Initial Exercise Date: [_______, 20251

Issue Date: [_______, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date referred to above as the Initial Exercise Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on [________2 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from WiSA Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated February 12, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

1
Insert the date that is the six month anniversary of the Issue Date.

2
Insert the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) hereof, exercise of the subscription rights represented by this Warrant
may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by
delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed
hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Common Stock specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink original Notice of Exercise shall be required. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has subscribed
for all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender
this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is
delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in subscriptions for a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder in an amount equal to
the applicable number of Warrant Shares subscribed for. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares subscribed for and the date of such subscriptions. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one
(1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the subscription for a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for subscription hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.425, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the
option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrant being exercised. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX
and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i.Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares subscribed for hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading
Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share
Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than as a result of failure of the Holder to
timely deliver the aggregate Exercise Price, unless the Warrant is validly exercised by means of a cashless exercise), and if after such
date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm
otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount,
if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of this Warrant to subscribe for shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round down to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
(i) that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require,
as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto; and (ii) the Company
shall use its best efforts to pay, or procure payment of issue or stamp taxes levied in connection with the issuance of the Warrant or
Warrant Shares to the Holder (Relevant Taxes). The Holder agrees to cooperate with the Company and provide all necessary
information and documentation to the Company in a timely manner (and in any event within 10 Business Days of request) to enable the Company
to procure payment of any Relevant Taxes and facilitate the making of any necessary filings in respect of Relevant Taxes required to be
made within applicable time limits. The Company shall not be liable for any Relevant Taxes or any penalty, fine, surcharge, interest,
charge, cost or other similar imposition arising in respect of Relevant Taxes to the extent that such amount arises or is increased as
a result of any failure by a Holder to timely provide the Company with any information or documentation requested pursuant to this Section 2(d)(vi).
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination,
and a submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Holder of the foregoing determination. In
addition, a determination by the Holder as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [9.99/4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is
delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Intentionally
Omitted.

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a
dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (except to the
extent an adjustment was already made pursuant to Section 3(a)) (a Distribution), at any time after the
issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same
extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such
Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to
such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, except to the extent subject to an adjustment pursuant to Section
3(a), (b), (c), or (d), (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then,
upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to
receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes
Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to 100%, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time
between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a
zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other
consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of
the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock,
such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company
under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of
this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and
the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally
with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect
as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. 

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the
Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set
forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that
would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the
commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2).
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as
applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new
Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such
transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, to deliver a legal opinion of counsel to the transferor to
the effect that the transfer is pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption
from, or is a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and is in accordance with applicable state
securities laws.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

a) To the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares and in the further event that the Company files a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering the sale of its shares of Common Stock (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or S-8, or on another form, or in another context, in which such piggyback registration would be inappropriate), then, for a period of five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the Offering, the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to the Holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and offer to the Holder in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares of Warrant Shares as such Holder may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall cause such Warrant Shares to be included in such registration and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Warrant Shares requested to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Warrant Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggyback Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggyback Registration. Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

b) In
addition, to the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares, for a period of five
(5) years from the commencement of sales of the Offering, the Holder shall be entitled to one (1) demand right for the registration
of the Warrant Shares at the Companys expense (other than any underwriting discounts, selling commissions, share transfer taxes
applicable to the sale of the Warrant Shares, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Holder) (the Demand Registration).
In the event of a Demand Registration, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the applicable Warrant Shares.
All Holders of Warrant Shares proposing to distribute their securities through a Demand Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Demand Registration.
Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that
which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included
in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the registration rights described in this Section 5 shall be subject to limitations imposed by the Commissions
rules or comments of the Commission staff in connection with its review of the registration statement for any such resale registration.
Moreover, notwithstanding the foregoing registration obligations of the Company, if the Company furnishes to the Holders requesting a
Demand Registration a certificate signed by the Companys chief executive officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the
Companys Board of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for a registration statement
to either become effective or remain effective for as long as such registration statement otherwise would be required to remain effective,
because such action would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization, or other similar transaction
involving the Company; (ii) require premature disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose
for preserving as confidential; or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange
Act, then the Company shall have the right to defer taking action with respect to such Demand Registration or withdraw a related registration
statement for a period of not more than forty-five (45) calendar days; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke this right more
than twice in any twelve (12) month period or during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Termination Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of an affidavit of loss reasonably
satisfactory to the Company evidencing the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to
the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender
and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate
of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, following the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of any subscription rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant
shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the subscription rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such
Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the subscription rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the subscription rights represented by this Warrant and
payment of the Exercise Price for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding Warrants (based on the number of Warrant Shares underlying such Warrants), the Company shall not by any action,
including, without limitation, amending its articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of
any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of
all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public
regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.
Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary
from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of
this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

f) Jurisdiction. Each
party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

i) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, e-mail or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service,
addressed to:

WiSA Technologies, Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, OR 97006

Attn: Brett Moyer, Chief Financial Officer

Email: bmoyer@wisatechnologies.com

or such other facsimile
number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such
Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number
or e-mail (or e-mail attachment) at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail (or e-mail attachment) at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

m) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: WISA
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 13, 2025, between WiSA Technologies, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below)
the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Authorizations
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Base
Prospectus means the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time the Registration Statement was declared
effective.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the
Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Unit means a fixed combination of one Share and one Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock.

Common
Unit Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Common Units purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Common Unit
Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Company
Counsel means Sullivan & Worcester LLP.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately
following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement
is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New
York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105-0302.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) the Securities issued hereunder; (b) shares of Common Stock or options to employees,
officers, directors, consultants and investor relation agencies of the Company pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans
or pursuant to the compensation agreements previously authorized by the Board of Directors provided; however, any such issuances to consultants
shall be limited to 100,000 shares; (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits, combinations or pre-existing anti-dilution
provisions) or to extend the term of such securities; (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions and
the payment of contractor invoices in the ordinary course of business approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company,
provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein,
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and (e) securities
issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the
filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein and provided
that the price per share of such issuance is equal to or greater than 110% of the per Unit Purchase Price.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Unit
Purchase Price equals $[_______, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

Prospectus
Supplement means the final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities
Act that is filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-267211 which registers the sale of
the Shares to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Common Units purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598 and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Units
means, collectively, the Common Units.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB)
or the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Open Market (Pink Market)
operated by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to 5 years, in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $[_______ of Units. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth
on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement
with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant as determined pursuant
to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at
the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the
time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to
the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to
be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall,
automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound
to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement
Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided
further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser
as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any
such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any
such sale, if any. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus
Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers
names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser;
upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment
therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser and the
Placement Agent the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers;

(iii) subject
to the last sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions,
on Company letterhead and executed by the Principal Executive Officer or Principal Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent
to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price;

(v) a
Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.14, subject to adjustment therein; and

(vi) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) the
Registration Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending
or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Placement Agent; and

(vi) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, which shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein
to the extent of the disclosure contained therein, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise formed, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective memorandum of association, articles of association, certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries
is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which
the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on
the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a
material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any
Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and, to the Companys knowledge,
no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection
herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, possessory
liens, rights of set off, merger, consolidation, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement
of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the statutory limitation of the time within which proceedings
may be brought or availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys memorandum of association,
articles of association, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time
or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is
bound or affected (other than in respect of anti-dilution, price reset and similar such features contained in securities disclosed in
the SEC Reports), or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary
is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary
is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, provincial, local or other
governmental authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than:
(i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) such as have been obtained prior to the date hereof,
(iii) such as have been obtained or made under the Securities Act, (iv) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement,
(v) applicable approvals by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), (vi) application(s) to
each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby,
(vii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (viii) such as those that, if not obtained,
given or made, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company and, when
executed and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be valid and binding agreements of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general
equitable principles. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Agreement, and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements
of the Securities Act, which became effective on September 13, 2022 (the Effective Date), including the Base
Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement
is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending
or preventing the use of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that
purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments
thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; and the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus Supplement,
or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
All corporate action required to be taken for authorization, issuance and sale of the Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares have been duly
and validly taken. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. The Company was at the time of filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3.
The Company is eligible to use General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act.

(g) Capitalization. The
capitalization of the Company as of the date of the most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company is as set forth
in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Securities will not be subject
to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. Except as
disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person
any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement,
the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, there are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in
the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar
rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge
of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports)
on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration
of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not and has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under
the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the
notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end
audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement and the SEC Reports
conform in all material aspects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement
or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed.
Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
and is material to the Companys business (each, a Material Agreement), has been duly authorized and validly
executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefore may be brought. No Material Agreement has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to
the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge,
no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder that has had
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance
by the Company of the material provisions of the Material Agreements will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule,
regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company
or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations. The other financial
and statistical information included in the SEC Reports present fairly, in all material respects, the information included therein and
have been prepared on a basis consistent with that of the financial statements that are included in the SEC Reports and the books and
records of the respective entities presented therein.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, since the date of the most recent
financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement,
(i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and
accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (B) liabilities not required to be reflected
in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company
has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
equity plans disclosed in the Registration Statement. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement and except as disclosed in SEC Reports,
no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist
with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.
Unless otherwise disclosed in an SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred
any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

(j) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)(collectively, an Action) that, if there
were an unfavorable decision, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Actions as disclosed in
the SEC Reports (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents
or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving
a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been,
and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company
or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the
effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of
the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l) Compliance. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or
violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the SEC Reports.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply or receive would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, licenses, authorizations approvals, clearances, consents,
registration and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities applicable to the Company
(Applicable Laws) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where
the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (each, an Authorization),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Authorization
or the noncompliance with any ordinance, law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company. The disclosures in the Registration
Statement, if any, concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently
contemplated are correct in all material respects. The Company is and has been in material compliance with any term of any such Authorizations,
except for any violations which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received notice
of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental authority
or body or third party alleging that any product, operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations or has
any knowledge that any such entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation
or proceeding, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any Applicable Laws
by the Company that could reasonably be expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective
action, or enforcement action by any governmental body or entity.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights
to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property owned or used by them that is material to the business of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens incurred in connection with purchase
money security interests and equipment financings, (ii) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (iii) Liens
for the payment of federal, provincial, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with
GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the
Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual Property Rights has
expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the operation of their respective businesses
violate or infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any Person, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction
with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement
or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or
such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of US$120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary, bonus or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and
(iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan or equity incentive plans of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (SOX), that are effective as of the date hereof, and
any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that is effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including that (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access
to assets or incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and its principal
financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any notice or correspondence from any accountant, Governmental Entity or other Person relating to any potential
material weakness in any part of the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, other than the compensation payable to the Placement Agent pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency
Agreement. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Units, will not be, required to register as an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner
so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from
any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through
The Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to The Depository
Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus
Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission
in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (a) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or
(b) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the
Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed
as required. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a
whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The
statistical and market-related data included in the Prospectus Supplement, if any, are based on or derived from sources that the Company
reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on
the basis of data derived from such sources. The Company has obtained all consents required for the inclusion of such statistical and
market-related data in the Prospectus Supplement. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Prospectus Supplement has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations
or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its controlled Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder
approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Units hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business
as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, such reorganization does not include the
Companys mergers, acquisitions or other strategic transactions which are not for the primary purpose of avoiding bankruptcy.

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed, or secured all extensions for the filing of, all applicable
United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by
any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material
in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision
reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations
apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers
of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment
to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its
behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the FCPA.

(dd) Illegal
or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers, directors,
employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with
which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment,
contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe
to any Person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office
except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ee) Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is BPM LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect
to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024.

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(gg) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Section 3.2(f) hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) in this Agreement, none of the
Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short,
securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities
for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without
limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions,
may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties
in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short
position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one
or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined,
and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company
at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities
do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of,
any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection
with the placement of the Securities.

(ii) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each
of the Companys directors and officers and beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is true
and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in such
questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

(jj) Cybersecurity.
The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted,
free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants that would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Companys business. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and
maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain
and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems
and data (including all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)
used in connection with their businesses There have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or access to the IT
Systems or Personal Data in use or possession of the Company, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to
the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, in each case, except
for such breaches, violations, outages, unauthorized uses of or access to, or non-compliance, as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(jj) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon a Purchasers request.

(kk) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in compliance with all applicable state,
federal, and international data privacy and security laws and regulations (collectively, the Privacy Laws), except
where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To ensure compliance with the
Privacy Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all
material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times made
all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures
made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory
rules or requirements, except for any disclosures, inaccuracies or violations that would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual
or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any
event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in
whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to
any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law, in each case except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(ll) Stock
Option Plans or Equity Incentive Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan or equity
incentive plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan or equity incentive plan and
(ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered
granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan or equity incentive plan has
been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant,
stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of
material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(mm) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(nn) Shell
Company Status. The Company is not, and during the past three (3) years was not, a shell company defined in Rule 405.

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada),
and the U.S. Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes of all applicable
jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder, and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered
or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by
or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) FINRA
Affiliation. No officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any member of FINRA (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA) that is participating in the Offering. Except for securities purchased on the open market, no Company Affiliate is an owner
of stock or other securities of any member of FINRA. No Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA. No proceeds
from the sale of the Securities (excluding compensation as disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement to the Placement Agent) will be paid
to any FINRA member, any persons associated with a FINRA member or an affiliate of a FINRA member. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the
initial filing date of the Prospectus Supplement is a FINRA member, is a person associated with a FINRA member or is an affiliate of
a FINRA member. No FINRA member participating in the offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict
of interest exists when a FINRA member, the parent or affiliate of a FINRA member or any person associated with a FINRA member
in the aggregate beneficially own 5% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 5% or more of
the Companys preferred equity. FINRA member participating in the offering includes any associated person of a FINRA
member that is participating in the offering, any member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a FINRA
member that is participating in the offering. Any person associated with a FINRA member means (1) a natural person
who is registered or has applied for registration under the rules of FINRA and (2) a sole proprietor, partner, officer, director,
or branch manager of a FINRA member, or other natural person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions, or a natural
person engaged in the investment banking or securities business who is directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by a FINRA member.
When used in this Section 3.1(pp) the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will advise the Placement
Agent and Blank Rome if it learns that any officer, director or owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm.

(qq) [Reserved].

(rr) Board
of Directors. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply
with SOX and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member
of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under SOX and the rules promulgated
thereunder and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors
qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

(ss) Employee
Plans. The SEC Reports disclose, to the extent required by applicable securities laws, each plan for retirement, bonus, stock purchase,
profit sharing, stock option, deferred compensation, severance or termination pay, insurance, medical, hospital, dental, vision care,
drug, sick leave, disability, salary continuation, legal benefits, unemployment benefits, vacation, incentive or otherwise contributed
to, or required to be contributed to, by the Company for the benefit of any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant
of the Company (the Employee Plans), each of which has been maintained in all material respects with its terms and
with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and regulations that are applicable to such Employee Plans.

(tt) Other
Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) renumeration
for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities other than the Placement Agent.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which such Purchaser
is a party and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each
Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act and/or meets
the definition of qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act and, and
is not an entity formed for the sole purpose of acquiring the Securities (it being understood that the issuance of the Securities is
being made in reliance on Section 4(2) or Regulation D, and not Rule 144A), in either case which such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters as are necessary in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has reviewed the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules
thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and
to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the
merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. For example, each Purchaser understands that the
Company faces certain challenges, including that: (i) the market price for the Common Stock is particularly volatile given
the Companys status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, and lack of profits, which could
lead to wide fluctuations in the share price of the Common Stock; (ii) the Company has been notified by the Staff at The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of its failure to comply with certain continued listing requirements and the Staffs
determination to grant the Companys request for continued listing of its securities, subject to the Company demonstrating compliance
with certain Nasdaq Listing Rules including the achievement of certain interim milestones; and (iii) it has recurring losses
from operations, a net capital deficiency and a need for additional capital; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will
achieve the interim milestones, regain and maintain compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements and that its securities
will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the
Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or
advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or
the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the
Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser,
neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser. Further, such
Purchaser also acknowledges and understands that pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iv), if the Companys Common
Stock fails to meet the continued listing requirement for minimum bid price between the date hereof and April 12, 2025 or if the
Company effects a second reverse stock split prior to April 12, 2026, which, when combined with the 1-for-150 reverse stock split
effected on April 12, 2024, will result in a cumulative reverse stock split ratio of 1-for-250 shares or more, then the Company
will be issued a Staff Delisting Determination upon such non-compliance

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g) Reserved.

(h) No
Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(i) No
Intention to Effect a Change of Control. Such Purchaser has no present intent to effect a change of control of the
Company as such term is understood under the rules promulgated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and under the
rules of Nasdaq. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with
respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered
by this Agreement.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend
or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any
representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered
in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the
avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to
locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 
Warrant
Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the
issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to
any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent
registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale
or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement
is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company
to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company
shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of
the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information.

Until
the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns any Securities, or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants
to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed
by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless
stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as
exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release,
the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any
of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, controlled Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality
or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents, employees, controlled Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one
hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any
such public statement without the prior consent of (i) the Placement Agent, with respect to any press release of the Company
and (ii) the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed,
except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice
of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser,
or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior
written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction
Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case
the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate
with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or controlled Affiliates delivers any material,
non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser
shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
controlled Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law.
To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on
the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder as set forth in the Prospectus
Supplement and shall not use such proceeds in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify (to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law) and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, managers, partners, employees
and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20
of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a
functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling
persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies,
damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of
the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents
or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any
stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties
or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder
or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (c) in connection with any registration statement
of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.
The Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising
out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any
prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or
relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
(in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except
to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser
Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation
by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection
therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement,
such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in
writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in
such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained
herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock; Authorized Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and
keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the
Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the
Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall have applied to list or quote all
of the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares
on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market,
it will then include in such application all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to
cause all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply
in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market.
The Company agrees to take all reasonable action to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through The
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to The
Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
(ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement with respect thereto, other than (A) the Prospectus Supplement,
(B) the filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan. For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Section 4.11 shall be deemed to prevent the Company from filing a registration statement in connection with any
registration rights obligations in existence prior to the date hereof.

(b) From
the date hereof until the four (4) month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to
being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or
effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether
such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. For purposes of this Section 4.11(b), an at
the market offering and an equity line of credit shall not constitute a Variable Rate Transaction.

(c) Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an (i) Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance, and (ii) any financing deemed necessary by the Company in order to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq.

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all
of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by
the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
Securities or otherwise.

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal
and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will
not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be
restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws
from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the
securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates,
or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered
by this Agreement.

4.14 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants, respectively, set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required by the Company
in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver the Warrant Shares, as the case
may be, in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15 Purchaser
Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the Purchaser shall not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending the earlier
of (i) 8:00p.m. (New York time) on February 14, 2025 and (ii) the date on which, at any time, the price quote for the Common Stock on
the principal Trading Market for Common Stock equals to or exceeds $1.50, transfer any portion or interest of the Shares purchased hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Company, other than (A) to any Affiliate of the Purchaser or to any investment fund or other
entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the Purchaser or as part of a distribution to members
or shareholders of the Purchaser upon liquidation, (B) pursuant to tenders, sales or other transfers pursuant to a bona fide third-party
tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of shares of Common Stock or involving a change of
control of the Company, (C) Shares acquired by the Purchaser in open market transactions subsequent to the Closing or (D) to the Company.
Any purported sale, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, assignment, loan, or disposal of the Shares in violation of the foregoing sentence
without prior written consent of the Company shall be null and void.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the first (1st) Trading Day following the date
of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against
whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and
adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1%
in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall
be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants
of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of,
nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and
Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other
Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser
under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant
hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of
entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its
rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall
not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been
represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative
convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through EGS. EGS does not represent
any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms
and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers.
It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between
the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration
of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on
the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO WISA SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Warrant
Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or
9.99%

EIN
Number: _______________________

o
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this
Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional
obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase
price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wisa-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wisa-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>wisa-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38608

Entity Registrant Name WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001682149

Entity Tax Identification Number 30-1135279

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Entity Address, City or Town Beaverton

Entity Address, State or Province OR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 97006

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 627-4716

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol WISA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://summitwireless.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm256455d2_8k.htm 
wisa-20250213.xsd 
wisa-20250213_lab.xml 
wisa-20250213_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-012760-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256455d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001682149 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001682149 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
DE 
001-38608 
30-1135279 
15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy 
Beaverton 
OR 
97006 
408 
627-4716 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
WISA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>