<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-000734.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-000734.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103160024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-000734
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nukkleus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001787518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				383912845
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39341
		FILM NUMBER:		25505816

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-791-4663

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brilliant Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190909
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226294-8k_nukkleus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178751800017875182024-12-272024-12-270001787518NUKK:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2024-12-272024-12-270001787518NUKK:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor92.00PerShareMember2024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 27, 2024

NUKKLEUS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39341 38-3912845

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

525 Washington Blvd.

Jersey City, New Jersey07310

(Address of principal executive offices)

212-791-4663

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share NUKK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock for $92.00 per share NUKKW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On November 8, 2024, Nukkleus Inc. (the Company)
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Jamal Khurshid and Match Financial Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(Match), providing that Match agreed to sell Digital RFQ Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Match (DRFQ),
to Mr. Khurshid or his nominee subject to the Company obtaining shareholder approval (the Settlement Agreement). As required
by the Settlement Agreement, the Company, Match and Mr. Khurshid entered into a Share Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2024 providing
that the Company, subject to it obtaining shareholder approval, will sell DRFQ to Mr. Khurshid in consideration of 1,000. The Company
believes the sale of DRFQ is in the best interest of the Company due to continuing net loss generated by DRFQ and the Companys
desire to focus on the defense sector.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Share Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2024 between Match Financial Limited, Jamal Khurshid and Nukkleus Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

NUKKLEUS INC.

Date: January 3, 2025 By: /s/ Menachem Shalom

Name: Menachem Shalom

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022629401ex10-1_nukkleus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 27, 2024 BETWEEN MATCH FINANCIAL LIMITED, JAMAL KHURSHID AND NUKKLEUS INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DATED

December 27, 2024

Share
purchase agreement

between/among

MATCH FINANCIAL LIMITED

and

JAMAL JHURSHID

and

NUKKLEUS INC.

CONTENTS

CLAUSE

1. Interpretation 2

2. Sale and purchase 6

3. Purchase price 7

4. Conditions to completion 7

5. Completion 8

6. Warranties 9

7. Con&filig;dentiality and announcements 11

8. Further assurance 13

9. Assignment and other dealings 13

10. No agency 14

11. Entire agreement 14

12. Variation and waiver 14

13. Costs 14

14. Notices 15

15. Interest 16

16. Severance 16

17. Agreement survives completion 17

18. Third party rights 17

19. Counterparts 17

20. Rights and remedies 18

21. Inadequacy of damages 18

22. Governing law and jurisdiction 18

SCHEDULE

Schedule 1 Particulars of the Company and the Subsidiaries 19

Part 1 The Company 19

Part 2 The Subsidiaries 19

Schedule 2 Exchange and Interim Period 20

Part 1 Obligations at exchange 20

Part 2 Interim Period 20

Schedule 3 Conditions and Completion 21

Part 1 Conditions to Completion 21

Part 2 Sellers obligations at Completion 21

1. Documents to be delivered at Completion 21

Schedule 4 Warranties 22

Part 1 General Warranties 22

1. Power to sell the Sale Shares 22

2. Shares in the Company and the Subsidiaries 22

3. Accounts 23

1

This agreement is dated 27
December 2024

Parties

(1) MATCH FINANCIAL LIMITED incorporated
and registered in England and Wales with company number 11864364 whose registered office
is at 4th Floor 100 Fenchurch Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 5JD (Seller)

(2) JAMAL KHURSHID of Beams End,
Old Brighton Road, Pease Pottage, Crawley, West Sussex, England, RH11 9AJ (Buyer)

(3) NUKKLEUS INC incorporated and
registered in the US State of Delaware whose registered office is at 525 Washington Blvd.
Jersey City, New Jersey 07310 United States of America (Parent)

BACKGROUND

(A) The Company is a private company limited by shares incorporated in
England and Wales.

(B) The Company has an issued share capital of 100 divided into
100 Ordinary shares of 1 each.

(C) Further particulars of the Company at the date of this agreement are
set out in Schedule 1.

(D) The Seller is the owner, or is otherwise able to procure the transfer,
of the legal and beneficial title to the Sale Shares.

(E) The Seller has agreed to sell and the Buyer has agreed to buy the
Sale Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement.

(F) The Seller is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.

(G) The Parent has entered into this agreement for the purpose of ratifying
certain matters related to the Transaction.

Agreed terms

1. Interpretation

1.1 The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause apply in
this agreement.

Accounts: the Group
Accounts and the Individual Accounts.

2

Accounts Date: 28 September 2024.

Business: the business
carried on by the Company and the Subsidiaries or any part of it.

Business Day: a day
other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England when banks in London are open for business.

CA 2006: the Companies Act 2006.

Claim: a claim in
respect of any of the Warranties.

Company: Digital
RFQ Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 12103258 whose registered office is at 4th Floor 100 Fenchurch
Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 5JD, further details of which are set out in Part 1 of Schedule 1.

Completion: completion
of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares in accordance with this agreement.

Completion Date:
has the meaning given in clause 5.2.

Condition: the condition
to Completion, being the matters set out in Part 1 of Schedule 3.

Director: each person
who is a director or shadow director of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, as set out in Schedule 1, together the Directors.

Disclosed: fairly,
fully, clearly and accurately disclosed (with sufficient details to identify the nature and scope of the matter disclosed).

Encumbrance: any
interest or equity of any person (including any right to acquire, option or right of pre-emption) or any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien,
assignment, hypothecation, security interest, title retention or any other security agreement or arrangement.

Group: in relation
to a company, that company, any subsidiary or any parent undertaking from time to time of that company, and any subsidiary from time
to time of a parent undertaking of that company. Each company in a Group is a member of the Group.

Group Accounts:
the audited consolidated accounts of the Parent, Seller, the Company and the Subsidiaries for the accounting period ended on the Accounts
Date, including the statement of financial position as at the Accounts Date and the income statement and statement of other comprehensive
income, statement of cash flows and statement of changes in equity for the accounting period ended on the Accounts Date, and the related
notes to such accounts as required by law and applicable accounting standards, copies of which are included in the Disclosure Documents.

3

Individual Accounts:
the audited individual company accounts of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries (prepared under section 394 of the CA 2006) for
the accounting period ended on the Accounts Date, including the statement of financial position as at the Accounts Date, and the income
statement and statement of other comprehensive income, the statement of cash flows and statement of changes in equity for the accounting
period ended on the Accounts Date, and the related notes to the accounts as required by law and applicable accounting standards, copies
of which are included in the Disclosure Documents.

Interim Period:
the period from (and including) the date of this agreement up to (and including) the Completion Date or, if earlier, the date of termination
of this agreement in accordance with its terms.

Longstop Date: 31
March 2025, or such later date as may be agreed by the Buyer and the Seller in writing.

parent undertaking:
a parent undertaking as defined in section 1162 of the CA 2006.

Previous Accounts:
the accounts equivalent to the Group Accounts or the Individual Accounts (as the case may be) in respect of the accounting period immediately
preceding the accounting period ended on the Accounts Date.

Purchase Price:
has the meaning given in clause 3.1.

Sale Shares: the
100 Ordinary shares of 1each in the Company, all of which are issued and fully paid, and which comprise the whole of the issued
share capital of the Company.

SEC: the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Settlement Agreement:
the settlement agreement made between the parties and dated 9 November 2024.

Shareholder Consent:
has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of Part 2 of Schedule 2.

Subsidiaries: the
companies, brief details of which are set out in Part 2 of Schedule 1, each a Subsidiary.

Transaction: the
transaction contemplated by this agreement, or any part of that transaction.

Transaction Documents:
this agreement and any other document to be entered into pursuant to this agreement in connection with the Transaction, each a Transaction
Document.

Warranties: the
warranties given by the Seller pursuant to clause 6 and set out in Schedule 4, each a Warranty.

4

1.2 Clause, Schedule and paragraph headings
shall not affect the interpretation of this agreement.

1.3 References to clauses and Schedules are
to the clauses of and Schedules to this agreement and references to paragraphs are to paragraphs
of the relevant Schedule.

1.4 The Schedules form part of this agreement
and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this agreement. Any reference
to this agreement includes the Schedules.

1.5 A reference to this agreement or
any other agreement or document is a reference to this agreement or such other agreement
or document, in each case as varied from time to time.

1.6 Unless the context otherwise requires,
words in the singular include the plural and the plural include the singular.

1.7 Unless the context otherwise requires,
a reference to one gender includes a reference to the other genders.

1.8 A person includes a natural person,
corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having separate legal personality).

1.9 This agreement shall be binding on and
enure to the benefit of, the parties to this agreement and their respective successors and
permitted assigns, and references to a party include that partys successors and permitted
assigns.

1.10 A reference to a company includes
any company, corporation or other body corporate, wherever and however incorporated or established.

1.11 A reference to a holding company
or a subsidiary means a holding company or a subsidiary (as the case may be) as defined
in section 1159 of the CA 2006 [and a company shall be treated, for the purposes only of
the membership requirement contained in sections 1159(1)(b) and (c), as a member of another
company even if its shares in that other company are registered in the name of:

(a) another person (or its nominee), by
way of security or in connection with the taking of security; or

(b) its nominee.

1.12 Unless expressly provided otherwise in this agreement, a reference
to writing or written excludes fax but not email.

5

1.13 Any words following the terms including,
include, in particular, for example or any similar expression shall be interpreted as
illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms.

1.14 References to a document in agreed
form are to that document in the form agreed by the parties and initialled by them or
on their behalf for identification.

1.15 Unless expressly provided otherwise in
this agreement, a reference to legislation or a legislative provision:

(a) is a reference to it as it is amended,
extended or re-enacted from time to time provided that, as between the parties, no such amendment,
extension or re-enactment made after the date of this agreement shall apply for the purposes
of this agreement if and to the extent that it would impose any new or extended obligation,
liability or restriction on, or otherwise adversely affect the rights of, any party;

(b) includes all subordinate legislation
made from time to time under that legislation or legislative provision.

1.16 Any reference to an English legal term
for any action, remedy, method of judicial proceeding, legal document, legal status, court,
official or any legal concept or thing shall, in respect of any jurisdiction other than England,
be deemed to include a reference to that which most nearly approximates to the English legal
term in that jurisdiction.

1.17 Any obligation on a party not to do something
includes an obligation not to allow that thing to be done.

2. Sale and purchase

2.1 On and subject to the terms of this agreement,
at Completion the Buyer shall buy and the Seller shall sell the Sale Shares with full title
guarantee and free from all Encumbrances, together with all rights that attach (or may in
the future attach) to the Sale Shares including, in particular, the right to receive all
dividends and distributions declared, made or paid on or after the date of this agreement.

2.2 The Buyer is not obliged to complete the
purchase of any of the Sale Shares unless the purchase of all the Sale Shares is completed
simultaneously.

2.3 On the date of this agreement, the parties will comply with their
obligations in Part 1 of Schedule 2.

6

2.4 At all times during the Interim Period, the Seller shall:

(a) comply with the undertakings and obligations
set out in Part 2 of Schedule 2; and

(b) promptly notify the Buyer in writing
of any event, matter or circumstance which constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute
a breach of any of the undertakings or obligations set out in Part 2 of Schedule 2.

3. Purchase price

3.1 The total consideration for the sale of
the Sale Shares is the sum of 1,000 (Purchase Price), which shall be paid by
the Buyer to the Seller in cash on Completion in accordance with clause 3.2.

3.2 All payments to be made to the Seller
under this agreement shall be made in sterling by electronic transfer of immediately available
funds to the Sellers nominated account Citibank, NA, ABA: 021000089, Acct #: 6, 882381534,
SWIFT: CITIUS33. Payment in accordance with this clause shall be a good and valid discharge
of the Buyers obligations to pay the sum in question, and the Buyer shall not be concerned
to see the application of the monies so paid.

4. Conditions to completion

4.1 Completion is subject to and conditional
upon the Condition in Part 1 of Schedule 3 being satisfied by or before 6.00pm on the Longstop
Date.

4.2 This agreement shall automatically terminate
and cease to have effect (except as provided in clause 4.3) at 6.00pm on the Longstop Date,
if the Condition is not satisfied by or before then.

4.3 If
this agreement terminates in accordance with clause 4.2, or is terminated pursuant to clause 5.4(c) or clause 6.5(a), it will
immediately cease to have any further force and effect except for:

(a) any provision of this agreement that
expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination
(including clause 1 (Interpretation), clause 4.2 and this clause 4.3 (Conditions precedent),
clause 7 (Confidentiality and announcements) and clause 11 (Entire agreement) to clause 22
(Governing law and jurisdiction) (inclusive)), each of which shall remain in full force and
effect; and

(b) any rights, remedies, obligations
or liabilities of the parties that have accrued up to the date of termination, including
the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the agreement which existed at or
before the date of termination.

7

4.4 The Seller and the Parent shall use all
reasonable endeavours to procure (so far as it lies within their respective powers so to
do) that the Condition is satisfied as soon as practicable and in any event no later than
the Longstop Date.

4.5 The Buyer and the Seller and the Parent
shall co-operate fully in all actions necessary to procure the satisfaction of the Condition
including (but not limited to) the provision by the parties of all information reasonably
necessary to make any notification or filing required by any relevant authority, keeping
the other party informed of the progress of any notification or filing and providing such
other assistance as may reasonably be required.

4.6 The Parent shall notify the Buyer in writing
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within two Business Days of becoming aware
that the Condition has been satisfied and provide such evidence of satisfaction as the Buyer
shall reasonably require.

5. Completion

5.1 Unless this agreement has been terminated
in accordance with its terms, Completion shall take place on the Completion Date at such
place as is agreed by the parties.

5.2 The Completion Date shall be:

(a) the third Business Day following the
date on which the Condition is satisfied (provided such satisfaction or waiver occurs no
later than the Longstop Date); or

(b) any other date agreed by the Seller
and the Buyer in writing; or

(c) if Completion is deferred in accordance
with clause 5.4, the date to which Completion is so deferred.

5.3 At Completion:

(a) the Seller shall:

(i) deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Buyer the items
listed in paragraph 1 of Part 2 of Schedule 3;

(b) the Buyer shall (subject to the Seller complying with clause 5.3(a))
pay the Purchase Price in accordance with clause 3.1 and clause 3.2.

8

5.4 If the Seller does not comply with its
obligations in clause 5.3 in any material respect, the Buyer may (at its sole discretion
and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies it has, including the right to claim
damages for breach of this agreement):

(a) proceed to Completion;

(b) defer Completion to a date no more than 28 days after the date
on which Completion would otherwise have taken place; or

(c) terminate this agreement by notice in writing to the Seller (in
which case clause 4.3 shall apply).

5.5 The Buyer may defer Completion under clause
5.4(b) only once, but otherwise this clause 5 applies to a Completion so deferred as it applies
where Completion has not been deferred.

5.6 As soon as possible after Completion,
the Seller shall send to the Buyer (at the Buyers nominated address) all records, correspondence,
documents, files, memoranda and other papers relating to the Company or the Subsidiaries
which have not been delivered at or before Completion, including for the avoidance of doubt
any audited Group Accounts or Accounts relating to the Company which have not yet been prepared
or delivered at the date of this Agreement.

6. Warranties

6.1 The Seller warrants to the Buyer that
except as Disclosed, each Warranty is true, accurate and not misleading as at the date of
this agreement.

6.2 The Seller further warrants to the Buyer
that each of the Warranties will be true, accurate and not misleading throughout the Interim
Period. For this purpose, each of the Warranties shall be deemed to be repeated on each day
of the Interim Period by reference to the facts and circumstances then subsisting. Any reference
made to the date of this agreement (whether express or implied) in relation to a Warranty
shall be construed, in connection with the repetition of the Warranties, as a reference to
the date of such repetition.

6.3 The Seller and the Parent shall not (and
shall procure that neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries shall) do anything during
the Interim Period that would be materially inconsistent with any term of this agreement
including any of the Warranties, or cause any Warranty to be untrue, inaccurate or misleading
in any material respect.

9

6.4 If at any time during the Interim Period
the Seller (or any member of its Group) becomes aware of a fact or circumstance which constitutes
(or which is reasonably expected to constitute) a breach of Warranty, or which would cause
(or is reasonably expected to cause) a Warranty to be untrue, inaccurate or misleading, the
Seller shall:

(a) promptly notify the Buyer in writing
of the relevant fact or circumstance in sufficient detail to enable the Buyer to make an
accurate assessment of the situation; and

(b) if requested by the Buyer, use all
reasonable endeavours to remedy or prevent (as the case may be) the notified breach or anticipated
breach.

6.5 If at any time during the Interim Period
it becomes apparent that a Warranty has been breached, is untrue, inaccurate or misleading,
or that the Seller has breached any other term of this agreement (including any of the Sellers
obligations and undertakings in Part 2 of Schedule 2) the Buyer may (at its sole discretion
and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies it has, including the right to claim
damages for breach of this agreement):

(a) terminate this agreement by notice
in writing to the Seller (in which case clause 4.3 shall apply); or

(b) proceed to Completion.

6.6 Without prejudice to the Buyers right
to claim on any other basis, or to take advantage of any other remedies available to it,
if any Warranty is untrue, inaccurate or misleading, the Seller shall pay to the Buyer on
demand:

(a) the amount necessary to put the Company
and each of the Subsidiaries into the position they would have been in if the Warranty had
not been untrue, inaccurate or misleading;

(b) all costs and expenses (including
damages, legal and other professional fees and costs, penalties, expenses and consequential
losses whether arising directly or indirectly) incurred by the Buyer, the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries as a result of the Warranty being untrue, inaccurate or misleading (including
a reasonable amount in respect of management time); and

(c) if any sum payable under clause 6.6(a)
or clause 6.6(b) is subject to Tax in the hands of the Buyer, the additional amount required
to ensure that the net amount received by the Buyer is the amount it would have received
if the payment was not subject to Tax.

6.7 Each of the Warranties is separate and
independent, and unless specifically provided otherwise, is not limited by reference to any
other Warranty or any other provision in this agreement.

6.8 For the avoidance of doubt, the Buyers
rights and remedies in respect of any Claim shall not be affected by Completion, or any termination
of (or the Buyers failure to terminate) this agreement.

10

7. Confidentiality and announcements

7.1 The Parent and the Seller undertake to
the Buyer, the Company and each of the Subsidiaries that it shall (and shall procure that
each member of the Sellers Group shall):

(a) keep secret and confidential:

(i) the terms of this agreement and the
other Transaction Documents, and any information relating to their negotiation; and

(ii) all confidential information, know-how
and trade secrets in its knowledge or possession concerning the business, assets, affairs,
customers, clients or suppliers of the Buyer or any member of the Buyers Group (including,
following Completion, the Company and the Subsidiaries);

(b) not disclose any of the information
referred to in clause 7.1(a) (whether in whole or in part) to any person, except as expressly
permitted by this clause 7; and

(c) not make any use of any of the information
referred to in clause 7.1(a), other than to the extent necessary for the purpose of exercising
or performing its rights and obligations under this agreement.

7.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of
this agreement, neither party shall be obliged to keep secret and confidential or to restrict
its use of any information that:

(a) is or becomes generally available
to the public other than as a result of its disclosure by that party (or any person to whom
it has disclosed the information in accordance with clause 7.3(a)) in breach of this agreement;
or

(b) was, is or becomes available to that
party on a non-confidential basis from a person who, to the Sellers knowledge, is not bound
by a confidentiality agreement, and is not otherwise prohibited from disclosing the information
to that party.

7.3 The Seller and/or the Parent may disclose
any information that it is otherwise required to keep confidential under this clause 7:

(a) to any employees, officers, consultants,
representatives or advisers of any member of its Group who need to know that information
for the purposes of advising on this agreement or facilitating the Transaction, provided
that the party making the disclosure (Disclosing Party) informs the recipient of the
confidential nature of the information before disclosure and procures that the recipient
shall, in relation to any such information disclosed to them, comply with the obligations
set out in this clause 7 as if they were the Disclosing Party. The Disclosing Party shall, at all times, be liable for the failure of its recipients to comply with the obligations set out in this clause;

11

(b) with the prior consent in writing
of the Buyer;

(c) to confirm that the Transaction has
taken place, or the date of the Transaction (but without otherwise revealing any other terms
of the Transaction or making any other announcement);

(d) if and to the extent that the disclosure
is required:

(i) by the laws of any jurisdiction to which
it is subject;

(ii) by an order of any court of competent
jurisdiction, or any regulatory, judicial, governmental or similar body, or any Tax Authority
or securities exchange of competent jurisdiction;

(iii) to make any filing with, or obtain
any authorisation from, any regulatory, governmental or similar body, or any Tax Authority
or securities exchange of competent jurisdiction; or

(iv) to protect its interest in any legal
proceedings,

provided that in each case
(where it is legally permitted to do so) the party making the disclosure gives the Buyer as much notice of the disclosure as possible
and, where notice of disclosure is not prohibited and is given in accordance with this clause, it takes into account the reasonable requests
of the Buyer concerning the content of the disclosure.

7.4 Subject to clause 7.5 to clause 7.7 (inclusive),
neither party shall make, or permit any person to make, any public announcement, communication
or circular concerning this agreement or the Transaction (announcement) without the
prior written consent of the other party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed).

7.5 Nothing
in clause 7.4 shall prevent a party from making an announcement required by law or any governmental or regulatory authority (including
any Tax Authority), any securities exchange, or any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction, provided that the party required
to make the announcement (where permitted by law and insofar as it is reasonably practicable to do so) consults with the other party
in advance, and takes into account its reasonable requests concerning the form, content and timing of the announcement.

7.6 The parties shall issue a press release
in agreed form immediately after Completion.

12

7.7 The Buyer may at any time after Completion
announce its acquisition of the Sale Shares to any employees, clients, customers or suppliers
of the Company, the Subsidiaries or any other member of the Buyers Group.

8. Further assurance

8.1 At its own expense, the Seller shall (and
shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that any relevant third party shall) promptly
execute and deliver such documents and perform such acts as the Buyer may reasonably require
from time to time for the purpose of giving full effect to this agreement.

8.2 The Seller undertakes to the Buyer that
while it remains the registered holder of any of the Sale Shares after Completion, it shall:

(a) hold such Sale Shares together with
all dividends and any other distributions of profits or other assets in respect of such Sale
Shares, and all rights arising out of or in connection with them, in trust for the Buyer;

(b) deal with and dispose of such Sale
Shares, dividends, distributions, assets and rights as the Buyer shall direct;

(c) exercise all voting rights attached
to such Sale Shares in such manner as the Buyer shall direct; and

(d) if required by the Buyer, execute
all instruments of proxy or other documents as may be necessary to enable the Buyer to attend
and vote at any meeting of the Company.

9. Assignment and other dealings

9.1 Subject to the further provisions of this clause 9, no party shall assign, novate, transfer,
mortgage, charge, subcontract, delegate, declare a trust of, or deal in any other manner with any or all of its rights and obligations
under this agreement or any other Transaction Document.

9.2 The Buyer may grant security over, or
assign by way of security, any or all of its rights under this agreement or any other Transaction
Document for the purposes of, or in connection with, the financing (whether in whole or in
part) of any of the Buyers working capital or other requirements. On the enforcement of
any security of the kind referred to in this clause, the Buyer, or any administrative receiver
of the Buyer or any person having the benefit of such security, may assign any or all of
the relevant rights to any person, but the Sellers liability to any assignee in respect
of those rights shall not be greater than if no assignment had taken place.

13

10. No agency

Each party confirms it
is acting on its own behalf in relation to the Transaction and not for the benefit of any other person.

11. Entire agreement

This agreement (together
with the other Transaction Documents and the Settlement Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes
and extinguishes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between
them, whether written or oral, relating to their subject matter.

12. Variation and waiver

12.1 No variation of this agreement shall
be effective unless it is in writing, signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives)
and expressly states that it is amending this agreement.

12.2 A waiver of any right or remedy is only
effective if given in writing and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent right or
remedy.

12.3 A delay or failure to exercise, or the
single or partial exercise of, any right or remedy does not waive that or any other right
or remedy, nor does it prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right
or remedy.

13. Costs

13.1 Except as expressly provided in this
agreement, each party shall pay its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
negotiation, preparation and execution of this agreement and the other Transaction Documents

13.2 Without prejudice to any other right
or remedy the Buyer may have, the Seller shall indemnify the Buyer against all costs and
expenses it incurs in investigating the affairs of the Company and the Subsidiaries and in
negotiating, preparing, executing, rescinding or terminating this agreement (and the other
Transaction Documents) in the event that:

(a) the Buyer terminates this agreement
in accordance with clause 5.4 or clause 6.5; or

(b) this agreement terminates and ceases
to have effect in accordance with clause 4.2.

14

13.3 The Buyer shall be responsible for and shall pay all stamp taxes
arising on the transfer of the Sale Shares in accordance with this agreement.

14. Notices

14.1 A notice given to a party under or in connection with this agreement:

(a) shall be in writing and in English;

(b) shall be signed by or on behalf of
the party giving it;

(c) shall be sent to the party for the
attention of the contact and to the address or email address specified in clause 14.2, or
substituted by that party in accordance with clause 14.3;

(d) shall be sent by a method listed in
clause 14.4; and

(e) unless proved otherwise is deemed
received as set out in clause 14.4 if prepared and sent in accordance with this clause.

14.2 The addresses and email addresses for service of notices are:

(a) Seller

(i) address: 525 Washington Blvd., Jersey City, New Jersey 07310

(ii) for the attention of: CEO

(iii) email address: m@nukk.com

(b) Buyer

(i) address: Beams End, Old Brighton Road, Pease Pottage, Crawley,
West Sussex, England, RH11 9AJ]

(ii) for the attention of: Jamal Khurshid

(iii) email address: jamie.khurshid@digitalrfq.com

(c) Parent

(i) address: 525 Washington Blvd., Jersey City, New Jersey 07310

(ii) for the attention of: Menachem Shalom, CEO

(iii) email address: m@nukk.com

14.3 A party may change its details given in clause 14.2 by giving notice,
the change taking effect for the party notified of the change at 9.00 am on the later of:

(a) the date, if any, specified in the notice as the effective date
for the change; and

(b) the date ten Business Days after deemed receipt of the notice.

15

14.4 This clause sets out the delivery methods
for sending a notice to a party under this agreement and, for each delivery method, the date
and time when the notice is deemed to have been received:

(a) if delivered by hand, at the time
the notice is left at the address;

(b) if sent by pre-paid first class post
or other next working day delivery service providing proof of postage, at 9.00 am on the
second Business Day after posting;

(c) if sent by pre-paid airmail providing
proof of postage, at 9.00 am on the fifth Business Day after posting; or

(d) if sent by email, at the time of transmission.

14.5 If deemed receipt under clause 14.4 would
occur outside business hours in the place of receipt (which, in the case of service of a
notice by email shall be deemed to be the same place as is specified for service of notices
on the relevant party by hand or post), it shall be deferred until business hours resume.
In this clause, business hours means 9.00 am to 5.00 pm Monday to Friday on a day
that is not a public holiday in the place of receipt.

14.6 This clause 14 does not apply to the
service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action or, where applicable, any
arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.

15. Interest

15.1 If either party fails to make a payment
due to the other party under this agreement by the due date, then the defaulting party shall
pay interest on the overdue sum from the due date until payment of the overdue sum, whether
before or after judgment.

15.2 Interest under this clause will accrue
each day at 8% a year above the Bank of Englands base rate from time to time, but at 8%
a year for any period when that base rate is below 0%.

16. Severance

If any provision or part-provision
of this agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of the rest of this agreement.

16

17. Agreement survives completion

This agreement (other than
obligations that have already been fully performed) remains in full force after Completion.

18. Third party rights

18.1 Except as expressly provided in clause
18.2, this agreement does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement.

18.2 The following provisions are intended
to benefit future buyers of the Sale Shares and (where they are identified in the relevant
clauses as recipients of rights or benefits under that clause) the Company, the Subsidiaries
and the Officers, and shall be enforceable by each of them to the fullest extent permitted
by law:

(a) clause 6 and Schedule 4 (Warranties),

(b) clause 7 (Confidentiality and announcements);
and

(c) clause 15 (Interest).

18.3 The rights of the parties to rescind
or vary this agreement are not subject to the consent of any other person.

19. Counterparts

19.1 This agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which constitutes a duplicate original, but all the counterparts
together constitute the one agreement.

19.2 Transmission of an executed counterpart
of this agreement (but for the avoidance of doubt not just a signature page) by email (in
PDF, JPEG or other agreed format) shall take effect as the transmission of a wet ink
counterpart of this agreement.

19.3 No counterpart shall be effective until
each party has provided to the other at least one executed counterpart.

17

20. Rights and remedies

Except as expressly provided
in this agreement, the rights and remedies provided under this agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies
provided by law.

21. Inadequacy of damages

Without prejudice to any
other rights or remedies that the Buyer may have, the Seller acknowledges and agrees that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy
for any breach of the terms clause 7. Accordingly, the Buyer shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or
other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the terms of clause 7 of this agreement.

22. Governing law and jurisdiction

22.1 This agreement and any dispute or claim
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or
its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
law of England and Wales.

22.2 Each party irrevocably agrees that the
courts of England and Wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or
claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with
this agreement or its subject matter or formation.

This agreement has been
entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it.

18

Schedule 1 Particulars of the Company
and the Subsidiaries

Part 1 The Company

Name: DIGITAL
RFQ LIMITED

Registered
number: 12103258

Registered
office: 4th Floor 100 Fenchurch Street,
London, United Kingdom, EC3M 5JD

Registered
email address: jamie.khurshid@digitalrfq.com

Issued
share capital: 

Amount: 100

Divided into: 100 Ordinary shares
of 1 each

Registered
shareholder(s) (and number of Sale Shares held): The Seller 100 Ordinary
shares of 1 each

Beneficial
owner(s) of Sale Shares (if different): N/A

Directors
and shadow directors: Jamal Khurshid

Secretary: None

Auditor: Nigel Wilson & Co.

Registered
charges: None

Part 2 The Subsidiaries

Name: DRFQ
Payments Limited

Registered
number: 12396626

Registered
office: 53 Collet House 50 Wandsworth
Road, London, England, SW8 2EW

Registered
email address: jamie.khurshid@digitalrfq.com

Issued
share capital: 

Amount: 200

Divided into: 200 ordinary shares
of 1 each

Registered
shareholder(s) (and number of shares held): The Company - 200 ordinary
shares of 1 each

Beneficial owner of share(s) (if different) and
number of shares beneficially owned: N/A

Directors
and shadow directors: Oliver Worsley

Secretary: None

Auditor: Nigel Wilson & Co.

Registered
charges: None

19

Schedule 2 Exchange and Interim Period

Part 1 Obligations at
exchange

1. On the date of this agreement, the Seller
shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Buyer:

1.1 this agreement duly executed by the Seller;

1.2 a certified copy of the resolution of
the Parents board of directors approving the Transaction and the execution and delivery
of this agreement.

2. On the date of this agreement, the Buyer
shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Seller:

2.1 this agreement, duly executed by the Buyer;

Part 2 Interim Period

1. During the Interim Period, the Seller and
the Parent shall at their own expense, use all reasonable endeavours to obtain the approval
and consent for the completion of the Transaction by and from shareholders of the Parent
representing the required vote as required by the laws of the State of Delaware and The Nasdaq
Stock Market (Shareholder Consent) as soon as possible and in any event before the
Longstop Date.

2. At all times during the Interim Period,
the Buyer shall have full authority and control to direct the management and affairs of the
Company and the Seller and the Parent shall, at their own cost and expense, jointly and severally
ratify, support, vote in favour of and execute any document required to support and/or authorise
any decision of the Buyer with regard to the management and affairs of Target without delay
or discussion, provided that all material actions shall be approved by the Parent acting
by its board of directors (and such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

3. If any material actions require the prior
approval of the Parents shareholders under SEC rules, the Parent shall use all reasonable
endeavours to obtain such approval without delay.

4. Material actions shall include but not be limited to:

4.1 raising third party finance;

4.2 granting options on the Companys share capital;

4.3 granting security and/or other Encumbrances on the Companys
assets;

4.4 disposing of or divesting any of the Companys assets.

20

Schedule 3 Conditions and Completion

Part 1 Conditions to
Completion

1. Shareholder Consent.

Part 2 Sellers obligations
at Completion

1. Documents to be delivered at Completion

At Completion, the Seller
shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Buyer:

1.1 a transfer of the Sale Shares, in agreed
form, duly signed by the Seller in favour of the Buyer (or its nominee);

1.2 the share certificates for the Sale Shares
or an indemnity, in agreed form, for any lost certificates duly executed by the Seller;

1.3 any waivers, consents or other documents
required to enable the Buyer (or its nominee) to be registered as the holder of the Sale
Shares, in each case in agreed form;

1.4 an irrevocable power of attorney, in agreed
form, duly executed by the Seller in favour of the Buyer (or its nominee) to secure the Buyers
interest in the Sale Shares pending registration of the transfer in the Companys register
of members;

1.5 the registers, minute books and other
records required to be kept by the Company and each of the Subsidiaries under the CA 2006,
in each case duly written up as at the Completion Date, together with the common seals (if
any), certificates of incorporation and any certificates of incorporation on change of name
for the Company and each of the Subsidiaries;

1.6 a letter duly signed by the Seller, in
agreed form, confirming that it has ceased to be a registrable relevant legal entity (within
the meaning of section 790C of the CA 2006) in relation to the Company;

1.7 a duly executed mutual deed of release,
in agreed form, of all and any claims that the Seller (or any other member of the Sellers
Group) has or may have against the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or the Company may
has or may have against the Seller (or any other member of the Sellers Group);

1.8 an Officers Certificate, in agreed form,
indicating that Shareholder Consent has been obtained.

21

Schedule 4 Warranties

Part 1 General Warranties

1. Power to sell the Sale Shares

1.1 The Seller has taken all necessary actions
and has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this agreement and each
of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party in accordance with their respective
terms.

1.2 This agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party constitute (or shall constitute when executed) valid, legal
and binding obligations on the Seller in accordance with their respective terms.

1.3 The execution and delivery by the Seller
of this agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and
compliance with their respective terms shall not breach or constitute a default:

(a) under the Sellers articles of association,
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which the Seller
is bound; or

(b) of any order, judgment, decree or
other restriction applicable to the Seller.

2. Shares in the Company and the Subsidiaries

2.1 The Sale Shares constitute the whole of
the allotted and issued share capital of the Company and are fully paid or credited as fully
paid.

2.2 The Seller is the sole legal and beneficial
owner of the Sale Shares and is entitled to transfer the legal and beneficial title to the
Sale Shares to the Buyer free from all Encumbrances, without the consent of any other person.

2.3 No person has any right to require, at
any time, the transfer, creation, issue or allotment of any share, loan capital or other
securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (or any rights or interest in them),
and neither the Seller, the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has agreed to confer any
such rights, and no person has claimed any such rights.

2.4 No Encumbrance has been granted to any person or otherwise exists
affecting:

(a) the Sale Shares or any issued shares
of the Subsidiaries; or

(b) any unissued shares, debentures or
other unissued securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries.

22

No commitment to create any
such Encumbrance has been given, nor has any person claimed any right to such an Encumbrance.

3. Accounts

3.1 The Group Accounts:

(a) show a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Company and the Subsidiaries as at the Accounts Date, and of their profit
or loss and total comprehensive income for the accounting period ended on the Accounts Date;

(b) (save as the Group Accounts expressly
disclose) are not affected by any extraordinary, exceptional or non-recurring items; and

(c) (save as the Group Accounts expressly
disclose) have been prepared using the same accounting policies and estimation techniques
as those adopted and applied in preparing the Previous Accounts.

3.2 The Accounts have been audited by an individual or firm registered
to act as auditors in the UK and the auditors reports thereon are unmodified.

23

Signed by JAMAL KHURSHID /s/ Jamal Khurshid

for and on behalf of MATCH FINANCIAL LIMITED Director

Signed by JAMAL KHURSHID /s/ Jamal Khurshid

Jamal Khurshid

Signed by MENACHEM SHALOM /s/ Menachem Shalom

for and on behalf of Nukkleus Inc. CEO

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nukk-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nukk-20241227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nukk-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock for $92.00 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nukk-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 001-39341

Entity Registrant Name NUKKLEUS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001787518

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-3912845

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 525 Washington Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Jersey City

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07310

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 791-4663

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol NUKK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock for $92.00 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock for $92.00 per share

Trading Symbol NUKKW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NUKK_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NUKK_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor92.00PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nukk.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226294-8k_nukkleus.htm 
nukk-20241227.xsd 
nukk-20241227_def.xml 
nukk-20241227_lab.xml 
nukk-20241227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-000734-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0226294-8k_nukkleus_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001787518 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001787518 

NUKK:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001787518 

NUKK:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor92.00PerShareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001787518 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
NUKKLEUS INC. 
DE 
001-39341 
38-3912845 
525 Washington Blvd. 
Jersey City 
NJ 
07310 
212 
791-4663 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
NUKK 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock for $92.00 per share 
NUKKW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>